- Using Mental Illness For TikTok Clout: Kind: captions Language: en stop diagnosing yourself through tick tock and go to a licensed professional to help you [Music] so if you're a boomer it might seem like gen z is collecting mental illnesses like pokemon cards these days to which my local target has been out of pokemon cards for about a year now and it makes me very sad but let's not make light of the situation i take mental health pretty seriously and i have been diagnosed with anxiety and adhd and in the past i had depression and i am very happy to say that i'm a survivor of that now today i want to talk about mental health tik tok i've been seeing a lot of tig talks lately that talk about generic symptoms of a certain mental illness and then the comments are filled with people thinking they now have x mental illness mental health tick tocks may have the guise of being innocent and just sharing people's stories experiences normalizing mental health talk and genuinely helping and i'm sure a lot of it is that and that's amazing and helpful what's not helpful is romanticizing mental illness diluting the issues that people with actual mental illness go through and rattling off generic symptoms and pretending that because you daydream sometimes you have dissociative disorder let me introduce it this way if you're someone that actually suffers from ocd you've probably heard from people your entire life that say oh my ocd oh lol like you know my ocd is acting up and that probably made you feel like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] as someone who actually suffers from ocd and that's what i think mental health tick tock is kind of doing these days not outright explicitly but to an extent sometimes that's the vibe that i'm getting for example if someone rattles off symptoms of adhd for 60 seconds that are also symptoms of being a normal human being you might start to wonder if you actually do have adhd next thing you know you're having more trouble focusing than usual irritability impulsiveness more than usual that might subconsciously insert itself into your mind and your life as a placebo and make your symptoms worse a placebo is basically thinking your way into symptoms of something that you don't have this is an actual thing it's like when you start reading symptoms for something online and one of the symptoms is headache and then suddenly you start kind of getting a headache a personal example of this is caused by my anxiety and not tick-tock is that something small will trigger me into thinking that i'm dying i do not have symptoms at this point but in my brain something triggers and this causes the tightening of my throat i then think that i'm having trouble breathing and i start to genuinely think that i'm having an anaphylactic reaction for literally almost no reason besides anxiety so i'm not really saying that people are pretending to have adhd i'm not a doctor you could actually have adhd it's not my place to say that people are faking having a mental illness for attention i don't think that's it i think part of it can be the placebo effect as that's a thing that literally happens and another part of it could also be the subconscious need to feel included one of humanity's biggest desires as per my therapist said is the need to feel like they belong they need to feel validated and we want to be included and we want to feel sane people want to feel included they want to be part of a group and what better group than the mental health community that makes everyone feel loved accepted and valid as everyone deserves to feel but i feel like that almost plays into the subconscious want to almost want to have a mental to fit in like what social currency is gained by putting your chosen mental in your twitter bio i've seen that more than ever and let me just say your mental illness does not define you it is not your whole personality you are so much more than that but how that dilutes the problem that people who actually suffer face and now we have this broad snowballed generalization of adhd being this very stereotypical disorder that causes you to jitter and not focus i'm sorry to say but no one has an easy time focusing at their job at their desk sitting still for hours at a time it's hard to focus and that doesn't mean that you have adhd because you have trouble focusing sometimes and i know that people that suffer from adhd can relate to that just like that example of someone who actually suffers feeling like their problems are now diluted because becky is talking about her ocd because she wants the markers aligned a certain way and this also applies to many other disorders that i see talked about online that just end up becoming this gross generalization of the actual illness what i don't see talked about with adhd is how it can cause fatigue hyper focusing i bet you didn't know that one forgetfulness sudden mood swings restlessness anxiety lack of motivation substance misuse and other symptoms that aren't so lol stereotypical and everyone's adhd looks very different not everyone with adhd is going to also suffer from substance misuse or hyper focusing it manifests itself in many different ways depending on who you are and that's all the more reason to stop listening to these tick tocks to diagnose you i want to talk about dissociating now especially because this is the topic that kind of pushed me over the edge to make this video google says that dissociation is dissociation and lack of continuity between thoughts memories surroundings actions and identity if you've ever dissociated before it's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] terrifying it's awful you don't feel alive it's like you're watching yourself in third person you don't feel like you're really there when you speak it's just so like it's an out of body experience and it's super weird and is caused by many different things it can be a coping mechanism it can be caused by trauma but not all the time it can be caused by anxiety and in my case i've only had a handful of dissociation episodes which is different than dissociation disorder and i've experienced this a handful of times in college and in my personal case it was likely caused by severe anxiety what i've seen on tick tock about symptoms of dissociation is just gross it makes it seem like if you've ever daydreamed before you have dissociation disorder could you be dissociating i'm a licensed therapist and we're gonna talk about it this has been a topic a lot of you have requested so be sure to hit that follow right now to follow the series dissociation is a way that people can cope think of dissociation as a instinctual response to an overwhelming stressor typically that's trauma but that is not always the case dissociation can feel different for every single person i'm gonna say it again dissociation can feel different for every single person a dissociation episode might feel like memory loss detached from yourself your body your emotions or your world and life feeling foggy important to note there's a difference between dissociation disorder and dissociation episodes if it's a symptom it typically comes up in anxiety depression bipolar schizophrenia borderline personality disorder and ptsd or cptsd and sometimes therapists miss this so when you're in session bring that episode to light so that was a licensed therapist that was talking about it and i don't feel like i have to reiterate what she said but i really liked her point about that it manifests differently in everyone this tick tock i have a problem with i'm sorry it's been brought to my attention that this girl does have dissociation disorder and that's not my point here whether she does or not is none of my business it's personal it would be really ignorant and stupid of me to sit here and say that someone else is faking something for attention but my problem with this is that what a younger person might see is oh this person's daydreaming they have dissociative disorder do i have that i daydream a lot someone may look at that and understand that if you daydream or zone out a lot that they might have dissociative disorder when you don't it's so much more than that and it's so much more nuanced than that in short the difference between dissociation and daydreaming is that normal non-maladaptive daydreaming is a completely normal form of dissociation that most people go through dissociation beyond that can be maladaptive daydreaming and dissociation disorder which can feel like someone is physically removed from their body or the place they are in all of the above can be coping mechanisms that's all they have in common and if you want to read more about dissociative disorder i have sources in the description and one of them is about dissociation that i highly recommend you look at so that's the thing it's so much more than that it's so much more than a shallow definition of a mental illness diagnosing you will take more than 60 seconds of spouting symptoms or relatable situations at you your mental illness takes more than 15 seconds to diagnose you i got diagnosed with adhd at 17 so men are three times more likely to get diagnosed with adhd than women are symptoms in women include in case you didn't know verbal aggression such as teasing taunting or name calling low self-esteem feeling anxious or overwhelmed in stores or large businesses running at a time and being stressed out about money shutting down in the middle of the day and needing to take a break from people spending a lot of your time looking for lost things or catching up on lost work you haven't done in a while gestures that keep you moving such as biting your lips or wringing your hands i do this a lot having absolutely no energy this is a sign of adhd in women no energy feeling like you're always at one end of a deregulated activity spectrum meaning you're either on the couch all the time or you're doing activities all the time or you're switching back and forth rapidly feeling like you have good or better ideas than other people but you don't know how to organize your thoughts so you don't share them and another one is feeling like you're always coping for something when googling why women get less diagnosed than men what pops up is that they don't show typical symptoms meaning they're not symptoms shown by men the more you know hey guess what else fatigue is a symptom of literally everything pms thyroid issues lack of sleep being overweight emotional stress boredom grief depression anxiety sleep apnea dehydration iron deficiency etc these are literally generic symptoms that don't necessarily mean you have x most of these symptoms of adhd that this person listed are absolutely correct and you may have all of them some of them or none of them and still have adhd because like i said earlier these things manifest themselves in so many different ways which is all the more reason why you need to get checked out by a professional and not rely on tick tock and suddenly be like oh i learned i have x mental illness today no stop it's not that these people don't have the mental illness they're talking about in their tick tocks it's just impossible to tell all in a 60 second video it's okay to enjoy these or even learn something new but do not diagnose yourself from them do more research about the mental illness because you do know yourself best and see a licensed therapist and or doctor or psychiatrist or someone qualified and not someone on tick tock to help diagnose you and get help because you are so much more nuanced than a list of generic symptoms on a video and in this video i'm not saying to stop overreacting over minor or generic symptoms because other people have it way worse and they're the ones that actually have the mental illness no i'm just saying that tick-tock is not the place for you to diagnose yourself i'm not going to sit here in trash mental health creators on tick-tock just for trying to be relatable help the word get out and do good because there's a lot of good that comes from this for instance it's normalizing mental health talk and awareness which is so so freaking important and our society has made strides over the normalization of mental health talk communities have formed around it we've gotten better help we've gotten better awareness advice more accessible programs like better health and two it encourages you to get help because if you are already suspecting that you have a certain mental illness and you do see a list of symptoms that kind of shine a light on it and make you feel like you're not alone it might push you to actually get the professional help that you need to help and then get the proper help from there so while mental health tick tock is doing loads of good i just urge you to be careful like we tell our boomer aunts and uncles on facebook don't believe everything you see on the internet and no grandma trump is not personally saving koalas from the australian wildfires that is not true you are special and unique and you deserve a thorough diagnosis and professional help you cannot be defined or diagnosed from a short tic talk with generic symptoms on it people who are susceptible and prone to health anxiety like me know this all too well we want to believe it we're more prone to believe these things on the internet and we want to believe we have every mental illness in the world as someone who suffers from health anxiety i know this all too well and this can snowball into even more anxiety which brings me to say please be careful of what you're sharing on the internet about these things try not to generalize try to make sure people understand that mental illness can manifest itself in many different ways and just because you have these symptoms doesn't mean you have x mental illness mental health is such a complex topic for every individual out there so don't police people or accuse them of faking a mental illness for attention either because if you've been on the receiving end of that it's so shitty and you don't know what they're really dealing with reach out to them be a good friend make sure they're good try to help them get help and just just be a good person thank you for letting me vent about this and if you want to add to the discussion make sure to comment below and subscribe to my channel it would help me a frick ton i am headed for 5 000 subscribers so it would mean a lot to me and i know most of this video wasn't me trying to really be funny but i really wanted to talk about it because mental health is very important to me and i would hate for people to get misdiagnosed and then not get the correct help that they need take care of each other okay bye make me wanna see where everybody's seeing you i keep hearing all these rumors about you i got my suspicions gotta see if it's true everybody wanna know who you are though everybody wanna know who you are and the more i think about it wanna fall from the stars i wanna meet who everybody talking

  Top Comments:
  1. @itsgabibelle [4300 likes]: Glad to see that this resonated with a lot of people! been getting a few comments recently that I want to address because I think it’s an important topic, forgive me if I didn’t include it in the script of this video bc i cant remember- I understand not everyone has access to professional mental health help, i didnt for a long time. my line of thinking here is that if you have access to TikTok, you also have access to the Internet to which you can look up articles written by professionals and psychologists about the diagnosis instead of self diagnosing from an anecdote from a random person on TikTok. if that anecdote inspires you to do more research, then that is fantastic. But just don’t stop at the TikTok thinking that random generic symptoms means you have a specific mental illness.

video from person 100x smarter than me: https://youtu.be/ZrZHCl7O-ew
  2. @D00DL3_ST4R_ALTACC [1 likes]: so when i think too hard i suddendly become non existent and forget who i am for atleast 5 miutes, is that dissotiation (sorry about my awful spelling, also just asking oit diagnosing myself)
  3. @Yake_san11037 [1 likes]: Hot take; 
People who REALLY has ADHD/Anxiety/Autism/BPD/OCD/Schizophrenia/Dyslexia etc usually masks it while people who DOESNT has those acts like they have these without knowing how much those things is making a human suffer
  4. @ChamomileLavenderTea [1 likes]: I do always feel like shit when ppl  say stuff about their adhd and ocd bc I actually have been diagnosed with all of that and it makes my life so much harder than ppl realize, to the point where I wanted to kms. And when I try to open up, like about my anxiety and depression, ppl js say I’m faking it for attention. At school I’m in this group for special needs to cope with it. It’s mostly for dyslexic ppl but they let me in bc I need extra help. Next year I won’t get that bc they think everyone is faking, and it’s caused by all of the TikToks. It’s horrible.
  5. @RiverRichards-c2v: I got diagnosed with ADHD at about 4
  6. @PĪXĖLATĖDTUUMORS: 5:33 I don't know if this counts as like something OF this topic, so if it isn't, ill correct it, but there was this one time I was at a sleepover and what I was seeing just wasn't processing in my mind, like I saw it, but my mind just didn't recognize it, the words that my (now ex) friends were saying I was hearing, but they felt like they were physically passing through my mind, my mind just felt really foggy, I do not see how people can call this quirky or funny as I had to go outside to calm down and get my head where I actually was, I was confused and scared in that rare moment that I don't think I'll truly forget until I'm grown.
  7. @Kyrryx: I find it weird how I can spend over 6 hours on a single thing and then never get back to it
  8. @YeahIDontKn0wEither: As a person with HFA, my eyes rolled into the back of my head watching other classmates going like "I have autism", "I have OCD", "I'm dyslexic" every time they failed a test back at 13-years-old. This was 2021, by the way.
  9. @Ash_3ats_b3anz: Theres a difference between zoning out an actually dissasociating. I zone out all the time. I think ive derealized/dissasociated/depersonalized before?? And its not fun. Everything feels fake, like some pre-scripted video game or a video youre just watching, not avtually there for, and you own body looks wrong and dispraportionate and its js not great
  10. @Botondkertész08: 2020 to 2022 tiktok was something else man
  11. @Silly_sauce333: I know im really late but i beleive i have a mental illness, i cant get diagmosed as its unsafe in my country as of now (people with autism and other mental illnesses are being forced to mask, sent to conversion therapy, and abusive camps) but i do beleive i have one, though, i refuse to put a name on it, and i will never say i have a certain mental illness until im safe enough to be officially diagnosed
  12. @lnzlouwho: So I am a child that has gone through a lot so when I tell someone “yea I have adhd autism anxiety and depression” they automatically think I’m faking (I’m not) ive gone and gotten myself diagnosed and those were the results! Also going through a depression “wave” as I call them but getting help rn
  13. @crutonman1547: people will do this but then act surprised when a depressed person stops showering or brushing their teeth or throwing away garbage in their room and then go 'ew thats disgusting'. Dawg, some people KILL themselves ToT why is all of that surprising in the slightest to you???
  14. @Domesticated-Buttcheeks: I recently saw a show about a patient that had self diagnosed as ADHD and DID. Only to find out when it was too late that it was a freaking brain tumor. A life that could have potentially been saved lost because of internet BS and the hype of self diagnosis.
  15. @caspergotlost: 7:48 I have serious face blindness issues so not going to guarantee, but if that is DissociaDID, there is a lot of drama and reasons to believe they don't have the diagnosis they claim, and should not be looked to as an example of a real presentation of DID.  I'm not going to get into it all, but there is actual evidence for them not having it, not just a normal internet drama starting fake-claiming thing
  16. @clairecreates13: As an autistic person, I remember when autism stopped being “trendy” and “quirky” and started being used as a insult by people my age. People went from taking online quizzes to see if they had autism too to using it as a synonym for being dumb or crazy. Both were incredibly annoying, but I’d rather someone be curious about a disorder than treating it like a joke.
  17. @OioiEsco: People who fake mental disorders for clout make me SICK! Their videos make me cringe so much my face became unidentifiable. These fakers are so childish and are just thirsting for the attention. (I just I wanted to vent for a bit. I just want to remind people who fake mental disorders that maybe you just didn’t see the harm it causes to fake mental disorders so it’s not your fault and you just wanted to do what everyone else was doing, but I just would like to kindly say that if you are curious about these mental disorders and you think you have them then pls go to a liscenced professional and don’t use random videos on the internet)
  18. @eisbar7681: 9:07 dissociation feels like being in a trance to me, you can't move you can't speak you can't even form a single thought you have become a doll for a moment. Sometimes I dissociate while crossing the road, I just stop walking, it's like I wouldn't be able to control or feel my own body anymore. I feel absolutely nothing for a moment, I know it sounds terrifying but that small moment of nothing between anxiety is actually a relief.
Most people find it terrifying and I wish I could understand them.

You know this feeling when you're d3pressed and your heart feels like somebody has put some weight on it? When you dissociate you can't even feel that weight anymore. I think it's a relief....


If you're wondering yes I am in contact with doctors. I don't self diagnose.
  19. @quyenvuong33: I hate how people say they have it for attention it’s a real problems  them only disorder I actually have that i know abt is dyslexia so even thoguh i dont have them its so bad its really hard for them and you are acting like its easy they only want attention
  20. @Sirly-B: 6:10 I have dissaciated many times before (Diagnosed ADD) and i dont find it as terrifying but thats because I cant hold a thought for more then a milisecond. I get what you mean that its terrifying from what i remember for when I snap back to reality. At first I thought it was overstimulation and now i learn from you that its dissasosiation, Thanks :D

- Reacting To "The Rise Of Foltyn": Kind: captions Language: en Guys, today we're going to be reacting to The Rise of Folton. All right, but anyways, uh this guy right here, Mr. Excellent, he actually made a rise of stake right here and the rise of Kais right here, which Kais already reacted to on his channel before. But now we have The Rise of Folton right here. And he actually just dropped it 7 hours ago. So guys, we're going to be watching it. We're going to see if it's accurate and see if he tells the truth about my life story. All right. So, uh, guys, before we start, if you're watching this right now, you're not subscribed, hit that subscribe button. And also, don't forget to like the video, too. All right. But, um, here we go. I'm ready. And you know what? We're just going to leave a like on it. Okay. I'm ready. I got my own video. I'm excited to watch it. Here we go. I'm nervous, too. All right. Here we go. >> A young kid with a dream. A dream to play football professionally and go to the NFL. >> Guys, I'm pausing it already, but um, yes, that was true. Before YouTube, my dream was to play football and try to go to the NFL. Unfortunately, that obviously didn't work, but I still love YouTube. I'm so grateful that it didn't work out actually because I feel like I'm more happier doing YouTube than I would have been like trying to go to the NFL. >> Every practice sacrifice that one goal for other plans, a new path opened up for him. A camera, a screen, a voice. >> This is so cool. >> And it changed his life forever. >> OH MY GOSH. This is like a movie about me, bro. Mr. Exant, you're goated. I'm going to subscribe to the channel. All right, W. But yeah, he's not wrong. YouTube has changed my life forever. You guys have helped me and my family out so much just by watching my videos. And I'm grateful for every single one of you. Thank you guys so much. But back to the video. I'm sorry for pausing it so much >> of Fton. >> Okay, sorry. >> Fton, whose full name is Kirsten Fton, began his journey on YouTube on March 8th of 2013. >> What picture is that? Is that even me? What the heck? Okay, that kind of looks like me. Oh my gosh. Wait, let me try to find the original picture. Okay, I don't know if he used AI or something in this video, but guys, this was actually me from a long time ago. You know, I'll put the picture on the screen right here. Okay, that's me as a kid. I'm cute. I know. All right, but um yeah, I don't know why I feel like I look weird right here. >> With a channel called Fluffy Bunny 108, he would begin by uploading a few Call of Duty videos. >> Dang, this was a secret channel. a video titled Harlem Shake where we can see young Fulton dancing. >> Okay, a lot of you guys don't know this, but yeah, this is like my first YouTube channel ever. And this is me right here. And this is actually my friend Clay. This is my brother. This is Chex. And my sister is right here. All right. So, um, yeah. Kind of crazy. And this is one of my cousins. Oh my gosh. 12 years ago, bro. I'm getting old. I'm getting old. >> He later created the channel Fluffy Luck on August of that same year, now called Kirstston Fton. And he would continue to upload Call of Duty clips and videos on this channel as well. >> Hey guys, Fluffy Luck here. New kind of video today. Not any kind of normal video. No, not any kind of normal. >> Uh, that's me. That's cringe. That's cringe. Bro, it kind of sounds like I do my intros the same. Like, hey, what's going on guys? Fton here and we're doing a video. Not any kind of video yet. You know what I'm saying? Like listen to me. >> No, not any kind of normal video. Look at this. Look at your screen. Now back to me. I'm just kidding. Look at the screen. It's ghost. >> Growing up, Fton didn't have it easy. At a young age, his parents separated, so he ended up moving a lot. He would never stay in one school for more than 2 years. And due to this, Folultton struggled making friends growing up. In school, he would soon get called the nickname 44 because he wasn't exactly too tall. Later on, he wanted to sign up to play football. But when signing up, the coaches looked at his mom and said, "Are you sure you want to let him play?" >> That is true, guys. The coaches were actually worried for me because I was so small. Like guys, I was like really small younger. I'm not the tallest now, but bro, if you saw me when I was younger, you'd be like, "Bro, is that is he in kindergarten?" I don't know. But yeah, the coaches told my parents it might be dangerous for me to play football. >> Don't want him getting hurt. I'm like kidding, bro. He did not have to do my boy Fton like that. Regardless, Dad didn't stop Fton from signing up. Was his football number and he wears a chain with that number occasionally. >> Yep. I still wear it. I literally I've worn this chain every day for like since in high school. I've never taken it off. It's actually crazy how long I've worn this. That's literally my favorite number. >> Fton would grind football a lot. >> What the Wait, that looks so cool. Sadly, after a while, because of all the bullying Fulton faced, he thought about giving up, but his mom told him not to give up. She motivated him, and he decided he would work hard and make everything in his life about football. His routine became wake up, train, eat, sleep, and repeat. And he would do this consistently every single day. >> Yep, that's me, bro. This was me training. Oh my gosh, I had some fast feet. Did you see that? I was like, "No." Yeah, I was fast, guys. Trust me. Oh my gosh, the AI picture looks so weird. By the way, guys, should I bring this back? Do I uh make my like hair blonde again? Do I bring it back? Comment down below. Let me know what you think. >> Adrian College and got a scholarship there. >> Oh, yeah. Oh, wait. That's kind of fake. That's kind of a lie. I will say that. Um, I did go to Adrian College. Hold on, let me show you. I did go to Adrian College, but I did not get a scholarship there. I actually ended up dropping out. Okay, so yeah, I I never graduated college, actually. But that doesn't mean you shouldn't either. Okay. All right, guys. Get your education. >> Scholarship there. >> It circle me. Oh, yeah. Speedy Gonzalez. >> Look at me. Go. >> He's going deep. >> Boom. Give me that. >> Yeah, that was me. >> I'm running. I'm running. He can't catch me. Oh, you want the ball? You want the ball? I can't get it, buddy. Touchdown. Touchdown, buddy. See, guys, if I didn't do YouTube, I'd be I'd probably be in the NFL right now. Okay. >> Sadly, this wasn't a D1 school, which wasn't good because Fton really wanted to get into the NFL. He had trained a lot, but his coach told him he should have focused on a D1 school if he wanted to get into the NFL. He decided he would work towards that. But around this time, they sent everyone back home to quarantine due to the pandemic. And Volton could have taken a break, but instead he decided to give YouTube a try once again. >> This is when it started. >> What's that? >> Sorry about the ad, guys. Back to the video. But yeah, what he's saying is true. I dropped out of college and then that's when like the sickness started going around and I was just home by myself like everybody was you know in lockdown and uh that's when I started this channel Fulton. >> So he created the channel Fton on July 7th of 2021 and he put the same energy and work he had put into football straight into YouTube. He started by making videos like Roblox would you rather, how to build a PC, a night test video, Arsenal, and a few Bedw Wars videos and eventually Bedwars. I missed bedwars so much. >> 50,000 views. >> Hey guys, Fton here. I'm just kidding about that. Here is my setup that I promised you guys for 1,000 subscribers. It is actually insane. I'm going to put everything I have in the description. >> He couldn't believe it. >> Bro, this is so crazy to watch, bro. It's actually so crazy. It actually makes me realize like how far I've came because guys, look, this was me and my brother's room. This was his setup and this was my setup on the left. We shared the same room and we shared the same bed. All right, not in a weird way, but yeah, it was just one bed. Bro, this room right here brings back so many memories, >> guys. >> Oh my gosh, look at the webcam I used. That's so crazy, bro. Look, my setup went from this to Hold on, let me record to this. This is what the setup's looking like right now. So, it definitely was an upgrade. All right. And I see you guys. What's up? Hello. >> Put everything I have in the description. >> He couldn't believe it. He kept uploading Bedwars videos daily. And >> Bedwars was my life, guys. I'm sure a lot of you guys know. >> Supreme and Mini Boxia. >> No, not your driver's license. >> The boat license. >> Oh, you have one? >> Yeah. >> You have a boat license? >> Yeah. You have to get You have to get a boat license to do this. >> Really? >> Over time, he started gaining lots of attention with his Bedwars videos and 100,000 subscribers. >> Woo! What the? >> Oh, this is when I got received my plaque for you. Oh, >> bro. Oh my gosh. Want >> to take a picture, mama? >> As time went by, >> bro. This is actually crazy. This is actually a make tears to my eyes. >> Bedwars is so fun. Bedwars. >> I remember that was my first song. Thanks to this, he got more and more popular within the Roblox bedwars community. Later on, he decided to move into a house with mini blossia and tap water in order to make more content for his audience on a YouTube channel called TMF. >> Yes, I will say this though, this is how it went. I lived with my mom and then I got an apartment with my friend Clay and then after that we moved into a house in Orlando with Minnie and Tap and Clay and then we ended up moving to Vegas. So, it was still a lot of moving. >> Welcome. >> And that's when we created TMF. Yep. In Vegas. MF house. >> We just moved in last night, bro. >> I remember that real life meet up with some of their fans. >> YF, >> I remember that, man. That's crazy. >> That is crazy. Guys, wait. Should I do another meet and greet? Comment down below. What do you guys think? Should I do like another meet and greet uh somewhere here where I live in like Miami? I feel like that'd be kind of cool. >> Over time, the crew each went their own separate ways. Fton kept the YouTube grind going. He created several new channels such as the Kay Fultton channel. I have a lot of YouTube channel and Rob Bros. Over time, Bedwars started to lose its player base. So, Fton had to move on to other games. >> Bladeball. >> Today, I'm going to BE PLAYING ROBLOX BLADEBALL. I remember every time I die, >> then grow a garden. >> Today, I'm going to be starting over and I'm going to try and go from zero to kind of now. And most recently, steal a brain rot starting over on a brand new account. >> Hold on. We're going to clap it up for Sammy. Thank you Sammy for starting Still a Brain Rot because that exploded like the channel. It's like insane. And Bladeball. Bladeball was like the first explosion and then Still a Brain Rot. So yeah, thank you Bladeball and Still Brain. Still a try and go from $0 all the way up to a trillion dollars. >> Over the years, he's gotten the opportunity to collab with other big YouTubers. >> I did. That's crazy. >> Fanny, >> look at me. I'm an actor now, guys. Oh, aren't you that Fton Blaze guy? >> Yeah, I'm that guy. Duh. That's me, right? I'm Fton. You know, >> today I am surviving 99 nights in a forest with my friend. >> This video was actually fun to do. >> Racking up millions, and I mean millions of views. >> Literally, all you had to do is go back to the truck. >> Yeah, I know. >> And you messed that up, state. You messed that up. Look at me. >> List you. You Fton has without a doubt come a very very long way and it wasn't luck. I mean he uploads on each of his channels so often. I'm shocked. Combined it's like 5 million views a day. Like sheesh. Thanks to Fton's dedication and >> the Fton family. You can't beat us. All right. That is crazy. We do get a lot of views. It's actually insane. >> Hard work. He's been able to accomplish great things and buy his mom new cars. Something he promised her when he was younger. >> Yep. I bought you a car. >> No, you didn't. >> Yes, I did. >> I remember this, bro. >> Ever since I was a kid, I always wanted to do something like this. >> Oh my goodness. >> You want to come look at it? >> What the? >> A few final facts about Fton would be that he used to do this little dance in Bedwars that went something like this, >> bro. No, no, no, no. Uhhuh. >> Guys, do I bring that dance back? >> Sadly, he doesn't do it anymore. and his nickname is Tony. At least from what y'all have told me. And >> let's not bring that up. All right. For some reason, Kayla mistake, they call me Tony. I don't Bro, my name's not Tony. All right, Kayla Stake, if you're watching this, stop it. All right, my name's not Tony. >> Yeah, that's pretty much all the info I could find on Bolton. So, with that being said, I hope you guys all have an excellent day, >> bro. That was awesome. That was an awesome video. Wait, what the what the heck? These are actual pictures of me. Oh my gosh. Dang. That's crazy. Oh my gosh. That's actually crazy. Oh my gosh. You never know how far you'll go. Oh my goodness, guys. This is going to be bring a tear to my eye. I'm not going to lie. That's crazy, man. I was a cute kid. Oh my gosh, I was handsome from the beginning. >> Wait, is there more pictures? >> Hey guys, I just wanted to let y'all know that I am really thankful for all the support that y'all keep giving me. Um, >> hey W, I'm not going to lie. Uh, I'm not going to watch the rest of this, but no. Excellent. That was actually a really good video. Um, you did a lot of research on this. I could tell you definitely put like a lot of work into this video. So, of course, I'm commenting W banger video and my name is not Tony. Lol. All right. Oh my gosh, that's fire. Hold. Let me read the comments. Um, here before Fton watches this. Hey, he's not lying. He definitely was cuz I just finished. Yes, there's a video about Tony. NO, MY NAME'S NOT TONY. STOP. It's not Tony. W video about Tony, bro. Are you kidding? Be ready for Fton to post his video of watching it. Yep, guys. You're watching right now. But, uh, yeah, guys, that's going to be it for today. If you enjoyed, make sure you hit that like and subscribe button and w Mr. Excellent W videos. Seriously, I really appreciate that a lot. But um yeah, I hope you guys enjoyed. I love you guys. Thank you so much for watching. And I'm Bolton. And I'm

  Top Comments:
  1. @RezaZa-c9x [1 likes]: caylus
😅
  2. @lyraclarito3076 [1 likes]: Urhriiejt0
  3. @ayshafahim3237: W TONY
  4. @songulbal4420: YES FOLTYN ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
  5. @sophieware5590: Yes   tea    Foten🖤🖤🖤🖤🖤🖤🖤🖤🖤🖤🖤🖤🤍🤍🤍🤍🤍🤍🤍🤍🤍🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰😘😘😘
  6. @DiahLufts: Idjvdnnmds🎉😂mxxxrkeskenemsldnldmslsrtrjrnnnnrrldmdmmdmd
Kddffyfkw
  7. @EmmaSofiaHansen: yes
  8. @sanyaadil3484: Ww❤❤❤foltiyn sad story
  9. @bb_einstein: He sub
  10. @Md.Suruzzaman-h9f: Hi Tony👋
  11. @OSCE2026: HELLO TONY NICE TO MEET U
  12. @LitoLozano-h7f: Mr.eggcrllent is good
  13. @PraiseBG: w
  14. @aderonkeowolade9254: Ih
  15. @MariaMadrid-u3c: No
  16. @Crrrazykid: Who ever likes foltyn
👇👇
  17. @IrmaMendz: Euye8yr7 the 7t4754756
  18. @LekhaSunil-g5g: Toy
  19. @NasserAlNasser-k2r: Tony
  20. @poyafamily1957: Foto
❤❤❤❤ 😮😮😮😮😮😮😮

- The 'Younger' Cast Reacts to Millennial Trends | Harper's BAZAAR: Kind: captions Language: en I'm Sutton Foster. I'm Miriam Shor. My name is Nico Tortorella. I'm Hilary Duff. And we are the cast of Younger. Yes. And we are here to talk about some new trends. Young trends. Or just trends. Younger trends. Right. Oh I love them. I love that the sneaker is like a thing. Yes! Cause I've been walking around malls in sneakers for so long. I know, you cant work out in them. And they're still like $1000. That's the same price as a really nice boot. That is the part that is a little bit ridiculous. It's tribal, I like it. Alright. I don't want to do it but if someone else did it I love a bitch brow. Give it to me. This one loves a brow. No. I'm into it. Windows? Windows, not to the soul but to the knees. Windows to the knees. I don't like it. It's a little too precise. I feel like Nico would wear it. Is it vinyl? Yeah, I would absolutely wear it. That's a sweaty knee though. I'm here for it. Is that person going directly to the gym. I think I'm too old for this. You would look great in that, are you kidding? That is like built for your body. By the way I'm wearing that, just under here. That doesn't look right. Braided. Yeah. That's not real. I love any thwarting of the beauty ideal. Like anything that takes something thats supposed to be beauty and kind of makes it ugly And like pushes it back in your face I like. I don't like the word "thwart" and "beauty" together. What? "Thwart" and "beauty". Thats the name of my beauty line THWART! Awwww Crocs! The Balenciaga Crocs Nah, that's a no for me. Wait, really? Yeah, they're cute. I like them. I don't mind. No! I already don't like anything on my nails anyway. It looks warty. Oh yeah. Ohhhhhh Who is this? Gigi Hadid. We now it looks good on that. So hot. Yeah it looks good on that. That looks- That looks like you put a lot of pink lipstick on and then you ate a pizza. And it bled. And that was.. What are we looking at? Oh the tiny glasses. I wear those all the time. John Lennon! So cute! I like the top right ones. Those are cute. I think they're cute. I think they're so cute. I would totally do that. Oh my god by the way I cant imagine taking time out of my schedule to add this into my beauty regime. Car seat skirt? No, that's not a car seat, its like a- It's a car mat! Car mat skirt. It'd be perfect for a rainy day. Or like a heavy day. You know what? Heavy day!

  Top Comments:
  1. @Fatma-ws1et [30 likes]: “I’m wearing that but just under here” 😂😂😂
  2. @commsfreerp [11 likes]: This show could have gone on for many more seasons. Loved it
  3. @astrocutie37 [9 likes]: I love how Nico knew who all the pictures were of "is that Kylie" "oh Gigi"
  4. @Fatma-ws1et [5 likes]: seeing how each person reacts depending on their age is so funny to me 😂
  5. @emanuelfernandes4801 [5 likes]: "Is that Kylie" a legend recognizing another
  6. @xoxoPilar [4 likes]: How does one find Nico and make him my best friend?
  7. @HorrorMovieScreamQueen13 [3 likes]: I just started watching "younger"  and I can't get enough of Nico, he's so cute!!!
  8. @maninchair6648 [3 likes]: Sutton's not impressed!
  9. @MaurahMuhalia [3 likes]: i just loooooooooooove miriam for a weird reason i have no idea of
  10. @nehajana386 [2 likes]: Oh my gawd the cast of younger is soooo fun!😂😂😂😂
  11. @laurmkohl [2 likes]: "I've definitely rocked that by accident" about the messed up eyebrows, mood
  12. @bloojkl4520 [1 likes]: I love this show and the whole cast is amazing!!
  13. @brendashenda4249: all talking over each other.....ugh
  14. @lsimon343: Sorry I never liked that show 😂
  15. @nithiyaarada: What are we looking at 😂😂😂
  16. @mish1645: You see who's generation has no patience for nonsense and who has.
  17. @dianeblaylock6697: I wish Debi Mazar would have been here I just love how her beautiful face lights up a room!
  18. @lisabianchi5268: Are these millennial trends?
  19. @yummybros6356: Love it they are the precious same in real life 😘
  20. @heavenlygal101: Love this and this cast of a tv show I don't watch.
I need to watch Younger, like yesterday.

- The Low Maintenance Trend Feels Like Pressure: Kind: captions Language: en Here are some high maintenance things that I do in order to stay low maintenance because I'm lazy and I don't want to wear makeup every single day. The first thing I do and probably the biggest tip I could ever give you is to dye your eyebrow and to specifically dye your eyebrows with men's beard dye. It will make your eyebrows look so full, so thick. Fill in any of those sparse areas. All I use is the Just for Men's beard dye in the shade M30 and apply the solution to my eyebrows, focusing on the outer half of my eyebrows. The solution develops super fast, so if you put it on the front of your brows, they're going to turn into like 2016 block brows, so leave those to the end. I leave the dying solution on for a total of 5 minutes with only 1 minute on the front of my brows. And then I just wipe it away with some myicellar water on a towel. And bam, you'll have perfect brows that don't need to be filled in for 2 weeks. The next high maintenance thing that I love to do is to do my own threading and waxing at home. And I actually map out my brows using the Tik Tok eyebrow filter. I linked it below so you can try it out as well. And that's literally my secret for how I get almost identical brows every single time at home. Honestly, learning how to do your own brows at home. Number one saves you so much money. But number two, your brows will always look so good. And brows are so important for actually framing your face and it just makes you look so good without needing any makeup. Okay, the next high maintenance thing I do is actually dye my eyelashes black. And I specifically use eyelash dye, not beard dye. I made sure to link the exact eyelash dye in my Amazon storefront so you guys can find it. But all I do is I just mix the solution together following the instructions and put it on my eyelashes for up to 10 minutes. And if you haven't tried this out yet, you need to. It will make your lashes look so long, so thick, you won't even need mascara on a daily basis. Okay, last thing I do is a quick lip stain. I do these every single day. Again, I got this one on Amazon. I have the exact color linked. It's a Sachu lip liner. And it just gives your lips some pigment that lasts all day through eating, through drinking, through kissing, through whatever. And bam, that's the final result with no makeup on. It just makes me feel so confident, so good, and ready to take on the day. Hey guys, welcome or welcome back to my YouTube channel, and thank you so much for clicking on this video. If you don't know who this girl is, my name is Asanu and don't forget to hit the like and subscribe button and let's get this video started. So, in today's video, we're going to be talking about high maintenance to be low maintenance and just to see how other people view being high maintenance just to be low maintenance. And stick around for my opinion. And don't forget to leave a comment down below. How do you feel about this topic? Do you relate to it? Do you participate in it? Do you not participate in it? Yeah. So, let's get started. Um, I've been thinking about this and maybe it's just me, you know, but I but I don't really believe you have to be high maintenance to be low maintenance. Sometimes less effort feel more peaceful and that's enough for me. Like I get the concept behind it and it's about investing in yourself now so that later on everything look less effortless like you just woke up looking like this. But everybody know that's not like the re the reality of life you know. Nobody just wake up looking less effortless, but that you want to give the illusion that you woke up and it took less effort for you to look how you look. And I get it, you know, honestly that works for some people, but I've realized that it's just not my style. It's just not my style. Like, is it your style? Is it not your style? And so that in the comment section, these are all the high maintenance things I do on a weekly basis to say low maintenance. I'm very much a do-it-yourself kind of girl, so of course I do all my own maintenance. And as usual, I'm going to start off with my eyebrows. By the way, in part one and part two, you guys constantly told me to use beard dye instead of eyebrow dye. And I would just love to thank you all because that beard dye, it really, really did. It's big one. Like, it tinted my eyebrows perfectly. After I tinted my eyebrows, I just went in with some hair remover to clean up my brows cuz my brows were so hairy, guys. It's been a month since I've done my maintenance. I know I said I do it weekly, but I did not have any time this month to do my maintenance. But of course, after I finish my eyebrows, I'm just going to wash my face and remove my lashes. By the way, I also did dermiplane my face, but I did not record any of it. I've also started using these teeth whitening strips. I've realized my teeth are starting to become stained because I literally drink coffee like every morning. So, I've stopped drinking coffee as much and I started using these strips. I've not noticed a huge difference just yet. I've only just started using them. So, I'm going to give it a chance. For my lashes, I just used length 13 to 11 because that's all I had left. And of course, being my own nail tech, had to do my nails because they were so crusty. Like, I've not done my nails in over a month, y'all. This is bad. They were breaking and everything. So, I just decided to cut them down and start fresh. And I used acrylic this time. My last video as well. You guys were asking about what I used. I used BB gel. I just feel like it helps with nail growth and strengthening your nail, but I had to use acrylic this time because my nails are all broken and I just hate it. Obviously, acrylic is stronger than biabel. So, it's a better option if your nails are quite weak and tend to break. And because I left my nails on so long, they were definitely weak and broken. And as usual, for the past 6 months, I've been doing a French tip cuz I love French tip. You can never go wrong with it. I usually do my toes as well, but I didn't have time to do it today. That's going to be for another day. Bye guys. High maintenance things. I do it once a week. So, the rest of my week is low maintenance. Don't come at me for the last one. Obviously, I need a fresh set every single week. When you do your nails from your own home, you're not having to travel outside in the elements and drop a pretty penny on a beautifully done set of acrylics. So, you then start giving yourself a fresh set every single week because it's cheaper and it's more efficient. I use Hello Love Press on nails. It takes me like 10 minutes to apply and I have a beautiful set for the rest of the week. You think I'm doing makeup every single day? Absolutely not. I slap some lashes on once a week. Takes me 10 minutes and I'll have these on for the entire week. So that way I roll out of bed and I don't got to do a single thing to my face. I got these plasted in. Having a good set of lashes that look nice and natural elevates your entire look. Instant glow up. If you want to own your palness, I love that for you. Honestly, it's such a non-toxic thing. I on one hand do not like to own my palness. I need a nice glue. I don't wear makeup. I need to do something and that is sana. I've gone through many iterations of self-tanner and it just all becomes a little bit too much. I'm a little bit too lazy for these like mits and the spray tans and this and that. I found a selftanner that you literally just spray on. You wait like 1 to 2 minutes, then you just put your clothes right back on. No wash off, no rubbing. If I get a little close, I'll rub it in. But you can't say that's not a good glow. If we do get a little splotchy, I don't care. I like to not be pale. And then I only wash my hair once a week. That don't come for me. If you don't want to wash your hair once a week, that is fine. I don't want to wash my hair every day, so that is fine. It actually keeps your hair healthier cuz you're not going to have to put so much heat on it. In order to preserve my style for 7 days, I'm using sleepy tie. So, either the sleepy tie, which will preserve like a sleek look or a blowout look, or I'll go in with the curly tie to get overnight curls that last for days. This becomes more of like a daily thing. I'll put either of these in at night and then I wake up, take it out, brush my hair out maybe, and then I'm good to go. We're going to make sure that you're rolling out of bed 6 days out of the week, not having to do a single thing. You just put it on your clothes. Maybe perhaps you just want to stay in your pajamas and you're going to be able to do that and then you're good to go for the rest of the day. Look at how much time I'm saving you and money. You're welcome. Why is it so hard sometimes to schedule a beauty service once you become a mom? Not only do you have to find someone to watch your kids, but you're paying for the service and for the time if someone else is coming to watch your kids. Anyway, so here's my high maintenance routine to be low maintenance for the week. I start off with dermiplaning and then sanitizing afterwards. No, my hair does not grow back thicker when I do this. Then, while my eyebrow wax is setting, I start to prep my nose waxing stuff. These wax strips are super affordable, super easy to use. I don't always do the nose waxing, but sometimes when I just have so many hairs up there I need to get out, I just, you know. Then, while those set, I trim my eyebrow hairs because you never know when baby's going to wake up. So, we use our time as efficiently as possible. And I swear every time I pull these out, it hurts so bad. Well, not really, but only for like a second. And some people say, "Oh, you need your nose hairs." Well, right now I don't. And then I just trim the insides in case I missed any. Pluck any remaining eyebrow hairs. I found this really affordable Korean lash and brow tint. Some people use the men's beard dye, but I find this to be easier. I also do have a brow lamination kit, but I just didn't really have time to do it. This week, I didn't really want to apply mascara every day. So, these 10day lash extensions, they're from Pro Lash, are amazing. They're so easy to apply. And I let my eyebrow dye sit for about 10 minutes and then take that off and then do the other eye. These are the volume shorty wispies because they look so much like my natural ones. 1 hour whitening strips and then a face tan and a body tan. I love these ones cuz they're gradual. So, I can just put it on throughout the day and it doesn't transfer on anything. No extra rinsing either. And I'm on the hunt to find good press on nails. So, if you have any recommendations, let me know. These are day two heatless curls and I just do these throughout the week. Here are all of my high maintenance things I do to stay low maintenance. I love taking care of myself, but I also am extremely busy and lazy. So, here are all the things I do to get ahead of it. I fake tan every Thursday. It's Tuesday, that's why I look pale. Every Thursday, I use Bondi Sands. I sleep in it and I wash it off in the morning. So simple, and it lasts pretty much the whole week. I use the Crest 3D whitening strips. I learned this when I was really young. I don't know who said this to me, but they said that if you the white of your eyes matches the white of your teeth, it makes you look prettier because it's a sign of like good health and youth and things like that. So, I always make sure that my teeth match the color of my eyes down so you could see, but I wash my hair every 8 to 10 days. Know that's kind of crazy, but this is day seven hair. This is the dry shampoo I use. But I promise you, like when you start waiting to wash your hair, your hair will just like train itself and it won't need to be washed as often. And then when I do wash it, I double shampoo condition. When it's wet, I will drench it in this. It's a 10 leave-in conditioner and the Ollex oil. And I will blow it out. And that will kind of last me pretty much the whole week. Obviously, like wash day is coming up, so the p the last few days I kind of just deal with it. And then for face, these two I'll use them like once a week. maybe these a little more often. These are the topical eye patches. And then this is the Medicube pink collagen mask. It's so good. I use this like about once a week and I'll leave it on for like a few hours. For my face, I get my eyebrows threaded every 2 weeks. I get my nails done every 3 4 weeks. I have lip filler, a lip flip, and masser Botox. These obviously are like way longer in between, but best thing I ever done I've ever done. And I don't even want to like promote it, but it really is the best thing I've ever done. especially my lips cuz my lips were literally paper thin. This boosts my confidence by 100,000. And then the Master Botox just slims my jaw. Of course, I exercise five times a week. All of those 5 days I'm weightlifting because weightlifting is so so good for you. It sculpts your body. One, two, it's good for longevity. It's good for bone health. It's good for your like it's good for everything. Obviously, eat a lot of food. I eat a lot of food. Fats, carbs, proteins. I eat everything and I drink a lot of water. Sleep is also so important. Sleep pretty well. I've never had to like take melatonin or anything. Like luckily, I'm just so exhausted by the end of the day that I just knock out. Last night, for example, I was just tossing and turning for hours, and I just feel like today was not feeling as good. So, that's why I'm ready for bed at 7:00 p.m. Pretty much everything I do, I feel like that's kind of a lot. It's like spaced out where it doesn't feel like I'm constantly doing stuff. Okay. So, what do you guys think about the video so far? Um, like I was saying, like the looking the high maintenance just below maintenance is not my style. You know, I don't like spending hours maintaining myself just so I can wake up looking polished. I kind of just go with the flow. You know, I'm the person that goes with the flow. I wake up my hair. I look at my hair. I look at I look in the mirror and I'm like, "Okay, you know what? Today I want to look I want my hair to look like this. Today I don't feel like wearing blush. today I don't feel like doing this that then I just go with the flow you know it just depend how I'm feeling that day and I don't want to be like just stuck with one look like if you do something ahead of time then you just tackle that one look it's like you have to go with whatever whatever like you have to go whatever you did in the past you have to go whatever your basically just have to go go with whatever you like been doing your maintenance you have to go whatever you prepped but I feel like if I go with the flow then Whatever I'm feeling in the moment is whatever I'm feeling in the moment. Like I don't like spending hours like just trying to look a certain way when I could just wake up and go with whatever I'm feeling that day. And there are some days I look put together. There are some day I do minimums. There are some day I'm okay with just waking up with my hair mess. And someday I'm okay with that. Some days I just want to like just wake up and put a hat on and I don't care about looking put published. And I I keep saying publish polish. Like I don't care about looking polished. I don't care about what like people think about me. I don't want people to look at me and be like, "Oh yeah, she's put together all the time." Because I know that's not reality. I'm not put together all the time. There are days like my lips are chapped. There are days my eyebrows are like overgrown. And I just go with the flow, you know? To me like real low maintenance isn't about being isn't about doing like secret work behind the scene. It's about being comfortable being at peace and not feeling that pressure to mean a trend which I feel like the high maintenance to low maintenancing is a trend like everybody's trying to participate in it and like trends never last. You should do something that you know you could like keep up with something you feel comfortable doing something that's going to bring you peace. And to some people that's been high maintenance. And to some people it's just waking up and going with the flow. And like sometimes the whole high maintenance thing to low maintenance feel like it's just another standard to live up to. Like do you guys think is part of is going to be do you guys think it's going to be like another standard in life? Like the high maintenance or low maintening? Is it like a standard that most people is going to like try to keep up with? And I honestly I don't need that. like I don't need that in my life. I do not follow trends. Like I said, I don't follow trend. I just go whatever I'm feeling in the moment. And I've learned that it I've learned that I've learned that I can feel good without like strict routine. It's about ease and effort. I think the most important thing is you are doing it for yourself. Like I'm always going to ask this question like if you ever do anything in life, are you doing it for yourself or are you doing it for somebody else? If you're doing it for yourself, then go ahead do the high maintenance to the low maintenance. But if you're doing it just to please people on the internet that you don't even know, then you're doing it for a really bad reason. Like, so what do you guys think about the high maintenance to be low maintenance? So far, uh, for me, like I said, I go with the flow. I'm the person that wake up and do whatever I feel like doing in the moment. That's that's that's just how I go through life. Just go with the flow. And if something require like a routine, then I get a routine. If something require planning, then I get a planning. But when it comes to my beauty and how comfortable I feel, I just feel like I I cannot stick to one thing, you know? I wake up and I want to like have my hair in the afro. I want to have my hair in the afro. I want to straighten my hair. I want to straighten my hair. But if I straighten my hair every single day ahead of time and then I'm like now I'm like stuck with that straighten hair and I want to do afro like dang, what do I do now? I don't know. But yeah, what do you guys think? Don't forget to um like and subscribe and let's finish out the video. Let's talk about all the things that I do that are high maintenance to stay low maintenance. We're going to start with the things that I do at home. First, dermiplaning. I do it once every 3 weeks. It removes dead skin cells and baby hair all over my face. My skin feels so smooth and my makeup goes so much better after I do dermiplaning. Next, laser hair removal. I have a lot of hair all over my body, so this is a must for I'm not going to lie, I get a lot of questions about my teeth. I did professional whitening about 3 years ago, and now I maintain it at home with whitening strips. Brow elimination is non-negotiable for me. I get my brows eliminated every 3 months. This honestly saves me so much time doing my makeup, and my brows always look so good and put together. Also, every four months, I get a haircut to get rid of dead ends so my hair can grow healthier. Plus, we do hair toning and hair gloss. It brings the color back to my hair, and it makes my hair shinier and softer, and I love that. Another non-negotiable for me is getting my nails done every single month. I know it's not a major thing, but it saves a lot of time and it makes me feel neat and put together all the time. And last but not least, I'm trying to be more consistent with facials. If you have clogged pores, this is the best thing that you can do for your face. You probably will purge for a few days, but your skin will thank you for it later. I promise you all the high maintenance things I do to be low maintenance because unfortunately I don't wake up like this. Number one is eyelash extensions. I do this every 3 weeks. I used to do every two weeks and I just changed it to two because I like to keep mine a little more classic and natural now. But yes, if you're not ready to do eyelash extensions and you still want that look, try eyelash lifts. I actually just saw another mom the other day and she just had a lips. Her eyes look so good. It really did change her whole appearance. Two on the list is Botox. I do Botox every 6 to 8 months, usually 8 months. But I love the way it makes my skin look. It gives me like this natural glow. Obviously, it takes away my wrinkles. I don't overdo it with the Botox. I just do a little bit on my forehead, a little bit on my chin, and then I also do here on my jaw, and I feel like it works wonders. Three is I just do natural Gel X nails instead of doing gel manicures because it simply just lasts longer. I could go like 5 weeks with a Gel X set. And I just think it's so much easier to maintain. I don't have to go to the nail salon every two weeks. And honestly, they still look good after a month. Also, a good alternative if you don't want to go to nail salon, just do the press on nails. I've been seeing some girls wear press on nails and they look so good. Number four is I do an at home teeth whitening kit. I just use the Crest whitening strips. I think they work great. They're just really easy to use. All you have to do is be consistent, but you don't need to spend the extra money going to the dentist and getting them professionally whitened. I think you get the same exact results with the ones at home. The last thing on the list, which is new to my list that I've been seeing really good results with, is the red light therapy. I've actually just been going to a new place that opened up down the street from my house. I've been laying in one of those red light therapy beds. But not only does my body feel so much better physically. I'm recovering faster after workouts, but I've noticed a big improvement on my skin. I used to have these really dark spots all over my face just because I used to have big outbreaks with acne. And I feel like it's cleared up my skin a lot. It just changed the texture of my skin. And I'm actually going to be investing in one of those red light therapy masks so I can just use those at home. If there's anything you do that's high maintenance that helps you be low maintenance and let me know if you want a part two. Bye ladies. Okay, so I'm realizing I too do a lot of high maintenance things to remain low maintenance. >> Except this time I was definitely going through an identity crisis. First of all, I literally just moved so I had to go to a completely new nail salon. And I've been going to an at home nail tag for the last 2 years. So, I'm not going to lie, I was definitely nervous. Not only that, but I decided not to do my signature almond nails and instead get short square nails. I just feel so much cleaner and more put together with them. And I'm also very proud to say these are all my natural nails. Oh my god. And I also switched to bio gel from acrylic. Definitely keep you guys updated with my entire experience with this. Up next, we had hair. I'd love to tell you guys I had like a signature haircut I do. But I really don't. I'm just a recovering bleach addict. No. Like seriously, after being bleach blonde for the last 2 years, my hair was fried. But I can finally say the hair mask and the oiling is actually working cuz my hair is getting a lot healthier these days. I've just been itching to switch up my look. So, I decided to go with Bang. I'm still like 50/50 on them. Half the time I hate them and half the time I love them. Like I don't know if they suit me yet. We just refresh my layers with the slightest trim on the ends. Up next we have my skin. After finishing Accutane a couple months ago, I've been really working on my hyperpigmentation and scarring. I've been recommended to do micro needling by almost everyone at this point, so I finally did it. And honestly, it wasn't that painful, but the results were 1,000% worth it. I definitely see improvement in my dark marks and especially the texture. I personally had a lot of that pitted scar. I also feel like my skin was just a lot more glowy after, especially being the depths of winter like this. And we have brows, which are arguably my favorite service to get done. And it's because I feel like it just makes the biggest difference. Like it completely frames your face. I only ever let brow go touch my brows. Three years ago, I did powder ombre brows, which was like the best decision I ever made. So now I just go in every other month to get a lamb and a clean. Now we have my professional pedicures. And I always call them professional because my feet need professional help. Again, I will only let the toe Picasso ever touch my toe. And that's because she actually knows what she's doing when it comes to your feet, especially someone like me that goes on runs a lot. Actually going to be running my third half marathon in New York. But when I'm not training, we just do a light overlay and usually friendships. And last, but definitely not least, my lashes. I've been in love with this lash cluster style lash. It's like a wet spiky anime set. I don't know how to describe. I just feel like it's so pretty without overtaking your entire eyelid. And I always have the best lash nap. So, this is like my favorite thing to get done. I've been seeing this everywhere. This is everything I do that's high maintenance in order to stay low maintenance. I'm going to go in the order of most invasive to least invasive. First is filler and Botox. I've been getting my lips done for about 3 years now, and I exclusively go to Hermosa for everything. I probably touch up my lips like maybe once a year. And every time I get touched up, I'm doing less than.5. I've also had chin filler done once. I got it done like 6 months ago and I love it. I feel like this in combination with master Botox makes your face look so snatched. I also get Botox in my nostrils and my forehead. I don't do it as often, but I love a little brow lift and the nostrils help slim your nose. I've also gotten parapform filler recently for my smile lines. Sounds like a lot of injections, but honestly, I'm doing it over the course of years. And I definitely wait longer than the recommended time before going for a touch-up. The next thing you might have seen is nose slimming. I get this done when I go to London because they only have it there. So, it's definitely not regular only when I'm in the city, but I go to Dr. Katy. I like how it makes my nose look a little less inflamed, but obviously the difference is not like a nose job. You guys know I love my lash extensions. I get a foam maybe once a month. I try to take really good care of them so they don't fall out quickly. I go to Sierra at LashCod in Yorkville. I get volume decurl. Maximum length is like 16 and lots of spikes. I also get my hair dye blue black and trimmed at Lisa Den hair salon. I should be getting a trim more often, but I just come back when my hair is like starting to fade. My natural hair is a tinge of brown and I love the way the jet black looks. For the cut, we do long face framing pieces and lots of long layers. I also like to get my hair thinned out because my hair is really thick and frizzy. Also, her blowouts are amazing. my nails done maybe once every 3 to 4 weeks. Be honest, if I wasn't on camera that much, I probably wouldn't do it this often. I get acrylic extensions. I hate gel. It's too soft for me. My nails always break. And I always do like a square or an almond. And recently, I've been keeping my nails pretty natural because like some brands don't want you to have crazy nails. A lot of procedures in this, but one of my favorite luxuries is Face G. If you're feeling like bloated in your face or you drank or you're going to an event and you want to look a bit more snatched, Face Gim will give you that. It honestly feels so good. Especially if you hold a lot of tension in your face, like you clench your jaw, grind your teeth, this will help relieve that. Finally, let's move on to all the things I do at home to stay low maintenance. I'm like obsessed with teeth, so I whiten my teeth. I also use the Crest 3D white toothpaste, which helps a lot. While this is on, I laser my entire body and my face. Honestly, it's more convenient to do it at home. It's definitely cheaper and it works. I also wax my sideburns. I don't dermiplane because it breaks me out. It just lasts longer and I also don't have a lot of peach fuzz and I wear a lot of bronzer, so this helps my bronzer look more smooth. This is a relatively new addition. I'm selftanning my entire body and my face. I used to never do this, but the winters in Canada are so long. I like how I look more toned when I have tan on, and I feel like I just came back from vacation. And if I'm lazy, I'll just use the mint on my face, but sometimes I go all in and do like a whole mapping. gives you like that natural contour. And I like to accentuate my freckles with this. Again, I love bronzer so much. I feel like I wear less foundation when I face tan, too. Now that I'm looking back at it, it looks so extensive. But this is everything that I do to stay low

- Hashiras react to “ Giyuu is FLEXIBLE? 🌊🥋 “ || Reaction video: Kind: captions Language: en Hi guys, I'm Riley and today I'm going to be doing a front walk over.

  Top Comments:
  1. @alialjuhaim8721 [82 likes]: Mitsuri is a proud teacher of him
  2. @roksanajanik [47 likes]: Giyu learnt from mitsuri 💅🏼
  3. @V3LveTzChann3L [10 likes]: I NEED MORE OF THIS
  4. @Chunky_Monkey_Nugget [9 likes]: Yay❤❤❤❤❤❤
  5. @HxH_スクワッド [6 likes]: I would love to see you doing it😊 0:06
  6. @CarlarRenataChagolla [4 likes]: Te que do Lindo 😘😘😘
  7. @Ch3rry_c00ki3 [4 likes]: I just love this
  8. @Ch_rry121 [3 likes]: The last thing I expected was for someone to use my vid for a reaction vid , Tysm🤍🤍🤍🤍 , nice video btw:3
  9. @KenziePhan-p2u [3 likes]: Who was that Diva💅
  10. @jeintoro7381 [1 likes]: ❤❤❤
  11. @imaapricotpleasedontcutme: So sigma giyuu😻🤑😝

- How Small Creators Win YouTube's NEW Algorithm: Kind: captions Language: en If you're getting 100 views on a video you spent 20 hours creating while watching other creators blow up with content that seems thrown together, this video will finally explain what's actually happening. The YouTube algorithm has fundamentally changed and most creators are still playing by 2022 rules in a 202526 game. I'm going to show you exactly what's different and give you the new framework that's actually working for small creators who are building real momentum right now. In this video, you'll learn why your current YouTube strategy is fighting an uphill battle. how the algorithm actually treats small channels in 2025 and the new framework that's helping creators build real momentum despite increased competition. By the end, you'll understand exactly how to position yourself as the algorithm's favorite type of small creator, the one it promotes consistently instead of randomly. Also, just real quick, I want to let you know that I've just launched my 12-week program that walks you through everything we're covering today and more. The links in the description if you want to check it out. I'll also talk about it more after I've given you some value. Here's what most creators don't realize. Much of the advice you're following is based on what worked years ago when YouTube was a completely different platform. That advice might have been perfect at the time, but it's from a snapshot of the past. The context has changed completely. Search on YouTube is basically dead now. Not completely useless, but it used to be about 30% of how people found videos. And now it's hardly 5%. Your priorities need to shift completely. You don't get views anymore by hoping someone searches for your exact topic. You get views by having your video magically show up in front of someone's face while they're browsing for something to watch. Think about your own behavior. When's the last time that you actually search for something on YouTube? Most of your watching happens from your homepage, your subscription feed, or the suggested videos next to what you're already watching. That's where the game is played. Now, let me put this into perspective for you. When your video shows up in someone's suggested feed or homepage, you're sitting right next to all of their favorite creators, people they've been watching for years. channels with millions of subscribers, professional production teams, and you have to be the better choice for them. Your thumbnail has to stop somewhat midscroll better than some polished thumbnail from a million subscriber channel right next to it. Your title has to create more curiosity than the creator they've loved for 5 years. That's the game now. But here's what's making it even harder. AI is flooding every niche with content at an alarming rate. The amount of content on this platform is going to triple in the next 5 years. If you're still doing tutorials or just sharing information, you're being replaced. Right now, I can pull out my phone, talk it to it like it's a friend, and get a solution specific to my exact situation at 4 in the morning. Knowledge isn't scarce anymore. Information isn't valuable just because it exists. So, how do you stand out when knowledge isn't scarce anymore? That's what we need to figure out. Here's what's actually happening with your videos, and this might explain everything you've been experiencing. The algorithm is struggling to keep up. With all of this new content flooding the platform, it can't pay attention to every single video you upload. Here's a pattern I'm seeing with small channels. The algorithm can't watch all your videos, so it runs experiments. Every once in a while, you'll get way more impressions than normal. Maybe your video that usually gets 50 views suddenly gets 500 or a thousand. And then things flatline again. This isn't random. This is the algorithm that just ran an experiment on your content. It's learning what it can from that test, but then it runs away for a while to process that data. Sometime later, maybe three or four videos later, it shows back up to try again. Last time it gave you 1,000 impressions, maybe this time it tries 2,000. But here's the critical part. When it comes back, it needs to see the same pattern. If your first video was about gaming and the next one it tests is about cooking, it gets confused. It doesn't know what to do with you. This is why consistency matters more than ever. Not just upload consistency, but content consistency. Each time the algorithm shows up to run an experiment, you need to be building on what it learned from the last video. If you don't, then it's starting over each time. You'll never build momentum. Your goal is to train the algorithm on exactly who your content is for. Speaking of training the algorithm, if you could take a moment to hit the like button for me, it'll help train the algorithm to find more people like you. Thanks. Now that you understand how the algorithm treats small channels, let's talk about what it actually cares about. The algorithm prioritizes retention over almost everything else. Now, look at how YouTube's new AB testing works. It's based on retention, not click-through rate. But to send all the right signals to the algorithm, you need people to make it to the end of your video. So, let's reverse engineer how that happens. Everything starts with your thumbnail. If your thumbnail doesn't stop someone in their tracks at a glance, they bounce. They never read your title. If your thumbnail catches their attention, but your title doesn't seal the deal and build a curiosity gap that they want filled, they bounce. If they commit to giving your video a chance, but your hook doesn't confirm that they'll get what they came for, they bounce within 30 seconds. If they make it past 30 seconds, but you don't start delivering on your promise, they bounce. It's a cascade. Each piece has to work well enough to get them to the next piece. This is my philosophy. You don't need each piece to be perfect. You just need each piece to be good enough that people don't immediately dismiss you as not belonging. Your thumbnail doesn't need to be perfect. It just needs to not look like it was made by someone who doesn't understand YouTube. Your title doesn't need to be the most clever thing ever written. It just needs to create enough curiosity that someone thinks, "Okay, I'll give this a try." Your hook doesn't need to be incredibly polished. It just needs to confirm that yes, they're going to get exactly what you promised, maybe even more. Do this long enough with consistent content, and you'll build up enough momentum to reach what I call escape velocity. the algorithm will start to understand who you serve and promote you more regularly. By the way, if you're realizing that your retention needs work, but you don't know where to start, that's one of the core things that we're going to focus on in my 12week program. More details at the end, but there's still a link in the description. Now, let's talk about the reality of what this actually feels like. You're going to create videos that flop. You're going to spend 20 hours on something that gets 40 views while your throwaway video gets 400. Those algorithm experiments I had mentioned earlier, the waiting period between them can be weeks, sometimes months. And that's the hardest part, the waiting, not knowing if you're doing something wrong or if the other room just hasn't come back to test you again yet. I call this the valley of death, where you're not getting clear signals, if what you're doing is working. The key is using those waiting periods productively. Instead of constantly checking your analytics and driving yourself crazy, use the time to create more content and study what's working. Look at your failed videos systematically. Don't just dismiss them. What did you promise in the title and thumbnail? Did you deliver it in the first 30 seconds? Did you maintain that promise throughout? Most creators quit during the waiting periods. They think silence means failure. But silence might just mean that the algorithm is processing what it learned from your last experiment. So, how do you become the type of small creator that the algorithm actually promotes consistently instead of randomly? It comes down to three things working together. predictable audience, consistent value delivery, and retention optimization. First, predictable audience. The algorithm loves creators who serve the same type of person consistently. When it runs those experiments, it gets clear data. It knows exactly who to show your content to because you've trained it. Second, consistent value delivery. Not just uploading consistently, but delivering the same type of value each time. Whether that's entertainment, education, or inspiration, pick one and own it. The algorithm needs to categorize you clearly. Third, retention optimization. Clicks are important. They're the first piece of the chain. But don't forget, they're part of a bigger puzzle. The algorithm doesn't just want people to click. It wants them to stay on the platform. If your video keeps people watching YouTube longer, you become valuable to them. Here's a framework small successful creators are using. They pick one specific type of person and solve one specific type of problem and optimize every piece of content for maximum completion rate. When you do this consistently for 20 or 30 videos, something magical happens. The algorithm stops seeing you as a random experiment. It starts seeing you as a reliable source of engagement for a specific audience. That's when you reach escape velocity. That's when the random spikes become consistent growth. The framework I've given you today isn't about gaming the system. It's about working with how the system actually operates in 2025. Consistent content for consistent audiences optimized for retention with realistic expectations about timing. Okay, I mentioned my 12-week program earlier and I want to tell you about it because it directly addresses everything we've just discussed. This is a complete system covering strategy, tactics, and mindset through weekly sessions. We dive into everything from thumbnails to retention psychology, everything you need to stop spinning your wheels and start seeing real growth. You get direct access to me and our private community for the full 12 weeks. I'm spending all of my free time in that community answering questions, giving feedback on your thumbnails, reviewing analytics, and helping you troubleshoot roadblocks in real time. Plus, guaranteed office hours every Thursday and Sunday, at least 90 minutes each time, where I'm live and available, and you can get immediate feedback instead of spending months trying to figure out why your retention drops at the 2-minute mark. Your chance to join ends September 18th, which means if you're watching this when it first comes out, you only have a little time left to decide. I made the website myself, and you can find all the details there. The investment is $1,750 USD and you can split that into payments if that works better for you. Link in the description. You'll give me your email. I'll send you a link for a quick video chat so I can meet you and then make sure that we're a good fit and then we get started. But you need to act fast if this sounds like something that you want to do. We've just explored how YouTube's new algorithm works and the framework you need to succeed with it. But here's the brutal truth. You're still going to fail sometimes. Your next video might flop and then the one after that might too. The difference between creators who make it and those who quit isn't talent or luck. It's one specific skill. Click on this video next where I reveal the only skill you actually need to succeed on YouTube so you can build the mental resilience that separates winners from quitters in this game. The game has changed. That doesn't mean you can't win. You just need to understand the new rules and play accordingly. I'll see you in that video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @davejeltema3 [155 likes]: Thanks you to everyone who's taken the time to comment and like the video, it means the world to me :)

P.S. If you want to me in your corner for the rest of the year consider my program: https://davejeltema.com/boundless-creator-program/ 🌱
  2. @GraphitePsychology [1 likes]: that's clear and concise
  3. @AveMariaASMR [1 likes]: For anyone reading this, hopefully your channel grows 100x more 🎉
  4. @FactFilesWorldEdition-h1r: Thanks for the advice
  5. @Strangehours01: I just started my channel this weekend.
  6. @MarciLLyTV: The 'packaging over production' reframe is what unlocks growth for most small channels. You can outperform creators with better gear, bigger budgets, and more subscribers if your thumbnail and title hits a question the algorithm is already surfacing to your target audience. The first click is earned before anyone watches a single second — that's the game.
  7. @RandomFacts-x99: I started a week ago and already have 9 subs. Don’t give up, guys let’s grow together! 🚀
  8. @joycebarnett_realestate: You know so much about this 😮 you have given good info  here
  9. @prm4uofficial: The point about satisfaction signals mattering more than raw views really reframes how small creators should think about "winning" — it's not about going viral, it's about making the 200 people who do watch actually care enough to like or share. One thing I'd add: early comment engagement in that first hour after publishing seems to be a massively underrated factor in whether YouTube pushes you to Browse, so replying to every single comment immediately might matter more than the thumbnail. Do you think that engagement velocity window is shrinking as more creators catch on to it?
  10. @pookie_mamma1998: I’ve been monetized for five years and I gained 4 million channel views with 11,000 subscribers until recently four days ago. One of my shorts is currently at 4 million views and now I’m at 18,000 subscribers. I never use thumbnails or anything like that I always just upload my old home videos that I think are funny. I don’t know what I should be doing next.
  11. @DaveDelivery: I'm a small creator I want to win the algorithm, just kidding I want subscribers more, I think.
  12. @shecan369: I started the same year as mr beast. I'm at 134 subs 😂😂😂😂
  13. @kidscartoonrhymes-m6t: Hey small creators, we're not gonna give up! Right? I've also just started 🎉
  14. @Codigo-e-Sabedoria: The point about focusing on serving a specific audience rather than chasing views is so underrated. I've noticed that creators who stay consistent with their niche tend to build stronger communities over time. Great breakdown of how the algorithm actually works for smaller channels.
  15. @PuppyFy1991: Support Needed 🫶
  16. @kelciexo: New channel here!
  17. @Phantom2fast: I’m a new Roblox creator new creators down here👇
  18. @robke33331: My YouTube I try to grow faster
  19. @Codigo-e-Sabedoria: This really shifted my perspective on YouTube growth. The point about the algorithm prioritizing audience discovery over traditional search is spot on. I've been so focused on SEO and keywords, but it's clear the game has changed. Time to focus more on creating hooks that grab attention in those first few seconds.
  20. @OmegaObligation: Add a comment or @mention...

- New Channels: Do THIS and the YouTube Algorithm Will LOVE You!: Kind: captions Language: en I'm not going to lie to you. If it feels like the YouTube algorithm is ignoring your small channel, you might actually be right. Now, that's not to say that it's the algorithm's fault. So, in this video, I'm going to show you how it works, how to fix a problem, and a secret weapon that will supercharge your channel. And it all starts with a one minute explainer. That's right. I'm going to show you how the algorithm works in 60 seconds, and you can follow along with me. Open up an incognito desktop browser and go to youtube.com. accept the cookies and you'll see this very simple message. Try searching to get started. Start watching videos to help us, that's YouTube, build a feed of videos that you'll love. What the algorithm is basically saying to the viewer here is I ain't taking any responsibility for the recommendations I give you until you watch something. I need data. So, let's say as a viewer, we are a tech enthusiast and right now we're interested in the iPhone 17 in particular. All right, then let's watch this video. I thought this would be the most obvious year ever to go for the >> and now that I'm watching this video, let's see what else is recommended to me. Yeah, that seems relevant. I'll watch that and then I'll watch this and this and that. To give this a fair shot, you probably want to watch between five and 10 videos on the same topic and then go back to the homepage. And what do we find here? A lot more videos on the exact or very similar topics. That in a nutshell is how the YouTube algorithm works. I as a viewer decide what recommendations I am going to see. >> The main job of the algorithm is to serve the user when they show up. A lot of creators think about things from the creator perspective. Oh well, I make a video and then YouTube pushes it out to a bunch of people. For the most part, recommendations and search don't get pushed out. They get kind of pulled from viewers. >> That's Todd, by the way. He's been working for YouTube on the algorithm for more than a decade. So, if you're going to listen to anybody, it should be him. Of course, new videos should be something YouTube is interested in. But what it gets far more excited about are new and returning viewers visiting the platform. Its primary goal is to serve their needs. And it does it through 20 years of data gathered from billions of users watching, I don't know, a bazillion videos. It's why some of you never get recommended Mr. beast videos even though he has 450 million subscribers, but will recommend you videos on that very niche topic from that tiny channel you love to watch. So now you know how the algorithm works. How do you fix it? You don't forget about the algorithm. Focus on the audience. You can use this simple incognito viewing session whenever you want to get an understanding of what your audience is watching. But that is just the beginning because we can turn this mini hack into a permanent resource. All you need to do is create a brand new YouTube account that can be connected to the same Gmail account as your main YouTube channel. Now, this account won't be your new channel, but it will be your perfect viewer. Just like we did before with the incognito session, we're going to search for topics that we're interested in as a viewer of our main channel and watch them, lots of them, and only videos on that topic. What this will do is create a pure unpoluted watch history. It tells YouTube, I'm a viewer only interested in this topic, so give me more videos about it. And then usually 24 hours later when you go back to the homepage of that YouTube account, it will be dominated by that topic. It tells you as a creator what channels people are watching, what topics they're interested in, and what packaging works for this niche. Now, in the YouTube studio, there is a feature that shows you similar channels to you and similar videos, but it's a very limited number of channels and videos, and it's often not available to small channels and never is. With this technique, you basically have an infinite set of results that you can update in real time. So, let's just quickly recap what we've done there. Create a brand new YouTube account. Watch at least 10 videos on the topic that your YouTube channel is about and only videos on that topic. leave that account for 24 hours and then check back in. This is the most reliable, consistent, and transparent way of demonstrating what videos your target audience is pulling towards them from the YouTube algorithm. But wait, there's more. I never said that was the secret weapon. This is with a Vid IQ browser extension installed, you'll see this filters button on YouTube. And what this allows you to do is fine-tune the results you see on screen. So, in this example, let's say we are a small channel based on dog training, and we want to see what's working for channels under 25,000 subscribers. That's exactly what the filters tool is designed to do. And look at this. A channel with 5,000 subscribers with a monster video about cutting dog nails. Maybe that's a topic I should explore further. >> Are you scared of cutting a dog's nails too short? Do you want to know how to cut them perfectly every time? My name is AJ and in this video I'm going to show you all the techniques, tips, and tricks as well as my secret technique to cut any dog's nails like a professional. >> Yeah, classic tutorial intro there with a nice little hook to keep people watching for that secret technique. Kind of what I did in this video that you're still watching. And since we are now on the watch page, we have a new set of video recommendations which are now hyperfocused on a particular topic, which is where we can take advantage of the filters tool again to find even more video ideas, video packaging, and outliers that work for small channels. There is a free version of the filters tool if you want to check it out. But if you want to unlock the full potential of the tool along with everything else here at VidIQ, from a script writing tool to a thumbnail generator, then I have an exclusive bonus just for you for getting this far into the video. Check out the description for more details. Look, we can try and tell you how the YouTube algorithm works a hundred different ways, but if you can show yourself by simply acting as a viewer, you will have the best research tool you could ever ask for, meaning you should get a load more of these in the future. And as for that filters tool, well, you just got a sneak peek at how powerful it is. This is how you unlock its full potential.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Therapytnt [1 likes]: Thank you
  2. @join-n-shine2: Great Success on YouTube is very difficult because for most of the creators it is not possible to be so Creative, Perfect and Hardworking like Rob Wilson.
  3. @jaforiqbal-ry6opwife: সুন্দর ❤❤❤
  4. @HazeNyxPH: Is it true that YouTube analyze your channel if it is a Yt Shorts channel or a long form channel? Because I don't wanna make a new YouTube channel, I have 84 vids, 48 is the yt shorts
  5. @MarciLLyTV: The click-through rate point is where most new channels get stuck. They optimize for production quality when the algorithm is really optimizing for curiosity. A well-researched thumbnail and title combination that answers a specific question someone is already asking will outperform polished content with generic packaging every time. The discovery gap is almost always in the packaging, not the content.
  6. @2be_human: The problem is that YouTube algorithm just doesn't show my videos to anybody, I have like 15 impressions on my latest video. Although my account is verified, all settings are correct, I use tags and etc.
  7. @thebunchchannel: Free filter. Where?
  8. @Kemono9846: New channel here, Let's go!
  9. @Oleese: This was so insightful damnnn
  10. @pregnancyandbirth: Very well explained.
  11. @RealPrime_EditzX: why my videos not getting views?? I have another channel which get consistent 200k -1m and I know how algo works but this just getting like 5 views and stopping even tho it has 150% avg viewed? and its not even pushing to 100 to test
  12. @Ms.cyphrxx: 2:11 MAHH BOYSSS
  13. @S4xXhil001: Thanks, it was so useful ❤
  14. @ImRunningOnJava: This video is really engaging and keeps you interested till the end 👍
  15. @GaboSClipz: youtube algorithm can be really hard. Im stuck in a 0 view jail
  16. @spdbggy9675: YouTube algorythm does't idntify with me
  17. @TheGlibber: wowie
  18. @Aditidesai212: This is so encouraging for anyone starting out, the tip about using natural window light is a total game changer
  19. @FrankWhite-k8i: Youtube is pushing all my content to the 65 and up crowd. Any videos that can help fix algorithms?
  20. @SandWithArt: good

- YouTube Search & Discovery: 'The Algorithm' and Performance FAQs: Kind: captions Language: en As a creator, you've probably asked yourself questions like, "How does YouTube choose what videos to promote?" "Does getting a yellow icon impact my video discovery?" "And how important are tags?" In this video we'll walk you through all those questions and more about YouTube's search and discovery system and give you some video discovery tips. Let's dive in. First, how does YouTube choose what videos to promote? Whether it's on the YouTube homepage search or suggested YouTube's recommendation system actually finds videos for viewers rather than viewers for videos. Videos don't get pushed out or promoted by the algorithm, but rather pulled for each user when they visit YouTube. The goal of the search is to match each viewer with the videos they're most likely to watch and enjoy. So every viewer's recommendations will look a little bit different. Videos are ranked based on hundreds of signals that largely fall under two categories: Viewer Personalization and Video Performance. Viewer personalization is based on signals about a given user's preferences such as what videos they choose to watch, what videos they ignore, what videos they dismiss, how often someone watches a channel, or topic, and much more. Our systems also consider video performance, which is how well the content engaged viewers when it was offered to them. For example, do viewers choose to watch the video, ignore it, or click not interested? If they choose to watch it, how long and how much of the video do they watch? Here our system views the videos average view duration, and average percentage viewed as signals to inform ranking. And finally, did the viewer enjoy the video? We measure satisfaction using a variety of signals such as user surveys and likes. Using these signals helps our systems narrow down the best set of videos to offer each viewer. Creators often asked what kind of videos does the algorithm like best, but our systems have no opinion about what type of video you make and don't favor any particular format. Rather they try to follow the audience. So instead of worrying about being an expert in algorithms or analytics, focus on knowing your audience and what they like. Next, does changing a video's title or thumbnail re-rank the video in the algorithm? Yes, it can. But it's only because our systems are responding to how viewers are interacting with your video differently, rather than the act of changing the video title or thumbnail. When your video looks different to viewers, it changes how viewers interact with it when it's offered to them. Changing your video title and thumbnail can be an effective way to get more views. But if your video's already doing well, don't change what's working. If one of my videos underperforms, is that going to hurt my channel? What matters is how viewers respond to each video when it's recommended to them. Our systems rely more on video and audience level signals to decide which videos are the best recommendations for your audience. What can lead to a decline in overall channel views is people's interest changing over time, or when viewers stop watching most of your videos when they're recommended to them. Does monetization status like the yellow icon impact my video discovery? No. Our search and recommendation system doesn't know which videos are monetized and which are not. We focus on recommending videos your audience will find satisfying regardless of whether they're monetized. But if your video contains racy, violent or other graphic content, it could be demonetized as it's not suitable for all advertisers. It may also not be recommended to as many viewers because it's not appropriate for all audiences. Do I need to upload daily or at least once a week? No. We've done analyses over the years and find that growth in views across uploads is not correlated with time between uploads. Many creators have established reliable connections with their audience through quality over quantity. We encourage you to take care of yourself to prevent burnout, which is important for your audience and your well-being. Why are my views lower than my subscriber count? The number of people subscribed to your channel doesn't represent the number of viewers choosing to watch your videos. On average viewers subscribe to dozens of channels and may not return for every new upload for every channel they're subscribed to. It's also common for viewers to be subscribed to channels they no longer watch. So, instead, focus on the audiences actually watching your content using YouTube Analytics, which can help you find out who's watching and what's working well or not. What other factors influence how people see my videos? There are three major factors that explain where your audience is coming from. Topic Interest, Competition, and Seasonality. Topic Interest is how many people worldwide are interested in and watching videos about a given topic. Some topics have more broad appeal than others. And that appeal can change over time as certain subjects become more or less popular. Google Trends is a tool you can use to see how the world's interest is changing over time. And you can even filter down to YouTube search interest. Just go to trends.google.com. Next - Competition. YouTube systems have to sort through and rank all videos a viewer might be most willing to watch. Even if you have great performance and metrics on your video, you may get fewer impressions if videos from other channels or creators are performing even better. And finally - Seasonality. YouTube traffic can change during different times of the year. Think about your audience like which country they live in, or what's going on in their lives, and expect fluctuations in viewership during major holidays. And finally, how important are tags? Well, not very important. Tags are mainly used to help correct for common spelling mistakes. For example, YouTube versus UTube versus You Tube. Remember, YouTube systems are personalized to each viewer and recommend content based on audience interests. They're also influenced by a video's performance and engagement and external factors that influence what people are interested in over time. Focus on what your audience likes. If you do that, and people watch, then the recommendations will follow. For more information on YouTube's recommendation system and video discovery tips, check out the resources linked below. Thanks for watching.

  Top Comments:
  1. @youtubecreators [785 likes]: For more FAQs about YouTube’s search and discovery system & channel and video performance, check out these articles: https://support.google.com/youtube/answer/141805
https://support.google.com/youtube/answer/11914225
  2. @vuzaimpanda [1 likes]: Thanks from Rwanda 🇷🇼
  3. @adventuremonkeystudio: adventuremonkeystudio
  4. @adventuremonkeystudio: Good
  5. @Anu_varma_i: Creators ki jaan you tube
  6. @Createandinspire-3: Thx dear
  7. @DehatiSir-p2u: You my jaan❤❤❤❤❤
  8. @DNA_him: I have a question can I threaten my viewers to subscribe?
  9. @DNA_him: 4:24 well thank god all my viewers love what I make
  10. @TheEchoOfFaith: Thank you for the information.that’s helpful.
  11. @hexazona: TRANSLATION INTO PORTUGUESE PLEASE
  12. @Lamourproduction-z9t: Gracias YouTube por este video
  13. @MarialuisaCampos-dg1kf: Gracias YouTube por sus consejos
  14. @ABCKidsFunTelugu-q4p: Thank you good information
  15. @DeepSearch0.2: Thank you you tube❤🎉
  16. @adventuremonkeystudio: @advanturemonkeystudio
  17. @senehdailylife5641: Thank you so much ❤
  18. @adventuremonkeystudio: Good
  19. @MiniKidsWorld123: 👍
  20. @DMWSEV: Thank you for 62 Subscribers! 🎉😊 A video like this really helps to understand how it all works, i'm still learning and still trying to figure it all out 🙂

- 5 Ways Small Creators Win YouTube's NEW Algorithm: Kind: captions Language: en YouTube has traditionally been very difficult for small creators to actually get traction, get their videos to take off, and actually build their channel. Often times small creators would take months or even years in many cases just to get a single video to take off. But recently, and especially this year, that is completely changing. And I'm going to show you a bunch of different examples of why, and I'm going to tell you why it's happening in this video. And I'm going to be showing you how the new YouTube algorithm is actually favoring small creators in certain ways that you wouldn't believe, and you can take advantage of. So, if you appreciate me doing this type of video, let me know by gently tapping that like button, and let's jump into it with number one on the list, which is create content that solves problems. So, creating content that solves problems is the first way that small creators are winning YouTube's new algorithm. Now, you might be saying, "Shane, I already knew that." Just wait, I'm going to give you a really good example. But before I get into the example, want to tell you that YouTube is different than any other social media platform because it really isn't a social media platform. It's a hybrid. It's half social media, half search engine. So, the way it acts and the way it behaves compared to the other social media platforms is simply different. Additionally, YouTube is literally the only social media platform where people expect to view long-form content, which means a lot of people come to YouTube wanting to actually get their problems solved. They're not necessarily just mindlessly browsing looking to be entertained, although a lot of people do that on YouTube. Many of them are actually going to YouTube in order to solve their problems in the form of watching videos. So, here's an example of a small creator that just recently blew up. Tang Sang just started posting about 5 months ago. At first, he wasn't getting very much traction, and he was talking about a lot of random stuff. Now, his channel is based on Chinese proverbs and sayings and the ancient wisdom behind them. And the problem with his older content is it just wasn't packaged well. It wasn't really using the right keywords or anything like that. But about 4 weeks ago, he uploaded a video called why being useful can destroy your life, an ancient Chinese idea that feels uncomfortably true today. Now, a very interesting video idea here, not something you hear all the time. And this video absolutely blew up and got about 300 75,000 views. And before that, he had not even hit a video that got to 1,000 views. And since then, his channel absolutely blew up. It's now making 2 to $7,000 a month. He's monetized and he's getting a ton of views and he's almost 10,000 subscribers. Plus, more of his videos are doing well now. Now, of course, he had a very contrarian take with this video, but at its core, it really is a useful video that's all about just helping you solve your problem. There's certain cultures where people feel too much of a need useful to other people. And in reality, they should maybe focus on themselves a little bit more in order to be even more useful to other people. Right? So, that's kind of why when you board airplanes, they always tell you to put your mask on first before you try to put other people's masks on. Because that's going to result in a better outcome for everyone. That's kind of the point he's making with this video. Of course, he says a lot more and he goes into the proverbs and stuff. But it's a very contrarian and interesting take and it's a different way of doing it. And a lot of people are interested in, you know, a lot of these old proverbs. Not just from China, but from all over the world. A lot of this old wisdom that has been lost in many cases or isn't very well known. And so, he found his niche of talking about ancient cultures, you know, midlife after failure, what ancient cultures understood, and basically just ancient wisdom, specifically with an emphasis on ancient Chinese wisdom. And now his videos are doing significantly better. So, the whole point here, create content that solves problems. Before, he was kind of creating content that's just like random proverbs that don't really help all that much, but now he's creating content that solve real problems for people. And that is why he's doing so well. Now, if you are having trouble picking your niche or you're very confused with your niche just like he was, right? He was making content on proverbs, but it wasn't really working for him. Or if you already have a niche, but you're thinking about niching down or expanding or pivoting niches or just completely changing niches altogether or if you're confused about video ideas or if you're confused about how to monetize your channel properly, then go ahead and attend my live training this Tuesday 9:00 p.m. Eastern Standard Time. All right, guys, in the editing process right now and I just wanted to mention that if you're struggling to grow on YouTube, you're having trouble getting views, subscribers, making money, or even picking a niche, I'm going to be hosting a free one-time live workshop that goes over exactly how to help with that. How to finally make money from youtube.com in 2026. So, make sure to mark that down and also make sure to click the link in the description and the pin comment below so you don't miss out. And if you attend live, you'll also have a chance to be the one person I pick for a real-time channel audit once we move into the interactive portion of the workshop. And if you feel unsure about what niche to choose or you're worried that your niche might be too broad or it's not profitable enough, then this workshop is for you because I'll be giving away the 60-second niche validator 2.4 completely free. This is the latest and most optimized version of my GPT-powered niche validation tool and it helps you instantly test and uncover profitable YouTube niches before you waste time creating content that doesn't bring in leads, sales, or money. It's smarter, faster, and trained on even more data from real profitable channels and I'll be giving it away completely free, but only at this live workshop. And just a heads-up, this might be one of the last times I give this tool away for free because I'm planning on making it to a actual software. So, if you've been on the fence, this is definitely a good time to pick it up. Now, during the workshop, there's a full presentation on how to grow on YouTube followed by Q&A where you can ask me questions directly on Zoom. And people do ask a lot of questions the majority of the time about niche and many people walk away with niche clarity during the session itself. And the same strategies I teach are the ones that help clients like Nicole who went from 85 subscribers to 85,000 dollars in a single month, Seth who went from years without a viral video to immediately getting 300,000 views right after starting working with us, or Davis who scaled from 100k a month and was able to remove himself from recording. And even people who aren't clients like Isaiah were able to make 20,000 dollars only using the free content and live workshop strategies. So, make sure you show up. Click the link in the description or the pinned comment to register and add it to your calendar so you don't miss the chance to grab the 60-second niche validator AI. And if you miss the date, that's okay. Check the link still to see when the next workshop is happening or to sign up to a list that will tell you when the next one does. So, see you Tuesday at 9:00 p.m. Eastern Standard Time. Now, back to the video. All right, so the second thing is you need to discover your ideal niche. So, the algorithm loves creators who serve a specific audience. So, you need to stop chasing every trending topic out there. You need to find the niche your audience actually cares about. Now, I know this is easier said than done and I know it's not as simple as just, you know, niche down. Again, we'll go over how to actually do that in the live training, but when you focus on one clear idea consistently, the algorithm notices and it rewards you for it. Right? You're not trying to please everyone anymore. You're trying to please a very specific person or a very specific group of people. So, let's look at uh Abdi Hassan, the laptop business. Very interesting channel here, pretty small channel as well, but basically all he talks about is buying and selling laptops. Like he's just a laptop flipper and all he talks about is buying and selling laptops. Now, you might be looking at his numbers and thinking, "Shane, why are you showing me this guy?" I mean, he's getting 7,000 views the last 7 days, so he's probably getting like 25 to 30,000 views a month. His most popular video was posted about 1 month ago. It's got about 57,000 views. Not that much. You know, so you might be thinking, "Shane, why are you showing me this guy?" Well, it's because he is an absolute sniper. And I don't mean that literally. What I mean is he sells a very specific product. He already knows what he's selling and he is bringing that product to YouTube. So, he's making content designed to sell the product. And his particular product is the laptopbusiness.com. So, he is selling some sort of coaching program here. You watch the video, then you book a call, and I'm guessing it's going to be at least $3,000, probably upwards of, you know, $10,000. And he's going to teach you how to flip laptops essentially. And I love these super niche businesses. I flipped a lot of things when I was younger as well. And there's like super niche businesses out there where you can make a ton of money flipping stuff, especially if you really know what you're looking at and you really know the value of the different things that you're seeing. I've seen people make a ton of money flipping phones, flipping cars, all kinds of other stuff. And so, I really love seeing channels like this. think it is a really good opportunity for the right person. Now, if you're sitting here thinking, "Well, Shane, how do you know he's making money? Maybe he's not making money." Well, it's because I've seen so many of these types of channels and I've worked with so many of them that I kind of just have a sixth sense to be able to tell. But, if you want a little bit more proof, let's look at my main channel. My main channel is Shane Hummus and one of the most viewed videos on this channel is the most useless degrees. This one got about 4 million views, over 4 million, and it made around $21,000 overall. Then we've got this video right here which got around 11,000 views and it's earned well over $40,000. This was me when I didn't know how to properly monetize my channel. 4 million view video made about $21,000, which, hey, don't get me wrong, I'm super happy about that. And I probably made a little bit more from affiliate marketing and stuff like that. But, you know, maybe double at the most. So, you know, about $40,000. And yet, this video right here that got 11,000 views made more money than this one that got 4 million. Now, which one of these do you think is more repeatable? This one at 11,000 views or this one at 4 million? Well, obviously this one, right? This one is way easier to repeat. Back to the main point, which is discovering your ideal niche. Don't necessarily think that you have to go for a niche that gets a lot of views. Sometimes you can go for a niche that doesn't get that many views and you can make a ton of money. For instance, my second channel, which when I started off I called it Shane Hummus Unfiltered, now it's called Shane Hummus the Content Growth Engine. That channel, the first month that I launched it made about 30 to 40,000 dollars. That means I was making 1.7 thousand dollars per 1,000 views. Now it usually makes anywhere between three and 5,000 dollars per 1,000 views. So we're making a ton of money from that channel even though I put almost zero effort into it. So consider the audience, consider your niche, but also consider the monetization opportunities when you're picking the right ideas. Okay, next is never delete underperforming videos. This is a mistake that I see people making all the time. Somebody will post a video, it doesn't perform better, and they kind of get, I don't know, like embarrassed or they just have some kind of like negative reaction to the video and they decide to delete it. And I get it, it's super tempting to delete videos that flop initially, but this can absolutely hurt your long-term potential. Because I've had so many videos flop in the past and then a month later, three months later, six months later, even a year later, those same videos end up taking off. And I'm not the only one. Just look at this guy right here who posted on Reddit. "My biggest video was around 1,000 views a year after I made it. It's an 8-minute video. Then for some unknown reason it took off to over 650,000 views." And this was that video right here. Cheapest countries to retire in with only social security. So yeah, there's not much more to say about this one. Just never, pretty much under any circumstance, delete your videos. And what goes along with that is if you ever think of like changing niches or something, this is another question I get all the time. People think like, "Oh, should I start a new channel?" No, don't start a new channel 99% of the time. Just keep posting on your original channel. All right, so the next point if you want to win is you absolutely need to package your videos properly. So, I've said this a million times on my channel that the idea is the thing that matters most. Like you can have mediocre editing, mediocre almost everything as long as the idea is good, it's just a matter of time before one of your videos blows up. But if the idea is bad, you can have amazing everything else and the video's not going to blow up. But there's something missing from that and that is you have to package that idea in the right way because you could have the most amazing idea ever, but if you're not communicating the idea, then nobody's ever going to know about it. And that's why packaging your videos properly is so important. And when it comes to packaging, there's three things that matter: the thumbnail, the title, and the intro. And these things I like to call the holy trifecta. Now, one reason why I call them the holy trifecta is because they're very important. The other reason why I call them the holy trifecta is because they should be done together and the third reason I call them the holy trifecta is because you must always think of them related to each other. Okay, it's almost like a Venn diagram. They all must be congruent to each other. So, the first thing the person's going to see is likely the thumbnail. Then they're going to make a decision from the thumbnail if they're going to look at the title. And then they're going to make a decision from the title if they're going to click on the video. And then once they click on the video, they're going to make a decision based on the intro or the hook whether they're actually going to watch the rest of the video or not. And by the way, it doesn't need to be as complicated as a lot of people make it out to be. A lot of the time it can be dead simple. So, here's an example of someone doing this perfectly. Lazy Gabby. This is a super small creator. I purposely chose a bunch of small creators. Some of these people may or may not be my clients, you know, I'm not going to reveal, but some of them are not my clients. They're just random creators we found, but Lazy Cabbie is a 40-year-old guy who started YouTube this year, and he documents his life as a taxi driver. And look how his packaging works together beautifully. His thumbnail matches exactly what his title says, and it shows you where he is in that moment. And everything is congruent and makes perfect sense. If he's inside the taxi in the video, his thumbnail shows him inside the taxi, too. And the title reflects the same exact thing, and it usually captures the mood of whatever the video is about. And remember, these are not fancy thumbnails. They're literally just pictures of him, probably taken with his phone, or even still shots of his video. And he just paused the screen, took the shot, and then put a little bit of text on it, and that's it. And that's one thing is you don't necessarily have to make really good thumbnails, titles, and intros, but they do need to be congruent. And his thumbnails, titles, and intros are nothing special, but they're all congruent with each other, and that's the important thing. And that's one of the reasons why he's done so well with his videos. Now, is he making a ton of money with this channel? Not yet. Probably a few thousand bucks a month, but he is definitely growing his channel, and in the future, especially if he monetizes correctly, which I'm going to teach you guys how to do in the live training this Tuesday, 9:00 p.m. Eastern Standard Time. Click the link in the description in the pin comment below. Do not miss out on it. Put it in your calendar. Then he's definitely going to be making some good money. All right, the next thing is consistency in posting. Now, a lot of you know about my brother, Zach. Basically, he has worked in the trades for 30 years. Uh he's had his own business in the trades for 20 years, but it started to get really hard on his body. He came to me. He said, "Shane, how can I make money online or make money, you know, not working with my body?" And of course, I just told him YouTube. And he was very surprised by that because he's like, "I'm not tech-savvy. I'm 50 years old. I'm not very creative, you know, I haven't really ever made a video besides recording on my phone, and I don't really know that much about YouTube. So, why in the world do you think I should become a YouTuber?" And I was just like, "Trust me, bro." And my bro, Zach, did trust me, bro. And his very first video popped off and now has over 800,000 views, blew up his channel, and he started crushing it right away. Within the first month, he was making $214 in a single day, and less than 6 months in, he was making over $500 in a single day. And by the way, there's a good chance he's actually going to show up to the live training, so click that link in the description and the pin comment below if you want to see him. And if he doesn't, at the very least, we will give an update on where he's at. But the point is, with my brother, his very first video blew up. Now, you might expect me to say like, "Yeah, of course, I knew it was going to blow up." But the truth is, I didn't, and we got lucky. Yes, he did use my methods. Yes, he was a good student, and he did exactly what I told him to do. But did I know 100% that his first video was going to blow up? Absolutely not. And typically, my clients' first videos don't blow up. A lot of the time, it'll take them five videos, 10 videos, 15, 20, even 30 videos in some cases before they have that first one that really takes off. And that's why it's so important for you to post consistently. Now, if you do things the right way, you're much more likely to have a video that takes off, like significantly more likely. If you don't do things the right way, it'll take you somewhere between 100 and 300 videos before you have one that takes off. But if you do things the right way, often times, it'll take you 30 videos or even way less than 30 videos before you have one take off. And that is why it's so important to post consistently, cuz remember what I said before, the idea is the thing that matters the most. So, by knowing that, if you think logically, you should just simply optimize for trying out as many ideas as possible, and that is exactly what my brother did. He spent less than 2 hours making this initial video, right? He didn't spend 30 or 40 or 50 hours or anything like that. It was less than 2 hours. And this video blew up, and it completely changed his channel. And he's probably going to end up making more from his YouTube channel, at least in profit, than he did from his business after the first year. And also, check out this video from one of our clients who was able to absolutely start crushing it in a very short period of time after learning our methods.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ShaneHummus [5 likes]: 🔴 ONE-TIME YOUTUBE LIVE TRAINING THIS WEEK: 👉 https://go.thecontentgrowthengine.com/live-02-13-2026
  2. @Tavasolian [2 likes]: so much to learn ❤
  3. @Curious-USA-13 [1 likes]: New channels, let's gather here. Let's grow together.
  4. @The-Enigmatic-Shaman [1 likes]: Another leech praying off the small channels. You are such a  fraud, stop making misleading clickbait.
  5. @joiLove333: I love when we have gathering places all over YouTube. Makes my day…

I know 37 might seem small to some people… but to me it means 37 real people chose to support my dream. Thank you ❤
  6. @TheReal_Nathaniel: One step forward whether big or small is still a step forward 💯
  7. @PrettyGirls1231: SUPPORTING EVERY SMALL CREATOR
  8. @donna.anthony1111: 😊 Thanks a Heap for this video. I learned a lot from this one. Keep up your great work! ...✍️ Donna A
  9. @Kyle604CA: No one talks about how hard it is to grow a small channel.
2 years in and finally reached 600 subscribers this week.
If you're a small creator reading this - keep going. 🫡💪
  10. @TheCrouchFam-i2i: I am signed up for your class tomorrow 2/24 and am very excited! I just started my channel and am posting a lot getting views but not a lot of subscribers.
  11. @Giant-t7z: I learned a lot thanks for creating this video it helps me a lot for my growing In YouTube
  12. @JackiesLifeWithMS: Thank you for the great info Shane!!!
  13. @VietVerseVibes: 🎉🎉🎉 goodluck to all
  14. @MichaelMMonro: Something doesn't add up... 
3-5k per 1000 views? RPM? Impossibile !!!
Maybe selling courses...
  15. @BNRSadvibesAI: Lets united here 🎉🎉
  16. @KayZone44: ✊🏻
  17. @perlychristy: I’m still starting and it’s really hard..😢
  18. @felhomaly: Could small channels help small channels? 
https://youtube.com/shorts/LGk6qJ_RxHE?si=Er3wGGp2-R8ejmjQ
  19. @LuxuryUnveiled-21: let's grow together
  20. @UsDiYoNa: I believe what the man was saying about being useful and it ruining your life is about the degree of use that people come to expect from you and the standards you will in turn be held to. Kind of like the saying "never give 100% when you can get by with 50" when applied to common salary-man type positions.

- How Small Channels Win YouTube's NEW Algorithm in 2026: Kind: captions Language: en If you're seeing other creators blow up with videos that look worse than yours, there's more to the story. I've spent the last 11 months growing my channel while watching other creators do everything right and still fail. You're using 2025 strategies in a 2026 game. The rules have changed. So, in this video, I'll show you the four rules you need to follow to cut through the noise in 2026, why the old playbook is dead, what actually breaks through the noise now, and the hard truth about whether you can sustain this long enough to win. And by the end, you'll know exactly what to prioritize in your next videos. There's advice that dominated every YouTube growth video that's over a year old. If you watched any of them, you know exactly what I'm talking about. Keywords, search optimization, perfectly crafted descriptions, all the right SEO. Back then, it mattered. Search was how people found new creators. Everyone told you to nail your SEO or you'd never get discovered. So, what happened? I watched an interview recently, Colin and Samir talking to Patty Galloway. And for those of you who don't know, Patty is one of the best YouTube strategists out there. Let me play you what he said because this changed how I see the entire platform. >> YouTube is not a video platform. It's a it's a click and watch platform. It's a platform that people have to decide what to view. So when I think about these smaller channels that are growing really quickly, it's usually that they have actually invested more time into ideiation. >> He nails it. YouTube isn't a video platform. It's a click and watch platform. What that means is you need to be the better choice on someone's homepage. You're sitting right next to their favorite creators, channels they've watched for years, creators with millions of subscribers, and yet you need to be their choice. And here's why this changes everything for you. You're not just making videos anymore. You're making strategic choices about who to compete with. Most creators hear this and they still miss the point entirely. I see it everywhere. Creators going through the motions. They're making consistent content, but they're consistently mediocre and they're just waiting for it to work. I'm doing everything they tell me to do. When you realize you're competing with giants, you start to see what amateur looks like in comparison. So, what's the difference between creators who get it and those who don't? Intention. Instead of going through the motions, intention means having a game plan, understanding why you're doing each thing, not just that you should do it. Every decision has a reason. And this is critical because when you go through the motions, you're just adding to the noise. AI is flooding every niche. There is more competition than ever. YouTube is rewarding content that keeps people watching. You need to send clear signals to the algorithm about who you serve. If you're just going through the motions, you're adding to the noise. Creating with intention applies to everything. The strategy you have, the content you make, even how you handle your workflow, which is actually where most creators waste the most time. Now, here's what actually matters about SEO. YouTube changed what it pays attention to. When you upload your video now, it processes everything during that upload time, and it creates a transcript. And yeah, that's great for people who like to watch with captions, but what YouTube really cares about is knowing exactly what your video is about. Your description doesn't matter nearly as much as it used to. Your tags are pretty much meaningless. But when you're small, absolutely go ahead and optimize for those things. It's one of the only ways YouTube can classify you before it runs experiments on your videos. But there are way more important things that you can spend your time on now. And this is the true mechanism of YouTube growth. I call it momentum. You need to move from YouTube doesn't understand me to YouTube does understand me. And to do that, you need to loop through this process enough times until it understands. YouTube runs experiments. It takes one of your videos, sends it to a handful of people, it learns from that, disappears, comes back later, grabs another video, tests again. But if that second video it tests isn't meant for the same person as last time, it gets confused. Wait, I could have sworn this person would have enjoyed this. I guess I'll start over. That's why creating with intention for the same person is everything. If you want the systems and worksheets that I use to create intention with every single video, I give them all away to my newsletter subscribers. There is a link in the description. But intention alone isn't enough. And honestly, most creators waste time on the wrong bottleneck entirely. Before we keep going, you can have all the intention of the world, but if you're spending hours editing shorts instead of making content that actually grows your library, you're fighting the wrong battle. I was stuck here trying to feed the algorithm with shorts. But every hour I was editing was an hour I couldn't spend building my library. I knew what I should be doing, but I was trapped in the shorts editing bottleneck. And that's why this video is sponsored by Nexus Clips. It turns your long form into shorts automatically. But it actually finds the moments that work as self-contained shorts, not just random clips. What used to take me hours takes maybe 15 minutes now. Upload, review, tweak, export. The time it saves pays for itself. If I had to make all of my shorts myself, I wouldn't be able to make weekly content. So, you can use code Dave for 10% off at nex.com or you can just use the link in the description. All right, so you're creating with intention. Now, let me tell you about the biggest mistake I see creators make. And honestly, I made it, too. It cost me thousands of subscribers. Everyone dreams about their first viral breakout video. And I can tell you firsthand, it's intoxicating. But let me tell you what happened to a friend of mine. He started a board gaming channel and he had a video that did incredibly well. Finally, momentum. But here's what happened. The people who found him were disgruntled Magic the Gathering players. And that's not who he wanted to speak to at all. Now, for anything else to do well on his channel, he had to cater to those people. He made a few more videos leveraging his success, but in the end, he decided to stop making content on that topic entirely. That's what happens when you make content without intention. You might get success, but it's the wrong kind. Now, you have to undo all of that momentum to course correct. And trust me, I know I had 8,000 subscribers who all wanted board game and card game design videos. And when I came back and said, "Hey, I'm not going to make what you want anymore. Instead, I'm going to talk about this other thing that you don't want." I had a lot of upset people, understandably. Look at this. These were my first five videos after the pivot. In that same two-month period, my old board game content, already more than a year old at this point, pulled in 32,000 views with just three videos alone. And my new stuff only managed 4,500 views in that same time frame. That's a massive gap. And here's why that matters. YouTube needs to understand who to recommend your videos to. When you create for different people each time, you're training the algorithm to be confused. Because the content I made created a promise I didn't intend to make. Now, that doesn't mean you can't change course if you're willing. I did. And if I hadn't got it started before I was ready, I wouldn't be here today. I had to go through that to learn what I needed to grow. All you can do is the best you can with the knowledge you have right now. The channels that succeed are the ones who did it intentionally. Not that they could guarantee a breakout hit, but that they spoke to who they intended. Or at the very least, they were okay with who they found and then they doubled down. When someone watches your video, what do you want them to think? That was a nice video, or I wonder what else they made. That difference is everything. The way you create that I need more feeling is by building a bingeable library. When you create for the same person consistently and solve the same problem, they can watch all your stuff. And this is critical because the bigger your library you build over time, the better this works in your favor. Every video builds on the data from the last. One viral video is not enough to break through the noise. You need a library that sends a clear signal about who you serve. And I'll show you exactly how I set up my end screens to encourage binging at the end of this video. But building a library is only half the battle. There's something happening right now that changes who actually survives on this platform. AI is flooding every niche right now. The tools are getting better every day, and it's only accelerating. Information isn't scarce anymore. And that change is what actually matters. Let me share something with you that bugs the crap out of me. Have you ever watched content from someone and it just felt soulless? Picture a thumbnail. How I made 10K with a shocked face and a money emoji. You click and it's just a generic list of affiliate marketing tips anyone could find in 30 seconds on Google. No personal story, no failures, no here's what happened when I actually tried this. Just information with a face attached. There are creators out there making stuff that has no heart, no emotion, no shared experience, no real effort in helping others. And I don't know about you, but I can see right through it. I can see that what they truly care about is views. And this is critical because viewers are getting better at spotting what's real versus manufactured. They can see right through it. And don't get me wrong, we all want to grow, but some creators come across like they're doing it at the expense of others. Like they don't actually care about you. They just care that you clicked. Then I look at channels that are growing. I look at my own growth. Here's what I noticed. How you share information is what matters now. I watched a video by Nate Black recently about his take on what to do moving into 2026. And a phrase stuck with me, authenticity as a skill. I started looking at what was actually connecting. It wasn't the videos with the most information. It was the ones where I shared my failures, the lessons I learned the hard way, my actual experience going from burnt out to full-time in under a year. Why should they listen to you? Authenticity as a skill. Be verifiably human, connected to your experience and emotion. My success has come from sharing my failures, my lessons I learned the hard way. If you ever watched another one of my videos, my authenticity might be why you're watching this one. Or maybe it's why you'll watch another one in the future. And here's why this matters to you specifically. As AI gets better at generating information, your authenticity is the only thing that makes you irreplaceable. This is your moat against AI. AI can generate information alone. That's just more noise. But it can't generate your story, your failures, your real experience of going from burnt out to full-time in under a year. But before you think I'm saying AI is the enemy and that you should avoid it completely, that's not what I'm saying at all. Everyone has an opinion on AI. Some say it's ruining everything and others say it's stupid if you don't use it. They're both missing the point. Pandora's box is already open. You can't close it. And no matter how you feel about it, it's here. So what do you do about it? Here's where I draw the line. I use AI almost every day, but there's a specific way that I use it. AI should help you create, not create for you. It is a tool, not a replacement. It can be a sounding board when you're stuck, help you past hurdles that kill your flow, organize your thoughts, rearrange things that would take you hours to puzzle together. In the right context, it can amplify you, but it shouldn't think for you. Let me give you an example. Just last week, I was working with AI on my title strategy. I've been making titles for months, and I thought I had it figured out, and then it helped me to see something I had been missing. the difference between acute pain and chronic pain positioning. That's a fancy way of saying make specific titles people actually care about right now instead of something that they know is a problem but isn't urgent. Look at this title that I had made before. How to build a YouTube channel that actually grows. That's a chronic pain. Yeah, people need that. But nobody wakes up thinking today's the day I need to learn how to build a channel. What does build a channel even mean? Compare that to stop wasting 20 hours on videos that get 300 views. do this first. That's acute. That's This just happened to me and I need an answer right now. And this matters because as competition increases, the difference between a good title and a great title is the difference between 300 and 3,000 views. That one insight from working with AI was, and I hate to use this term, gamechanging. It made me want to go back and redo all my old titles. It didn't tell me what to make. It helped me see a pattern I was missing. I still had to understand my niche. I still had to apply it. That's the right use of AI in my opinion, amplifying you, not replacing you. And if you want to see exactly how I use AI in my workflow without letting it take over, I made a whole video walking you through the entire process from idea to upload. It's how I make consistent weekly content without burning out. There is a link up there in the corner and I'll also put it down in the description. And you know, I got to say it. If this is clicking for you, hit the like button. It helps YouTube know that this is valuable. So yeah, you're using AI as a tool. You're being authentic. You're building that library. But there's one more piece that determines whether you can actually stick with this long enough to win. You're making good content, but something feels off. You're following all the advice that works for others, but it doesn't seem to work for you. Why doesn't it feel right? You're building on someone else's foundation, their strengths, their personality, their approach. And maybe it works for a while, but can you sustain it? And this is critical because YouTube is a long-term game. Most creators quit before they get good. The ones who win, the ones who can stick around. I see this all the time in my one-on-one coaching. Creators copying what works for big channels and yeah, maybe it works for a while, but then I asked them, can you sustain this? Do you actually enjoy the process or are you just going through the motions because someone said it works? And I went through this myself. Early on, I tried to match the energy and structure I saw working for other creators and it felt fake. Then I realized they're building on their strengths, their personality, their approach. I was building on someone else's foundation. When I started leaning into what naturally came to me, my teaching style, my pacing, my stories, everything got easier. Not just easier to make, but the videos performed better. You need to stay in the game long enough to win. And if you don't enjoy the journey, you're going to quit before you get there. Your content needs to fit you unapologetically you. What do you bring to the table? Your stories, your perspective, your natural strengths. And yeah, it takes practice to be you on camera. It's not that simple. But when you create from your authentic position with intention, something happens. When you're unapologetically you, you connect with your audience, which sends the clearest signal to the algorithm about who you serve. Your audience knows what to expect. They can trust you because you're real. You can actually sustain this for the long term. Those are the four rules. Build a bingeable library. Be authentically human. Use AI to amplify, not replace. Fit your content to you. But just knowing them isn't enough. Now that you understand the rules, there's one more trap that I see creators fall into. They go through the checklist. I'm optimizing my thumbnails. I'm writing better titles, posting consistently, and then still nothing happens. What's the difference? Knowing isn't the same as doing. Intention isn't just understanding. It's execution. So, if you want to set yourself up to succeed and grow faster than everyone else in 2026, here's what to double down on. Spend more time in ideiation. Patty pointed this out. Successful small channels invest more time in their ideas. Not just what should I make, but who is this for and why do they need it right now. Create for the same person consistently, not different people, not whatever seems to be working this week. The same person with the same problem. That's your signal cutting through the noise. Use AI intentionally as an amplifier for your ideas, not a replacement for them. Double down on what fits you, not what fits others. You're in this for the long haul. Be verifiably human. Your stories, your failures, your experience. That's what AI can't replicate. Everything else is just noise. And it's a roller coaster. You're going to make videos that you're proud of that go nowhere. You're going to second guessess everything, but you're also going to find joy in mastering your craft. It's all a part of the journey. The game keeps changing. The creators who win are the ones who cut through the noise with intention, not react to it. Quick thing that I promised, my endcreen strategy. Pay attention to what I'm about to say. How not just saying, "Watch this next." I'll tell you there's something missing, which creates curiosity. That's what makes someone click instead of scroll. Every video should end by identifying the gap that's still there and then pointing to what fills it. That's how you turn one view into five. But most creators don't have a system to make sure every single video uploaded is with intention. They know what they should do, but they don't have a checklist to actually do it every time. And that's why you need to watch this video. It's the nine things you must do before uploading to YouTube. Everything you need to check to make sure you're building momentum and not just hoping for

  Top Comments:
  1. @FinishStrong-Retiring [2 likes]: always good info
  2. @Mrhookes [2 likes]: I didn't hit the watch button by mistake....👍👍👍
  3. @ClaimsandCoverage101 [1 likes]: I use AI for titles and descriptions. That's it. But it's soooo helpful
  4. @laughoutloud69 [1 likes]: YouTube's algorithm makes me laugh my titties off.
  5. @LonerWolf1224 [1 likes]: Ever heard about tenyer in corporate jobs? YT growth is just like that. You need to make your record with your own work consistently to get the attention of YT. Just think as it like you getting the promotion you looking for in your job by looking appealing to your HR. That's what exactly happening in here. Just think YT algorithm as a human HR instead of a computer program. Then things will start to make sense to ya.
  6. @PandaEatsJP [1 likes]: My favorite slogan of my most beloved President ❤️
  7. @lyricallypleasing [1 likes]: new channel (fresh out the womb ) less than 1wk old. thanks for the info
  8. @MrMcGrinn [1 likes]: I wish there was more content on storytelling channels I know we are our own niche but only half of these things apply to us 😢 anyone know of someone discussing this niche?
  9. @TheGameCollector12 [1 likes]: I need to ask I wanted to make a big review for cyberpunk 2077 but I grew on lists and sales videos.

Does that mean I can’t make that video because my audience came from lists?
  10. @PopsWisdomTalk [1 likes]: Awsome video Dave. Thank you for sharing w us. I mentioned you in a video I’m posting in the morning. If you get time and could honestly critique it for me I’d appreciate it. 

I’m proud of you and your accomplishments amigo. God Bless. 🙏🥰
  11. @dustynmiller2497 [1 likes]: Mkultra all over again.  U need shoes to keep up, shop at big5. What is Mkultra😊
  12. @watchaddicts1213 [1 likes]: This is good stuff.   I need oxygen...,
  13. @SummariezRecapz [1 likes]: yes dave thank:face-red-heart-shape::face-red-heart-shape::face-red-heart-shape:
  14. @victoriaryan.23 [1 likes]: I appreciate your videos! Content creation is a journey, with lots of ups and downs. It honestly is like a spiritual process. 

Authenticity is key 🔑
  15. @Nubbe999 [1 likes]: Youtube needs a steady stream of new youtubers that come up with new interesting ideas to keep the platform relevant. So its importnt to support new creators in the beginning, no matter how bad their first content and ideas are in the beginning. 
With that said its also important to help the channels that invest a lot of time and money into doing good content that draws a big audiance.

What is not important is channel just coping other people videos or idead to make the exact same. Or make meaningless AI videos that floods the internet and makes it harder to find the god channels.
  16. @TheRuggedGarage [1 likes]: Hey Dave, I have 2 channels (adventure and Do it yourself fix it stuff) I notice the Adventures channel have very similar progression (42% subs and 43% hours needed) to monetization. I'm wondering if certain niches just don't attract subs as I have 94% of my hours in 8 months but only 32% of the subs required. I get it, on a DIY type of thing I am guilty myself of just getting the info I need and leaving. Im just thinking this might be normal for fixing type or videos.
  17. @NathanTV500 [1 likes]: 400 subs in a few months and I still feel like I’m not doing enough and can grow quicker. No promo I’ve solely focused on the algorithm and it seems it does rate me haha
  18. @FengShuiElementals: Wow so well said thank you for your authenticity and sharing it 👏🏽
  19. @cryptoprincess143: Small YouTuber here let's gather
  20. @QuietMoneyCode: For all small channels. WE CAN DO THIS! DONT QUIT!

- YouTube Insider Exposes How The Algorithm ACTUALLY Works: Kind: captions Language: en the YouTube Insider just revealed three ways the algorithm actually works and what I found interesting is how it act like switches inside of a platform that when triggered will push your content to thousands of new viewers and subscribers you see my guess is you spend hours crafting every single video that you post on YouTube you pour your heart and your soul into the ideas you pick the scripts you write the videos you film the content you edit y every single time you hit publish you're disappointed with a result but why why are your videos failing when you feel you're doing everything the so-called experts tell you well what if I told you it's got nothing to do with you as a Creator the niche that you've picked or the amount of effort you put into your videos and instead the real problem is a simple lack of understanding of how the YouTube algorithm Works what the hell are you talking about well in this video I'm going to try and convince you of that I'm going to share with you three insights this YouTube Insider revealed that going to the Deep mechanics of how the YouTube algorithm works and once you're aware of these insights you'll be able to create content that reaches out to brand new audiences and build a community around your channel so who is this YouTube Insider well his name is Todd and he's responsible for the homepage and recommendation systems at YouTube and he's been working on them for over a decade now so if anyone knows how the YouTube algorithm works it's Todd we as a Creator Community appreciate Todd because he's willing to put himself out there on video and post on social media to talk about how how YouTube works and it's these latest round of tweets for xers or twixes that caught our attention and it starts with this the algorithm is triggered by high satisfaction content now it makes sense the algorithm pushes content that clearly satisfies viewers however most creators think that this is only determined by metrics so we're talking about watch time retention likes shares comments but this is where Todd revealed an important factor that many creators basically Miss at the YouTube level a user coming back more often and watching content they report as valued is a strong sign we are improving satisfaction what I think Todd is hinting at here is that the algorithm highly values returning viewers which naturally means that you should be optimizing your videos so that viewers come back and watch more of your content in the future which leaves us with a big question how do we optimize content so that we create return viewers well let's take a look at what Todd said the audience tab in analytics provides ins ites into videos that attracted new viewers to your channel who came back to watch on another day I think this is a good signal for satisfaction along with likes subscribers shares and some comments the audience tab is like a window into your audience's mind where you can see what videos are causing people to return to your content so break down your top videos that created the most returned viewers in your analytics Tab and ask yourself are there any patterns you notice between these videos and if fact isn't enough to convince you to stop making random videos on random topics for a random audience then you'll just end up like this the second Insight Todd revealed was this if you want the algorithm to push your videos you need to create a community feedback Council which I'll come back to in a minute the reason this is so powerful is that it gives you a potent set of ideas that resonate greatly with your audience which means that they're always going to be coming back to watch more of your content I haven't shared the story before but when the world was coming out of the covid lockdown and more people were touching grass the vid IQ YouTube channel was really struggling views were way down there were as many people subscribing and it was a really big headache to try and figure out I mean here we are trying to guide creators to grow their channels and our channel was shrinking so what did we do we turned to our community for feedback we used the community tab we ran polls we asked questions we doubled up our live stream offering from not just Channel audits but also video Audits and a constant Fe team kept coming back to us the majority of our audience were small Channels with four pain points views subscribers monetization and how to understand the YouTube algorithm so we made a very strategic decision no longer would we make content to try and rank number one for a particular search T instead we packaged our content that tapped into the emotional desires stresses struggles goals and fears of views monetization subscribers The algorithm them in essence we switched from a search traffic channel to a browse and suggested traffic channel and you should know by now that 70% of all YouTube views come from recommendations not search all of which meant we started growing again and we were helping more creators and we bugged ourselves one of these oh I can see you've subscribed thank you very much we're Hing to hit 2 million subscribers by the end of this year the tldr of his story is listen to your audience because they matter most and the audience equals the algorithm but Todd's insights take this powerful strategy one step further I personally Foster a diverse community of fans and critics viewers and other creators to give me honest feedback about what was most and least valued in my videos comments are one tool but you have to be careful about selection bias especially in top comments basically what Todd is saying is that you should create a tight-knit feedback community and this is because contrary to what many people believe the algorithm doesn't push videos that YouTube wants people to watch it pushes videos based on what videos viewers are already enjoying another Point Todd emphasizes is that the aggregate results of what succeeds on YouTube is more a reflection of what emerges from the experiences of many individual viewers versus any coordinated strategy by YouTube to centrally steer content across viewers on mass so R van YouTube Engineers typing in a bit of code and changing everything determining the fate of your videos it is the get millions of inputs from every single viewer on the YouTube platform that are influencing whether or not your content gets discovered so by having this community feedback Council you're much more likely to make content that your audience really enjoys and this will naturally an organically lead to the algorithm promoting your video more to find new audiences but how do you create this community feedback Council well you can offer your fans and critics something for free for regular feedback on your videos you can Empower your audience by giving them moderation privileges during live streams that can help represent the viewer opinion of your content and steer it in the right direction you can set up an exclusive Forum or Discord where highly valued members of the community are invited to share their thoughts or you could try setting up a mastermind group of likeminded creators who come together maybe once a week and offer ideas and constructive feedback on each of his videos or if you're not quite ready for any of these steps yet just start posting stuff on that Community tab it is so so powerful the last Insight Todd revealed is that the algorithm won't know what to do with your videos if they're not in the goldilock zone to explain what I mean we're going to divide videos up into three content zones the first is content that's hyper Niche super specific very targeted towards a very particular audience the second content zone is completely opposite it's trying to appeal to the broadest audience possible and the third content zone is a balance of the two so if your goal is to grow as fast as possible and maximize those return viewers what's the best Zone to be well this is what Todd had to say try your best to align with what resonates with the audience like with any brand going too broad dilutes connection too narrow may not achieve enough scale to be viable you have to find a balance where there is room in your target market the examples I've just shown you are from content zones one and two which typically will stifle growth a typical video from Ali adal will expect to get hundreds of thousands of views and neither of these two came close this is because typically the algorithm will first test your video with a subset of your audience if the content is too Niche it may not resonate enough with those viewers if it's too broad it may not create a strong enough connection with those viewers to keep them watching but when you find that goldilock zone where the balance is perfectly weighted between both the results can be amazing for example this video is on a topic that alli's core audience is proven to have a high interest in but it's also appealing to a much wider audience that may have interest in this topic but aren't currently following Ali so how do you find this perfectly weighted Goldilocks zone well first of all let's make sure that your video topics aren't too Niche the more specific a video is the smaller the target audience so ask yourself this question what are the common goals dreams and desires of my target audience and what are their biggest pain points problems obstacles start there but make sure that you don't go too broad it has to be relatable to the audience that you specifically want to speak to it's not enough to just make videos about losing weight and making money everybody wants to do that to make topics like this more relatable you have to ask why and how your specific audience is going to achieve those goals and continue to test ideas and when you find one that works use that as your yard stick to work off of for all future videos by simply adjusting your content ideas you can double even triple your view counts not by putting in any extra effort but just more thought and in this video we've revealed how the definitive expert on YouTube algorithm recommends you do this but if you want a detailed explanation on how to come up with viral ideas that really heat up the algorithm in your favor and I suggest you watch this video next

  Top Comments:
  1. @KeeshoBerkmans [1 likes]: For me they lot probably still have learning as YouTuber
  2. @BoxOfColors-s6t [1 likes]: I guessing this video is only for talking head youtubers?
  3. @Mario-zo1uj [1 likes]: so you re telling me i can have 4 plaqes and all i hae to is ork for youtbe?
  4. @RaulMAnderson101-pr6cj: Algorithms are super stupid to me for this one fact.
They can't distinguish when you're searching out of research vs what regular videos you don't mind seeing in your feed when casually browsing.
Many people get on YT to research topics.
So just because I type in 'cats in Africa', doesn't mean going forward that's all I'm interested in.
I mean I may type in cats, then old airplanes, then spicy foods, that doesn't mean I'm particularly interested in any of those once I found video to answer a question of mine.
But brain dead algorithm to stupid to realize that and whatever your last search was, if figures that's all you're interested in seeing for the rest of your natural life.

YT would improve 100% if they'd simply go back to a no algorithm system, like it was before google bought them, and back when everyone got fair share of views organically and based on searches, not algorithm.
  5. @RGCMinistries: I started my channel 3 days ago I have 9 Subs and 2.3 K views total. Most shorts videos get 400+ views but my longer videos are under 20 views. What can I do yo get the longer videos to get attention and not just my shorts? Thank you!
  6. @ishowpeedClipper: Algorithm please just one video get viral
  7. @Randomstuff_YT333: "All people were touching grass." How wise 🦉
  8. @lordofthelair6716: Its simple you haven't been chosen.
  9. @khanhkhanh-f4j: Great video, thanks!!!
  10. @InfinityHell666: As a Viewer: How many More Times Am I Going to see the Same Stupid Idiotic Videos in My YouTube Feed THAT I DON'T WATCH!!!??? And even if I DID Watch them, They'd be out of my Watch History Before YouTube could Update... The Algorithm is just Bullshit, Plain and Simple... (>ლ)

As a YouTuber: My Definition for Unpopularity is Much more Simple; Take it from me, It's not That People are Better Then You, They Just Don't Care about you... Once again Using My channel as an Example, I know what This internet(And thus The World) Wants, And I've got None of it to Offer.
  11. @samgettets5856: Ohhh. AL Gore rhythm
  12. @trickster19999: YouTube algorithm uses your search history, not just in YouTube but all of your web history. IF you have any website you FREQUENT, save them to the side before you delete all your web history.
  13. @VVV-VeerVichaarViraasat: Interesting and helpful ❤❤
  14. @redempresstcg: Well i have a long way to go, i got 8 views yesterday on my video 🤡  . But the struggle is English part to talk, but i need to keep learning on my mistake to get to my goal.
  15. @TalkingCaramel: Sub do sub
  16. @TaffDerekBaker: ** Todd
  17. @Eyolem-m3c: Thanks
  18. @austinroque: My travel channel is growing, I'm about 16 months in at 14k subs, . I can't really understand what makes one video perform other others. I've had hundreds of thousands of views, only thousands and everything in between. I keep moving and I've given up trying to understand the variable that accounts for this because I can't isolate anything.
  19. @paveltrips: Any travel content creators here?
  20. @Dee-Jayy19: I like how Algorithms are slowly becoming literally fkn Skynet.

- The 2-Minute Algorithm Hack That Helps YouTube Recommend You!!: Kind: captions Language: en - [Narrator] If you're a small YouTuber and your videos are getting zero views, this two-minute hack will change everything. I'm going to show you the hidden settings that most creators don't even know exist. Here's the brutal truth. When you're a new channel, YouTube has no idea what your content is about, or who should see it, so your videos get buried. But YouTube actually tells us how to fix this. According to YouTube, new channels must rely on metadata. Your titles, descriptions, and other signals to help the algorithm understand your content. But there are three secret settings that most creators never touch, that literally teach the algorithm who you are, who should see your videos, and get YouTube to start recommending your content to the right people. I'm about to walk you through each one. So let's start with the first one. Channel keywords. These are invisible keywords that describe your entire channel, not just individual videos. Here's how. Click your profile photo, go to YouTube Studio, then click Settings, then Channel. You'll see a keyword section that 99% of creators leave empty. Add broad keywords like fitness or finance or whatever your channel is about, but also add long tail phrases your audience actually searches for. Instead of just fitness, add, "how to lose weight fast," or "home workout routines." As a regular viewer browsing YouTube, you can't actually see these keywords that channels are using push your content to the right viewers. But with a two buddy extension installed, you can spy on a channel's keywords. That means you can go look at the biggest channels in your niche, see exactly what keywords they're using, and model what's working for them. The second hack is in the upload default settings. In that same menu, click Upload Defaults. This is gold because every video you upload will automatically include these descriptions and tags. What I want you to do here is write a description about your channel, what it's about, who you help, what topics you cover. If you need help, just look at this video's description, but think about this like your elevator pitch for your channel. Now, every time you upload a new video, YouTube will automatically populate this entire description. And above it, you can just add whatever custom description you have for that specific video. This saves a load of time, and make sure that each video has detailed information in the description that helps the algorithm push your video to the right viewers. Now, for the third and final setting, default tags. This one is massive for new channels, because tags are one of the main things that YouTube relies on when your channel is brand new, and the algorithm doesn't have enough data about your content yet. You'll find this in the same upload default section. What you want to do is add about two to five tags that describe your channel as a whole. These tags will automatically be added to every single video you upload. No extra work, no remembering to add them manually. Just like with keywords, you want to make sure you use a mix of broad terms with long tail phrases. These three settings work together like a GPS for the algorithm. They tell YouTube exactly where to drive your content, so your videos can get recommended to more people. Now, getting recommended is just the first step. If you're looking to get monetized, watch time is going to be critical. And if you want to hit that 4,000 hours of watch time milestone faster, I just made this video that I want you to watch next.

  Top Comments:
  1. @TubeBuddy [727 likes]: Please subscribe if this was helpful!
  2. @RoronoaZoro-xs [1 likes]: Plz support your little brother ❤
  3. @vuzaimpanda [1 likes]: Thanks
  4. @nolanvandagriff [1 likes]: Gonna be big YouTubers gather here
  5. @Zeeedits-m6v: Bullsh*t
  6. @Kabarynawuk: We win one day!
  7. @maybewyxos: never expected a chrome extension to make a youtube tutorial
  8. @MiniMe-q8p: How do to this on phone?
  9. @ImeMy-u8k: How to do this on phone ?
  10. @Vindheimr: thx for the video, unfortunately it did not work for me🙁
  11. @adaro_solutions: Great content!
  12. @talkingtomloved: suscribe krlo yr
  13. @AtlasMyths-d8f: Great bro
  14. @Rankrush_ai.official: it's kinda annoying that random vids got million views while your consistency only got 40 views
  15. @RND_1M-r7x: My video getting viral two days and hold on 23k views... why is it happening
  16. @Wannwarstdu: Tried to start a channel only with shorts...so far there is one subscriber. It's something! 😊
  17. @JQLShorts: W
  18. @SlayahhTV: I been at it for about 30 days nonstop thanks for this video very helpful
  19. @GrowKingGermany: Small youtuber gather here
  20. @mysticjokercz6743: Im gaming channel

- Fall Asleep While I Reveal the Secrets of the YouTube Algorithm: Kind: captions Language: en So, I recently found a YouTube channel where a creator calmly narrates their way through shooting people through the head. And we've only gone and done him from across the map. Oh, it's square. Straight between the eyes. He's reaching for his nose. He doesn't realize it's already gone. >> And incredibly, 2 million people have used this video to fall asleep. Or at least I think they have. And this so easily could have been a one-off viral moment. But instead, it's become a repeatable format. And the creator who built it understands something about YouTube that most creators are still completely oblivious to. So, in this video, we're going to show you the three-step strategy that birthed an entirely new content formula, a brand new channel, and the very serious question of whether or not you're supposed to fall asleep watching these videos. The channel is called Slogs. It's gaming content, Sniper Elite. It's a decent-size audience, and they clearly know what they're doing. Now, do not stop watching this video just because I'm talking about a gaming channel. The strategy is what's critical here, not the topic, not the niche, not the genre. Anyway, in January 2026, they posted a video called Fall Asleep While I Hunt Sniper Players. It's a 90-minute gameplay session where the creator plays Sniper Elite trying to hunt someone down and execute them. To do that, I'm using the quietest weapons in the game so as not to disrupt your relaxation and sleep potential. The video has 2 million views, over 50,000 likes, and nearly 3,000 comments. Now, that in itself is pretty interesting, right? But here's where things get really instructional for you. They spun out an entirely separate channel, Sleepy Slogs, dedicated entirely to this new format. And that channel has been racking up hundreds of thousands of views per video ever since. That is a creator who knows how to read data. And that skill, reading your own outliers, is the difference between a channel that stumbles onto something once and never does anything about it, and a channel that builds a sustainable format out of it. An outlier, by the way, is a video that performs way above a channel's average, as illustrated by this number, along with the fact that the video is still getting 300 views per hour, 4 months after it was published. If you click on the outlier number, it will take you to more outlier videos using the same idea and title strategy, of which there are many. >> [clears throat] >> If you want to use this tool right now, head on over to www.vidIQ.com/start. I'll tell you what, let's pull up one of these videos for closer inspection. Fall asleep while I hunt sniper players. It's a 70-minute gaming session in Sniper Elite Resistance. There's no face cam, soft ambient music underneath. If you're still awake, you uh you imagine a rendition of a sniper leviathan, and let that lull you into a state of slumber. And then this British guy, completely deadpan, narrating the elimination of enemy snipers like he's presenting a nature documentary. >> Oh my goodness, what an incredible long shot right across the map. Oh, I've taken his jaw out. I've sent him right into heaven. >> And then, 5 minutes later, while hunting a player called Dorian across a war-torn European map. >> one guy. His name is Dorian, which, interestingly, is the name of my parents' cat. Don't know if this guy is my parents' cat. Probably not, but you can never be too careful. >> Over 800,000 views, 20,000 likes, 1,500 comments from a video whose stated goal is to put you to sleep before you reach the end of it. So, what is actually happening here? Well, I'm calling this the content collision framework. Three steps, three deliberate creative decisions that Slog made that turned a contradiction into a video category. Sleep content on YouTube is a crowded space. Rain sounds, brown noise, calming music. It's been on the platform for two decades. All things designed to be boring. So, Slog decided to pick something very much not designed for sleep. The deafening fire of a sniper rifle. And doing it anyway. And it didn't stop with sniper games. Slog branched out. Fall asleep while I rob rich people. Hmm, the cognitive dissonance in that title alone is worth a click. You don't believe it. You have to check, is this real? Is this satire? Can watching other people's homes get burgled while I try to fall asleep on my own be weirdly effective. I'm driving out with their vehicle. Well, what a vehicle is. This is an absolute beast of a vehicle. Much better than my piece of trash. I'll be honest with you, I had questions. What we've effectively discovered here is the impossible premise and it's remarkably powerful. So, let's put some of this evidence and theory into practice. Write down your channel's niche and now write down a video format that is the complete opposite. It shouldn't work. Then ask yourself, is there an audience being served by the overlap? Sleep content viewers want long, calming company. Gaming viewers want personality and stakes. Slog found the Venn diagram or maybe he invented it and firmly planted a flag in it. Your job is to find yours before someone else does. Because once someone else has claimed a content collision, it's very hard to be the second one. Now, let's talk about how boring these videos are that you to sleep. In this particular video trying to break out of prison, the creator spends the bulk of it completely lost, digging a hole, trading with other prisoners, then hitting bedrock on every side of his tunnel, genuinely convinced the game is completely broken at this point. >> Please get me out of here. Please, for the love of God, get me out of here. Where did I go? Where did I go? Oh, no. Please, not like this. Then, in a final blind run, he falls through a chasm he can barely see, stumbles through total darkness, and ends up on the other side of a ladder. Outside, he doesn't even realize he's escaped until he has to repair a fuse box. He's completed a prison break by accident in the dark without even knowing what he was doing. Congratulations. You managed to escape from prison in 2 hours, 21 minutes, and 57 seconds. There are stakes. There is danger. Something is happening. The format doesn't work because it removes tension. It works because it reframes it. The commentary is calm, the pacing is unhurried, but underneath all of that, there's always the escape. There's always an objective. There is always the question, well, is he actually going to get out of this very weird prison? But, at 2 hours, 19 minutes, and 30 seconds, there's more than ample opportunity to fall asleep watching this video. And that is the tension anchor. The question the viewer is waiting to see answered. On a cooking channel, it's does this recipe work? On a finance channel, it's does this strategy actually make money? On a sleep gaming channel, it's does he get the kill or steal a car or break out of prison? Apparently, I don't know. It's quite a new niche for me. So, what you need to do is identify yours before you even script a single word. If your video doesn't have a tension anchor, your audience has no reason to stay. They'll fall asleep watching our video in the worst way. The way that means they're never coming back to your content. If you scroll through the comments of these videos, you'll soon discover that the audience get the premise of the content, and some of those comments are genuinely quite remarkable. "This worked. Now I'm back to watch the whole video and hopefully stay awake." "Thank you." That last one, read it again. Here we have the parasocial loop. Someone fell asleep, woke up, and came back to watch it, and they're actually awake. That's because they care about what happens. Not just as a sleep aid, they care about the creator. Or, they're mirroring the creator with a nice little bit of sarcasm. To date, all sleep content creators have removed themselves from the equation entirely when it comes to their content. Slog's, however, puts himself right in the middle of it. >> Thank you for potato soup. Mm. I'm getting my wisdom teeth taken out soon. I is uh I'm going to be in big potato soup world for like a week, for sure. Looking forward to that big time. >> And he apologizes for loud noises that disrupt the intended experience. Some rather unrelaxing events have just transpired as I've spawned in here. I'm sorry about that. I hope you're still sleeping comfortably. Maybe the sound of the V2 rocket launch will bring you back to a state of relaxation. And the audience really responds to this by commenting, returning to watch more videos, subscribing, and joining a Discord and a Patreon. All this from a sleep channel. All this for a violent gaming sleep channel. What this parasocial loop is teaching us here is that personality is not simply a nice-to-have. It is actually the retention mechanism. Every time this creator cracks a deadpan joke or goes off on a tangent about cats, he's giving the audience a reason to come back that has nothing to do with the game, the genre, or the algorithm. >> Why is it so enjoyable to have a job in a video game and so terrible to have a job in real life? If there was just a way you could track your XP progression through life. I mean, I think the amount of more that people would do would be absolutely insane. And the fastest way to build a returning audience is to be specific, strange, and unapologetically yourself because that combination, by definition, is impossible to replicate. Here's what this is all telling us about YouTube right now, today in 2026. The niches that you think are saturated aren't actually saturated. What is saturated is the conventional approach to those niches. The question Slogo answered before posting this single video wasn't what content should I make? It was more along the lines of what two things have never been in the same room before at the same time. And is there an audience for that interesting collision? That was a nice shot with the DL QAR as you can see the uh Well, if your eyes are awake. And just to remind you of the origin story here. This video was a new idea format on a very established channel covering one specific video game. But the community loved it so much that they wanted more and they asked for it. The creator realized that not only could they replicate this format on the game they were so well known for, but they could also transplant this format into other video games, too. Thus, creating a nearly infinite number of video ideas and being the sole creator in this new sub gaming niche. The channels breaking through right now are almost all genre collisions. Two well-defined audiences, one format that serves both. A premise so specific it creates its own category. If you are building a channel today and you're not asking yourself, "What is my genre collision?" you are trying to build a channel in the most crowded part of the YouTube platform. And the difference between the channel that breaks through and the one that stalls at a couple of hundred views is often this. The breakout channel discovered a space on the platform that didn't exist until they made it. However, I appreciate that colliding the gaming niche with the fall asleep format might just be a little too bonkers to replicate. So, there is a softer and more accessible strategy that involves bending the niche. It's a strategy that's dominating YouTube recently. And we did a deep dive with tons of examples that you can join me in right now. As long as you didn't fall asleep, of course.

  Top Comments:
  1. @vidIQ [46 likes]: You fell asleep watching this video didn't you? 😴
  2. @dpcreation8678 [1 likes]: 😊😊
  3. @Intellestelarium: So going to sleep to this positive and uplifting themes such as this .. is not going to be contra productive for our humanity ? our sanity ? Our brain wellbeing ?  Just bring the meteorite already !
  4. @DrBiology3: But WHY? kids go to sleep with people being shot in the head. No wonder Govt are after YouTube! Terrible!
  5. @RadarNetizenID: Very inspiring 🎉🎉🎉
  6. @Nurhannblogu: Neden Türkçe altyazı eklemiyorsunuz? 😏
  7. @ArtJourneyUK: Why on God's green earth would anyone want to fall asleep listening to gruesome shooting commentary? That's nightmare fuel... and disgusting.
  8. @ArtJourneyUK: The problem with these sleep channels is that you're woke up every 3-5 minutes with blaring ads!
  9. @dpcreation8678: What is no english speaking is hindi please hindi
  10. @golvifootball: I will not make yt video again.
  11. @Echocosmic-1: This will be very... very.... interesting.
  12. @sandhumalket: Thnks for information bro ❤❤❤❤❤🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉
  13. @Turbo_Gamer1986: Anyone from gmail ? 😂😂
  14. @hamzabouids: ❤❤❤
  15. @AKABLACK1o1: Hi
  16. @Animatrox-x: Que locura
  17. @silki24: so this Channel you show is monetized while showing faces being blown to pieces ?
  18. @bholarana1546: धन्यवाद ईटु चैनल 🎉🎉🙏🙏
  19. @DatingASAP: great video
  20. @SleepBetterDaily-k3n: The 'Content Collision Framework' is such a brilliant concept! I think many creators get stuck trying to fit into a pre-existing box, but Slogs proves that the real growth is in the intersections. Have you guys noticed other niche collisions that are currently breaking through the noise outside of gaming?

- How Ryan Trahan Got 1000% More Views (Genius Strategy): Kind: captions Language: en this guy has gone from losing subscribers to one of the fastest growing channels on youtube ryan trahan originally started off making content around his career as a college athlete but then shot to fame in 2018 when he started pulling millions of views on videos like these but one year ago ryan hit a major problem his growth had completely dried up in the months of november and december 2020 he was actually losing subscribers and his videos were sometimes struggling to crack 500k he looked like another victim of the infamous youtube downward spiral where you blow up peak and start to fall off but a year later the complete opposite has happened ryan has managed to 10x his average views per video and more than double his subscriber count getting 3 million in one year what did he discover here well it turns out this 23 year old from texas knows something most people don't about youtube in january of last year he started implementing a three-step formula to create viral videos every single time so let's break it down in just a minute we're going to analyze this video here and i'm going to show you how ryan has managed to combine retention tactics from both mr beast and emma chamberlain but we need to start with step number one ryan discovered the key to high potential ideas we can see this by comparing ryan's last video of 2020 to his first video of 2021 the most obvious difference is the view count but when you look further they are actually two completely different strategies this video is what i like to call a maintenance video it's in vlog format and it's completely focused on his life ryan his friend and his wedding are the main subjects for the video if you don't know ryan why would you click even the language is tailored for returning viewers he starts out by assuming you already know about his wedding as you guys know i'm getting married i know but i don't have a best man yet on youtube you can break viewership up into three sections core audience casual audience and new viewers maintenance videos like this only really appeal to the core audience and some of the casuals this on the other hand is what i like to call a growth video and it has four main traits the subject is not a personality in this case the subject is the world's smallest airbnb that's the reason you're going to click not for ryan this gives the video broad interest it's designed to be interesting to new viewers it's also in the format of a challenge which adds to the intrigue how can he live overnight in such a small airbnb this instantly poses a story the fourth trait is it has novelty and shock value it's not every day you see this on your feet now i've just used four points to describe this specific video but these same traits apply to every single video ryan has made since you see the huge dip he experienced at the end of 2020 was during a period where he was uploading back-to-back maintenance videos there's probably only one or two videos on screen right now that would be interesting to a new viewer from an algorithmic perspective youtube rewards people who can consistently bring in new viewers switching to only making growth videos made it easier for ryan to build serious momentum however we all know youtube isn't as simple as that lots of people have good ideas not very many people grow as quickly as ryan so i decided to dig deep into the actual content and i was actually really surprised with what i found which takes us on to step 2 ryan has a genius retention strategy pretty much every video ryan makes is filled with comments like this we know the algorithm loves videos that keep people watching from beginning to end so what is ryan doing that's so special well his strategy is to blend multiple styles of content together this video is optimized and fast-paced like a mr beast video but it still feels personal and relationship based like an emma chamberlain video he mixes retention tactics with humor and personality let's take a look at how he does this in action i don't think you realize how crazy the world's quietest room really is apparently 30 minutes inside will drive you completely insane that's what they're saying anyway i don't believe that i think that's baloney i think that is a large pile of a meat like substance this is an intro master class the first thing he does is instantly reaffirm the click he shows you pretty much the exact image in the thumbnail right away why well the time when the biggest percentage of people click off a video is in the first few seconds by showing exactly what you clicked for this can help alleviate the falloff also notice how he doesn't use any fluffy language like welcome back or anything like that if there's any part of the video where you shouldn't be personal it's the intro you need to hook the viewer's attention right away ryan also sets the stakes he mentions that 30 minutes inside the quiet room supposedly drives you insane and then goes on to say he believes that's a myth he instantly gives the video a why this is a very optimized start but then he lets his personality show in his editing i traveled all the way from texas to minnesota yeah i'm committed to break the record for the longest time spent in the world's quietest room 45 minutes the creator of the world's quietest room is a man named steve steve warfield of warfield laboratories i'm scared of this man for a number of reasons not only does he send two word response emails but also orfield laboratories literally sounds like the place a demogorgon would be hiding in the next season of stranger things steve seems to be making a funny joke because i'm literally just wearing a white t-shirt and black gym shorts as simple as the previous 20 seconds might seem this is perfect youtube storytelling first of all it's low production value intentionally the audience on youtube don't really care about fancy transitions or text effects it feels more relatable when someone uses a font like this his delivery is also pretty mellow he sounds like a normal person which adds to this relatability also notice how it is pretty much non-stop talking data shows us that video footage with talking holds viewers attention better i guess it's harder to click off a video when someone is mid-sentence the really smart thing he does though is use humor in contributing moments what i mean by this is his humor is tied into the overall story for example when he introduces steve finding out who made the room is really important to the story he could have tried to make a funny moment out of a scene in the airport but that's distracting from the storyline and not contributing to it after this ryan sticks to the task at hand and gets straight into the quiet room he immediately reminds the viewers of the challenge he has to beat so according to the internet the world record is 41 minutes in this room i'm gonna beat that i guess it's not the world's quietest room if i keep making noise so let the games begin a few minutes later though he does something pretty interesting silence is louder than the last time i told my dad i didn't like his pork chops and that was some loud silence and steve thinks he knows why i didn't like those pork chops everything that stimulates you masks everything else that stimulates you so for example if you go into a noisy bar the hamburger doesn't taste so good the beer doesn't taste as good if you go into a quiet bar they both taste more subtle you can get more out of them because your brain isn't processing the noise now that i think about it i was definitely on my phone while eating that pork chop and i was so distracted i couldn't even appreciate the flavor this is a really clever way of building rapport with the audience he presents a relatable situation but here's the key it's still tied to the theme of the video some people worry that youtube is getting too optimized and that there's no room for personal connection but scenes like this are where you can make it happen relationship building shouldn't feel like a tangent or a disruption it should be woven into the storyline this same storyline is revisited towards the end of the video [Music] this storytelling is all well and good but we haven't even talked about what i believe made the biggest difference which takes us on to step three of the formula becoming a clickbait master there are four main things ryan does in his thumbnails that make them irresistible to click the first trait is exaggeration we know that the real quiet room doesn't look anywhere near as interesting as this but at the end of the day if you still deliver in the video the viewer won't feel lied to clickbait by exaggerating but still delivering is the new meta you'll also notice ryan is brilliant at using contrasting colors in this thumbnail the bright orange of the jumpsuit heavily contrasts against the black background you can also see with this white against green and blue against brown ryan knows people glance at thumbnails in milliseconds contrasting colors grab the eye he almost always shows some form of action in this case he's almost bent over in pain and is pressing his hands against his ears this perfectly complements the title imagine how boring this thumbnail would be if it was ryan smiling and pointing at the room he wants to let the viewer know he's attempting something extreme and this action backs it up he also is very effective at using text just like the contrasting colors this draws your focus as you're scrolling by and just like the action it can be used to reinforce the storyline or challenge text in the thumbnail should be short preferably under four words and it must add more intrigue not just repeat the title like this which is far less interesting ryan uses these four factors in pretty much all his thumbnails now he also invented his own style for his money challenges which have inspired thumbnails all across youtube speaking of money making my first one dollar on the internet was one of the most important moments of my life so i've got a challenge for you to do the same that could win you 500 which brings me on to today's video sponsor shopify the best place to start selling online the biggest reason most online stores fail is because they never start so i timed myself setting up this shopify store to sell photos of my dog guess how long it took seven minutes in the time it takes to watch a youtube video i now officially have an online store so here's the challenge first start a shopify store using the link below then make just one dollar or more selling a product of your choice whether it be a photo t-shirt or maybe just a digital product then screenshot the sale and tag me on my twitter account i'll pick one person that ran them and give them 500 the best part is you can use the link in the description below to get a free 14-day trial to shopify so in as little as seven minutes you can start selling online for free i hope you learned a thing or two from this video ryan truly is one of the best creators on the platform right now i'll also be giving another 500 to someone who subscribes in the next seven days but for now youtube thinks you'll like this video next let's see if they're right

  Top Comments:
  1. @paddygalloway8780 [128 likes]: It's been a while so to make sure I hit that algorithm can I get 5,000 likes?? Make sure to sign up for a free trial to shopify here: http://shopify.com/paddy
  2. @mousesmike886 [9 likes]: THE RICH SEES AN ECONOMIC CRISIS AS A GARAGE SALE ALSO THE RICH STAYS RICH BY INVESTING AND DIVERSIFYING THEIR PORTFOLIO WITH BITCOIN TRADE, CRYPTO CURRENCY AND FOREX TRADING WHICH IS THE WISEST THING EVERY INDIVIDUAL NEEDS TO DO AND IT'S REAL PROFITING
  3. @Lilswizzyormontgomeryswizz [1 likes]: @AodhanBranagan skits/memes great vids 3 vids at the at the moment
  4. @ANARJEETVLOGHEER [1 likes]: Nice🎉
  5. @TheWartFiles: So many copycat youtubers.
  6. @beswooned: I've spent six hours in an anechoic chamber. Easy.
  7. @TaigiTWeseDiplomat--Formosan: THX FOR YOUR SHARING SO FAR...
  8. @techpoka: use hindi audio bubbed next time bro
  9. @EmpireofProducts: Ryan Trahan really is a YouTube genius Honestly.
  10. @threeapp: When i watch your videos, every time i get new ideas in my mind. Thx for your deeper analysis.
  11. @Russman: Thanks! I love your videos.
  12. @samuelrauschenberger: if i blow up on youtube i will give all my money to you
  13. @applejuice999: thanks for this!! so helpful i cant believe this is on YT for free
  14. @OtisBlanch: Thank you for this
  15. @JadeWYT: I think you use the same tips @paddygalloway8780
  16. @razabadass: Thank you for the videos on my youtubing inspiration Ryan! Raza :)
  17. @bz7114: Ryan Trahan initially gained fame on YouTube in 2018, but experienced a decline in growth and even lost subscribers in late 2020.
To counter this, Ryan implemented a three-step formula to create viral videos consistently.
Step 1: Ryan discovered the key to high potential ideas. He shifted from making "maintenance videos" focused on his personal life, which appealed mainly to his core audience, to making "growth videos" with broad interest and novelty that would attract new viewers.
Step 2: Ryan developed a genius retention strategy. He blended multiple styles of content together, combining retention tactics from creators like Mr Beast and Emma Chamberlain. His videos were optimized, fast-paced, and personalized, keeping viewers engaged throughout.
Step 3: Ryan became a clickbait master by utilizing four main elements in his thumbnails. He exaggerated elements, used contrasting colors, showed action, and included effective text to grab viewers' attention while accurately representing the video content.
By implementing these strategies, Ryan managed to increase his average views per video by 10x and more than double his subscriber count, achieving significant growth within a year.
  18. @miyaelsewhere: Very good breakdown, THANKS!
  19. @dylanmcc36: U look break down so much retention details but that all goes out the window with you for sponsors, I immediately clicked off😂
  20. @connor_1x1x1x1: You should make a video about the growth of NCS! I bet that would be extremely interesting, I would definitely watch that video.

- How Beluga Gained 4 Million Subscribers in 3 Months (Genius Strategy): Kind: captions Language: en this has been the craziest youtube journey of all time i think we might actually be the fastest channel to hit 4 million subscribers in 3 months with like 50 videos yes you just heard that right this kid in his bedroom who makes random videos about discord conversations has built one of the fastest growing youtube channels in history and the best part is this was all planned you see up until a few months ago beluga was gaining about 800 subscribers a month but then in june this happened beluga with his infamous cat profile picture suddenly started getting recommended all across youtube what makes it more interesting is the reasons for this sudden growth are very hard to identify his thumbnails are often poorly cropped and blurry and his videos are mainly just discord conversations with no voice over i mean sure it's funny but how can a made-up discord conversation between two cats have 25 million views what are we missing what could beluga possibly have discovered about youtube in june that led to this growth well i decided to dig deeper into beluga's backstory and it shouldn't surprise you that this guy is a lot smarter than it seems in fact beluga has pretty much discovered the new blueprint for how to grow a youtube channel he used the three-step system to beat the algorithm the thing is when beluga first started his channel it was very unclear what his strategy was i mean his first videos included a reaction to a man being attacked by a goose a random minecraft documentary and a commentary video on dream the really interesting thing was hidden inside this video here on the surface it may look like a simple explanation of why he was changing his name to beluga but within these 67 seconds it became clear that he knew something that no one else did i changed my channel name from survival mode to beluga because i think it's a better name and also starting next week i'm going to post some of the best videos on the entire internet i have some huge plans for the channel and i really appreciate your support if this channel blows up in the future you might want to like the video and comment now to prove you were here when it started i mean having confidence is one thing but the way beluga spoke here made me realize something this wasn't his first rodeo which takes us on to step number one beluga had a catalyst right now a lot of people say youtube is too competitive and there is some truth behind this there has never been more creators competing for the same audience but here's the good thing youtube's algorithm rewards great videos now that might sound overly simple but when you strip back all the noise its purpose is to show intriguing and well-made videos to the right audience as you may know youtube measures this with two main metrics click through rate i.e the percentage of people who click when shown the video and average view duration which is how long these people end up watching the video for here's the difficulty though how can youtube tell if a video is good if no one sees it in the first place it's a chicken and egg scenario the first 1 000 viewers are always the hardest to capture some creators target search using keywords some try to make videos about current trends hoping to get sweeped up into the wave of content and then there's the shortcut strategy that beluga used utilizing a growth catalyst you see the truth is this wasn't beluga's first channel in fact his youtube journey had actually began in 2019 when he launched a channel about lucid dreaming after growing this channel to almost 1 million subscribers it was clear beluga wanted a new challenge he decided to go all in on cross promotion he mentioned and linked his new channel at every opportunity he also made community posts about it and even funneled traffic to his beluga videos through end screens this promotion definitely helped but it only brought in a few thousand viewers so why was it so significant well it was the spark that lit the fire now youtube had an audience to test beluga's videos with they could show these viewers the videos and if the click-through rate and average view duration was good the algorithm would kick in and start pushing the videos to more people if a channel is set up in the right way an injection of people can lead to a snowballing effect but there's a problem you see a lot of people think getting a shout out from a larger channel is like hitting the jackpot but if the content you're making isn't already optimized it can have the opposite effect so how did beluga make videos that the algorithm loved well that takes us on to step two beluga became the session time king we all know watch time is very important to grow on youtube so how can a guy who makes two and three minute videos be getting so much promotion well that's because beluga makes bingeable loops of content the videos may be short but the average session time is long this phrase is used to describe the total duration that someone is watching youtube content not just one video think about this from youtube's perspective they could show a viewer a 10 minute video and they might click off halfway through and leave the platform this would result in just 5 minutes of session time but if they show the same viewer a beluga video they might go on to watch three more all the way through leading to a total session time of over 8 minutes this is why the length is irrelevant if you can make videos that people watch from start to finish so how does beluga do this let's take a look at this video here and break it down in action the first thing i want you to pay attention to is beluga's constant use of sound effects [Music] okay in these opening 10 seconds there were 11 different sound changes the discord pinging almost forces you to stay engaged the explosion sound effects and music add variety and the awkward pauses emphasizes the humor it's very hard to feel bored with so much happening a lot of creators focus all their attention on the visual edits and not enough on the sound also you might have noticed just how fast-paced the messages appear and disappear see if you can follow this conversation without having to rewind the main reason beluga does this is to keep the viewer as an active watcher beluga demands your full attention if you look away for even a second you will miss vital context there's also a bit of a sneakier reason he does this the speed that messages go by means you'll naturally have to pause and rewind a few times per video this can lead to spikes in retention and actually count for a longer average view duration but the real genius comes from beluga's storytelling i know on the surface he might not seem like the shakespeare of our times but hear me out each of his videos follow the same storytelling template a relatable situation is presented the main characters clash or there's a misunderstanding new characters enter the conversation and then the video builds towards a punchline this is his skeleton for all his discord skits the story is crafted to constantly give the viewer new stimulus youtube videos can't just have a beginning middle and end these days there needs to be multiple moving parts everything we've discussed so far is important but there's something missing that in my opinion is the main reason beluga gained 4 million subscribers in 3 months which takes us on to step 3 beluga discovered the ultimate title and thumbnail strategy let's start by looking at the titles beluga always covers topics that are very relatable even the titling style of when you is very inclusive he never writes a title that limits the video's potential every single one in theory could appeal to millions of viewers also notice how concise they are on average beluga's titles are 33 characters long for context this is almost half the average title length on youtube this is actually a competitive advantage viewers can fully understand the concept of the video in just a glance another really smart tactic is how often he uses random numbers in his titles notice here how he uses 9.17 seconds or 97.1 percent success this might seem irrelevant but trust me it's very purposeful they add an element of uniqueness to each title if he had said 10 seconds here for example it just wouldn't stand out as much it almost looks too perfect and there's even more to learn from his thumbnails first of all they capture something that's very recognizable in the first person it's meant to feel like your own screen whether it's discord frame requests or the iphone time limit this complements the broad appeal of his titles the real key though is how his thumbnails are always paused just before something happens they leave you with an unanswered story look at this one for example you need to click to get the reward what is beluga about to say that will end the argument he also deliberately keeps his thumbnails amateur looking even leaving in stuff like the typos and blur is all intentional trust me this guy knows enough photoshop to make these images higher quality but he chooses not to he does this as a way to stand out in a world of highly polished thumbnails his videos stick out like a sore thumb which is a strategy in itself they also add realism to the video the best memes and viral videos always feel homemade overall his title and thumbnail formula is what i like to call statement plus intrigue his title sets up the video and states what it's about and his thumbnail creates the intrigue by teasing a storyline it's simple but when combined together he sells the video to the viewer i think if there's one thing we can be certain of this guy's growth was far from an accident beluga executed the perfect plan and who knows maybe there's someone watching this video right now who can learn from this story and grow even quicker if you found this video interesting all i ask for is a subscribe but for now though i'll see you in the next one

  Top Comments:
  1. @paddygalloway8780 [7900 likes]: I'm going to need your help with this one! It's been a while since I posted and my momentum on the channel is down a little, so if you enjoyed this video smash that like button and share this video with 1 friend. Would mean the world to me!
  2. @ValeBreck [1 likes]: 1:57
I got randomly recommended this video after 4 years  just to hear THAT, so now you will have to suffer as well.
  3. @shxxx77 [1 likes]: mybe i am going to send my graft and you can help me
  4. @shxxx77 [1 likes]: man help me. i am just starting to post youtube shorts
  5. @catsarejerks: :face-red-heart-shape::face-red-heart-shape::face-red-heart-shape:
  6. @ButTheyWereWrong: small creators, unite!
  7. @KidPro27: 10:30 yup
  8. @LinkstoLife: This doesn’t really help because he already had 1 million subscribers on one channel so you’re obviously knows what he’s doing so it’s for him to expand more is just showing his confidence but doesn’t really help out anybody that’s brand new
  9. @UFOCyril: Begula is so cool, everyone loves him ! And he's smart, you're right.
  10. @EmpressKima: Im ready to be on my wayyyy🎉
  11. @WarMachine72: And they are shutting creators down left and right
  12. @Lifeofmine369: Thank you 😊
  13. @BobshibobPinkalas: I WOULD NEVER GIUESS LUCID DREAMING CHANNEL WAS BELUGA BEHIND THE SCENES
  14. @HowtoYT007: It's not luck
  15. @Still_Frame_Horror: Great info, thanks!
  16. @Foundersfull: I am the next beluga
  17. @jatall2797: Proof, man can try to play God, but it’s not sustainable! You all do understand how none of this is sustainable right? It is destined to self destruct, to implode. 

… And to think, YouTube is just ONE platform, multiply this data by hundreds of thousands of other platforms storing their own information etc.., and the numbers become mind numbing! 

Let’s hear the conclusion of the whole matter: Fear God and KEEP HIS COMMANDMENTS, this is the whole DUTY OF MAN!!! This earth is GOING DOWN, man is out of control. We are ABUSING THE EARTH, DESTROYING NATURE, and NOT SATISFIED with GODS GOODNESS! 

Man wants to take GODS CREATION, exclude GOD, but use all of GODS STUFF to make themselves God. They do this because Satan is still trying to build his SAD KINGDOM! Satan is such a LOOSER! 

Satan .., nor the men who reject God that Satan uses, will ever be God. I just imagine God in Heaven looking at us all here on earth just shaking His Head!!! Satan is a fool… and is stealing so many souls because they are impressed by Satan’s kingdom.. not understanding everything in his kingdom are stolen goods, and his whole kingdom is going to JAIL… known as HELLLL. 

Gods power is so serious, not only is ALL OF SATANS KINGDOM going to be arrested, tried, convicted for every crime, with an ETERNAL SENTENCE of going to Helll.., but .. and.., also…, do wicked men realize that the Devilll who is in Hellll .., working though sinners on earth and leading them to Hellll.., how SATAN HIMSELF is actually on his way to HELLL TOO???? 

What do you mean? Do you know that deathh, Hellll, and the grave itself .., are all .., as the final and last judgment of God on Satan’s Kingdom .., are ALL on their way to the LAKE of FIRE?!!! 

Do you understand what that means???? That means Satan nor any of his demons will have the pleasure of tormenting anyone in Hellll EVER AGAIN in the final Judgment. Everything that Satan has ever done evil and wrong to anyone in Heaven, on earth, or in Hellll.. do you understand that Satan AND ALL HIS DEMONS have a final judgement where they will be tormented a million times worse than anything evil they ever did to anyone or anything??? 

An unimaginable, inconceivable reality awaits Satan and his entire Kingdom! You foolish people caught up in this madness on earth, who are “impressed” with technology etc.. all God has to do is turn the lights off and pull the plug.. and nothing wicked man has created works!!!  We look like we have accomplished and achieved so much as humans on the earth .. but ALL we know is equivalent to about one grain of sand in a universe of millions, billions, and trillions of stars and galaxies.., if that! 

Satan is an idiot and a looser!!! The wicked are so deceived, they trade God everyday for thirty pieces of silver!!! The fool and the prideful seriously think they can outsmart God with their inventions and intellect!!! 

Go ahead oh foolish man.. serve your idols, your false gods and false religions, worship your politics and money, gobble gobble gobble everything up you can with your insatiable greed, build your vain cities, your fine castles, exploit the earth, and abuse life … but it shall all surely be taken away from you in a flash of one moment! 

No man can escape God! Jesus is the only way of SALVATION AND ETERNAL LIFE! 

- I warn all of you in genuine LOVE AND CONCERN FOR YOUR ETERNAL SOUL.., every unrepentant sinner out there.., play stupid games with GOD ALMIGHTY.., follow around an idiottt like SATAN and foolish sinners… and i absolutely promise you.. you will win STUPIDDdd PRIZES!!!!! 

God is not to be taken lightly or played with.., we are in the last days.., time ain’t long.. REPENT.. every one of YOU… in the NAME OF THE LORD JESUS CHRIST!!! 

Don’t be deceived.., THERE IS NO OTHER WAY.. JESUS.. is the WAY, the TRUTH, and the LIGHT.. no man can be in relationship, serve, or know The Creator God, outside of JESUS! It is written.., YOU MUST be BORN AGAIN! ,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,
  18. @SOLOTravelsSteve: Just uploaded my first travel video and this makes me realise how much I’ve got to improve 😂 appreciate this
  19. @CamyClipz: nahh that is crazy
  20. @SpeedLovesBurgers: 67

- Paddy Galloway Reveals The Biggest Mistakes That YouTubers Make: Kind: captions Language: en you do that what are some other common mistakes that you see other youtubers make that you work with yeah it's so most of my client work is with one million plus and 10 million plus channels so there is like a very different type of mistake those channels make so for smaller channels i would say any anyone under like sort of 500k and i'm putting myself in that category as well but like it's very very niche dependent so like 100k subscribers could be a huge channel in certain niches and a really small channel in other niches like if you're a minecraft channel you've got 100k subscribers you're not really even scratching the surface over how big that niche is but if you make like woodworking tutorials and you've got 100k subscribers you're probably one of the biggest channels in the world in in your niche so it's very it's very um specific but what i see with the smaller channels um the kind of let's say beginner and middle class youtubers like people kind of on their way but not at the top level it's usually that splitting audience thing um that's one primary things that they i see in and also like formats as well so like one one day they do a reaction video one day they do challenge one day they do a you know a really long um kind of explainer video all these different formats i always just come in and say what what is your like what do you want to be known for what's the kind of content you want to build your channel around and i do use myself as an example where every video on my channel is 10 minutes or maybe some go to 11 but like 10 11 minutes every video is on the same sort of theme every video follows a very similar format some people say to me is that all repetitive and it is a little bit repetitive to make but it's not repetitive to the audience because i'm only posting once a month so obviously it depends like if you're making the same video four times a week you might get repetitive so that's the kind of context you need there um so i would say that's a big thing format and splitting the audience too much and then just like poor poor retention strategy so really bad intros things like you know hi guys welcome back to the channel if you didn't know me i'm this like introducing themselves um i always i always talk about the best intros hit you with action as quickly as possible and some people say well there's no actual action in the education niche well the action in the education is just education then like the value proposition you can replace action with value proposition um instead of instead of context so a lot of people front load the video with way too much context where they go you know let's say let's say if it was my video and i front loaded with too much context so i would start the video by saying hey guys welcome back if you don't know me already i'm you know paddy gallo and one of the top youtube consultants and today we're going to look at mr beast and i'm going to show you some of the really interesting things he does we're going to learn a lot in this video and there's going to be four main parts to it and you know all this sort of like nonsense context so what do you understand so what you do instead is you really focus on getting into the action story as quickly as possible so for example the intro style of context context context what if you replace that by one line of context so like one sentence to describe the start of the video and then actually get into the information now people hate that because they're like how do i introduce myself how do they know me but if i just set that that kind of rule let's let's do 10 seconds of explanation and then straight into it or even five seconds of explanation get straight into it you'll get creative of finding ways to like give that context without making it boring so you'll actually you know in my case i'm still giving context on a youtuber like i say stuff like so how did he grow from you know one to 10 million in one year that is context in a way but it's the story it's the interest instead of saying like in this video we're going to i'm going to show you how he grew from this to this it's like how did he do this obviously if you hear that as a viewer you know we're going to talk about how he did that so you don't need to explicitly tell you so i would just focus on shorter intros jumping into the content a lot quicker and also not having so much separation so a lot of people do this thing like where it's you know today we're going to cover this um and it's going to be really cool you should watch the end let's get straight into it and then like this pause and again the rest of the video the best intros don't feel like intros they just flow together if you watch my videos from like three years ago you'll see i do like you know today we're going to look at how peter mckinnon grew his youtube channel welcome to another episode of youtube masterclass and then pause and then go into it if you look at my videos over the last two years i primarily you know just don't give this almost like bookmarked or like stuff so there's just one intro it's just it just flows and you can't really pinpoint when the intro ended the video just goes i think that they're the best intros so for channels that size that's the primary concern and then for channels for like 1 million 10 million plus channels i just boil it down to where the main results are so title thumbnail intro topic like those those like areas if you can if you can just make better decisions in those areas you'd be amazed at how different results can be which is it's a beautiful thing because you can like make so many right decisions in in other areas of business and still not get results because of external factors but on youtube if you just make better thumbnails better titles on better topics with better intros i know it sounds easy to say but if you really focus on those areas the results are incredible like you know i was there's a guy on twitter i just messaged um or just replied to yesterday who who's called them quebecom and he's a big yeah the the biggest dutch youtuber yeah is he's huge and we had a few chats on dms before as well and he posted something where he was you know i've been kind of slipping my content a little bit i think he got like 20 million views or 25 interviews in the last 30 days i mean that sounds nice to be slipping and you're getting 25 million views in the last 30 days um but he was like check back check back on my channel in like you know a month or two months and see because i know what to do and in this case for the next month i would just assume he's going to just really focus on his audience focus on making very specific videos and really putting more effort in title and thumbnails than he than he currently is and i would be willing to bet and you know in two months time he'll be at 50 million views a month again or maybe even more or maybe a little less but like he's definitely gonna improve and get get his views back up there um so for for channels of that size it usually is just making better decisions it's critique like i quite often it's funny because some people would have impostor syndrome because a lot of these channels obviously have a much bigger um view counts than i do but i've no problem getting on a call with iraq and saying eric his name is eric i said eric what are you doing this is the worst thing that i've ever seen this is terribly paced do this instead change this the thing about kind of being an imposter syndrome whatever is if what i was saying didn't work you know i i wouldn't have a business but even in eric's case like i worked with eric and i just roasted him for like an hour straight and he was even like patty like you hurt my feelings but i love this um and then afterwards like the next two or three months on his channel not that it was just me because obviously i just like help people with a few things and they do them most of the rest themselves but i just gave him some pointers i'm sure he got points from other people as well i like he really turned his channel around because he was actually a little bit of a dip at the start of the year and now he's i would describe as one of the hottest entertainment channels in the us right now like he's getting getting big viewership um so yeah it's usually about being very honest roasting it and always thinking about is this the best one that we could have made surely there's a more interesting way we could have framed this video

  Top Comments:
  1. @eucauacosta [7 likes]: youtube recommendes this after galloway's new post. keep it up 🚀
  2. @thesepeoplearefake5316 [4 likes]: i love how he said small
  3. @TawaqqulFarm [4 likes]: Underrated Channel!Hope you smack it!
  4. @TheHannibalTV [1 likes]: 👍
  5. @creator_empires: Want to listen to the entire interview? 
Check out our podcast and look for episode 126: https://apple.co/3lKw2j6
  6. @Route765: I find it really odd that you don’t have your full episodes on Youtube
  7. @lawrencehammersley4945: Thank you , great video
  8. @KOMHuntTV: Loved this… off to listen to the whole interview

- How Airrack Gained 1 Million Subscribers In 1 Year (Genius YouTube Strategy): Kind: captions Language: en like i want to do youtube so i will either become successful at youtube or i will turn 85 years old and i'm still trying to do youtube my old dev died trying to do what i wanted to do those are the only two options this guy right here has cracked the code to growing a youtube channel eric decker or as you might know him iraq has gone from zero subscribers to one million in one year at a time when youtube has never been more competitive that's a pretty amazing achievement his crazy challenge videos have got everybody talking just listen to what mr beast had to say i think you're gonna be a big youtuber it's obvious you understand the game and you're driven and dedicated so like there's no doubt in my mind within a few years you'll have 10 million subscribers like just growth is exponential but how is he growing so fast last january eric gained 300 subscribers the month after 90 000. what changed here well in this video we'll investigate and get to the bottom of his strategy and if you're like me and are obsessed with growing your own channel you're going to be blown away by some of the moves iraq has made i know i say it a lot but this guy is a youtube genius i've analyzed some of the biggest youtubers in the world but the way iraq has grown is different these two guys here present a typical case study for a highly successful youtube channel both mrbeast and ksi worked on their content for years before they ever hit 1 million subscribers an average youtube growth curve looks something like this you start slow and then over time your content gets better and you pick up real momentum so how did iraq manage to skip this step i mean this time last year he was a college dropout with no experience by every measure he was starting from zero but he had a plan you see no matter how competitive youtube gets the algorithm is built to help new creators get discovered the issue is most people just don't know how to get picked up by the algorithm in the first place and that is what airac has done so well getting initial attention and getting into people's recommended feeds after a month of research and watching every single one of his videos here are the three steps behind his rapid growth on youtube if 2021 is the year you want your channel to explode pay close attention later in this video we are going to talk about some of the less innocent ways eric has grown his channel but the first thing you need to succeed on youtube is a good product aka your content which takes us on to step number one from the start eric has been making algorithm optimized videos as i said earlier youtube wants new creators to be discovered but they're obviously not going to manually watch every single upload so their algorithm tells them whether a video is good or not one of the main ways they do this is through average view duration and retention this is where so many small channels fail if you can't keep people on your videos youtube simply isn't going to promote them but big channels know how to make optimized videos they use retention strategies that capture you from the very start and keep you watching what's really interesting about erak is it's almost like he's got some sort of inside information before starting his content is carefully planned and edited to beat the algorithm let's take a look at this video here to see his retention strategy in action i want you to pay close attention to the opening 20 seconds because a few things happen here that are so important to the overall video i want to try and deliver ubereats by air we've trained for this so how many flights have you done a couple [Music] this is what is known as a cold open intro which is essentially where you jump straight into the action before anything else eric's goal here is simple he wants to convince the viewer to stick around he does this by delivering a one-line explanation and then proceeds to show the viewer some of the best highlights to hook them in he also really cleverly includes clips that leave unanswered questions was the helicopter crashing what was this guy's reaction within 20 seconds the viewer knows what he's trying to do they know that the video isn't clickbait and they also have multiple storylines they want answered with intros a lot of the time it's better to show instead of tell you can always fill in more of the details later on which is what eric does next in my experience ubereats delivery dude it sucks so bad so i thought to myself what if we were to make that process actually good yeah like when ubri says that uh you're gonna get your meal in 15 minutes and it comes in like 25 what if we could deliver the food in like one minute now how are we gonna do that well here's the plan i want to try and deliver ubereats by air this section is called the setup the real key to high retention on youtube is getting the balance right between context and action so the viewer knows exactly what's happening while also being entertained so within the first two minutes eric has grabbed the viewer's attention he makes sure to keep it through effective youtube storytelling all of his videos contain multiple conflict and resolutions something comes up that could put the whole plan into jeopardy and he needs to fix it this keeps the viewer engaged as they wait to see the outcome leading to what are known as continuous hold segments in a retention chart here the viewer can't click off because they need to see the outcome also notice how each of erock's videos has a clear payoff a reward for watching to the end in this case seeing if they were actually able to deliver the food this is placed at the very end and is deliberately short once you give the viewer what they want they leave so it makes sense for the conclusion of the video to be very quick two fish tacos right that's perfect yeah all right i got you an extra order in there just for the inconvenience have you ever had a helicopter ubereats food to you before this would be a first okay cool now combining all these tactics together eric has retention that can compete with some of the biggest channels on youtube which tells the algorithm that this video is worth recommending but what's the point in having good retention if you have no people actually finding the video in the first place which brings us on to step number two erac is stealing audiences most people when starting youtube have three or four channels that inspire their videos in eric's case it's mainly logan paul david dobrik and mr beast a good way to find your content format is by trying to blend your favorite channels into one for example airax videos often have a mr beast feel in terms of the idea but he combines this with logan's storytelling and david's fast-paced humor in doing so eric identified his target audience he realized that someone who watched each of these three youtubers might also be interested in him but he needed a way to put his content in front of their face and he did this through a method he calls social hacking social hacking is essentially another form of trend jacking which we've discussed before on this channel the idea is simple you find a way to make videos about or with larger creators you're essentially leveraging another fan base erac ruthlessly pumped out video after video where the youtuber in question was the main theme each time he did this he was capturing new audiences for example logan paul fans would come over to this video for logan paul but then a percentage would actually stay and subscribe because the content was so good this is what i mean by stealing audiences even though the word borrowing is probably more fitting the key thing is eric wasn't just using people's name for clickbait he was delivering unique video ideas just listen to him describe this on the colin and samir podcast and what i always tell people is if you're going to try to do a collaboration you have to create a situation where they win bigger than you do you know what i mean so for logan i just made his life so much easier by creating all the content that he needed and paying for all of his content for that day same thing with like zhc like we did a video with chc who's really incredible guy zach's awesome the way i got in contact with him was i literally dm'd him the title and thumbnail of the video and that he has millions and millions of followers on instagram and that was what got through to him a lot of people try use other youtubers in their title purely for views but how many are actually making them part of the video i mean this guy was turning up at david dobrik set dressed as his lookalike buying logan paul's couches and literally finding mr beast's island now obviously not everyone has the ability to do this but it is a good example of how effective social hacking is after these videos eric had attracted a large viewership to his channel this would serve as a foundation for his future content however there's still one crucial step missing building long lasting relationships with your audience make sure to stick around for this one because there's something eric has done that no other channel in history has you see going viral might seem like the hard part but converting that momentum into subscribers that keep coming back is how you really grow how do you do this make them part of the journey erac heavily involves his audience in the video making process whether it's coming up with ideas deciding on what he does next or even being part of the video themselves this makes his channel feel more like a community than an individual and the best way to build a community is by giving them a shared goal in eric's case this is simple proving that it's still possible to grow on youtube by hitting 1 million subscribers in one year new people to his channel were sucked into this mission he even became the first youtuber in history to use affiliate marketing to gain subscribers his save iraq campaign was actually genius eric used a website that let his audience share subscriber links that would track how many people they referred offering some pretty cool prizes this resulted in almost 250 000 new subscribers in december alone one thing was clear eric was going to hit that one million mark no matter what i think this is a great example of why it's not all about making moral content sure that's what gets you your first growth but people stay for the story speaking of setting a goal i'm going to set a like target of 5 000 for this video if eric was able to hit 1 million in one year surely we can hit that also if you want to read some of the stuff that i'm not going to share on youtube such as how much i'm making and the things i've done personally to grow my channel make sure to sign up to my free newsletter the link will be in the pinned comment below thank you for watching and i'll see you in the next one

  Top Comments:
  1. @alessioserio-PF [1 likes]: I hope to see you analyzing my channel one day. 😂
  2. @iskania8187 [1 likes]: He is at 11m subs right now
  3. @davidnandez [1 likes]: my thing is how does he come up with his ideas
  4. @Jameson888-h7n [1 likes]: Now it’s 2022 and he gained 9 mil since then
  5. @joinmindforge: what font do you use?
  6. @KokumoSPelumi: Those types of content usually have large audience. It's basically for pure entertainment
  7. @ReadingStoriesGG: :face-red-heart-shape:
  8. @90Raghad: so many usefull tips, i hope i'll be able to use fews.
  9. @CaliJumper: Jenny hoyos says doing cta in the middle help prevent falloff on the last few seconds because they haven't received payoff
  10. @HaldorkCosmico: My Way:  DEC02 300 subs - DEC12 1,000 subs -  DEC21 10,000 subs - JAN08 100,000 subs - FEB17 1,000,000 subs
  11. @TwattyWankers: 09/07/23
  12. @iamthebean940: Duuuude where da link
  13. @AlexeyShort: Bla bla bla
  14. @Content_CreatorLab: Ok for INDIA . HOW paddy Galloway edit tell me white grad..... One page. I can't told you. Please understand and reply me
  15. @AmaZaneChannel: Crazy how accurate Mr. Beast was…
  16. @razabadass: This felt worth trying to watch again for me: thank you Paddy! Raza :)
  17. @razabadass: Badass! Thank you for explaining things about my youtubing inspirations MrBeast, airrack and Ryan Trahan! Raza :)
  18. @Lemo-f2y: You should make a book template and case study to sell
  19. @BIGGELATO: MrBeast: youll be at 10M subs in 10 years!
Airrack, 2 years later, at 12.2M subs...
Me:

2 years past already? wtf have I done with my life 😭
  20. @honey_bee356: You are so pretty I wish I looked like you I’m new to your channel by the way can wait for you to a plaque

- How Graham Stephan Built His YouTube Empire (Genius Strategy): Kind: captions Language: en this guy right here is one of the smartest youtubers on the platform but not for the reason you might think graeme stefan has gone from a real estate agent making videos on his iphone to the king of finance youtube bringing in millions of views each month now anyone that grows to be the biggest channel in their niche knows a thing or two about the algorithm with youtube or really with with anything business in general is like playing a game of chess you could make a move and like the algorithm will shift this way and you're like how could i adapt to that or like what are people clicking on let me do more of that and if it doesn't work i'll shift it up a little bit i'd like to test titles and thumbnails and i love every aspect of that but when it comes to youtube the algorithm is only one half of the picture youtubers today are just as much entrepreneurs as they are creators and graeme stefan has a strategy that makes him more money per viewer than virtually anyone else he's discovered a few things about youtube that even the biggest channels are missing out on it might seem like a controversial statement but most youtubers actually underperform financially when you consider the audience that top creators have built i think money is often left on the table you have to remember that these channels are getting more views than entire tv networks so what happens when you bring a traditional entrepreneur into the equation before even starting youtube graham was heavily involved in the business world and as you'll see he found a way to use these skills to his advantage i've closely studied graham's strategy and have figured out the three main steps he has taken to build his empire let's get to the bottom of this a little later we'll watch a video from graham and i'll show you some of the tactics he uses but first we need to do some quick maths graeme brings in about 10 million views per month on average this would equate to 30 to 50 for most channels when you consider ad revenue sponsorships and maybe some merch sales not bad but can you guess how much grey makes each month with the same views four hundred thousand yes you heard that right now some of you might already know that the finance niche is very lucrative but there's a lot more to this than meets the eye which takes us on to our first step graham leverages his ad revenue so for those who don't know different channels get different rpms which is the amount youtube pays you per 1000 views it's affected by a lot of things but basically it boils down to how valuable your viewers are to advertisers and also how ad friendly the content is so prank videos with profanity get a very poor rpm but finance videos which stay away from controversy are a gold mine but for graham it's not just as simple as having a high rpm you see when he realized just how much youtube could pay him for views he made a plan to maximize this revenue he's done this in a couple of interesting ways first of all let's look at his three latest videos graham has a very intentional upload strategy the majority of his videos are topical like these two but he combines them with much more evergreen personal finance videos if you look at the three videos previous you'll see the same pattern again the reason this is so powerful is it gives graham active and passive ad revenue the topic of videos get a lot of views very quickly and spike is revenue up while the evergreen videos don't perform as well at the start but then grow over time building what can be described as an income floor for the channel essentially graham's revenue each month will look something like this spikes when he uploads with a consistent income floor the powerful thing is this floor will grow over time as more evergreen videos are made graeme also leverages his ad revenue by branching into other channels but he does this in a different way to most instead of just catering to the same people as his main channel he actually captures new audiences he's making content in four completely different verticals informative videos reaction videos podcasts and now vlogs a lot of people would do all this on one channel but graham realized that by keeping them separate he could reach a lot more people by casting his net wider he captures a broader audience while still being able to keep each channel hyper focused the beautiful thing is though he ties all these different formats under the finance niche and still avails of those juicy rpms even if it's a vlog but ad revenue is only one half of the story the real magic is in the actual content let's break down some of graham's videos to show you what i mean but first i want to thank today's video sponsor morningbrew one of my big goals this year was to learn more about business and investing but my problem has always been there's too much information from too many different places which is why i love morningbrew it's a free newsletter that summarizes all the major business news in five minutes each morning i'm sure a lot of people will relate to this but i've got a very bad habit of waking up and just scrolling through social media however since subscribing to morning brew i've got something actually productive to read first thing instead just this morning i learned about tesla's bitcoin strategy which is a lot more valuable to me than watching endless cat videos and the thing is there's no real reason not to join it's free it takes literally 15 seconds to sign up and by doing so you help support my channel so click the link in the description below to subscribe to morning brew today so with that done let's get straight into step two graham understands how to sell on youtube when people think about the most important skills for creators they'll often say editing photoshop or talking on camera but one of the most underrated skills is finding a way to sell in a genuine but effective way the truth is most youtubers don't really know what they're doing they're either too pushy with their promotion and end up losing the audience's trust or they just aren't convincing enough and miss out on a lot of potential for graham though this is where he shines let's go through the tactics he uses in almost every upload first here's an old video i found where graham points out just how important selling is in one way or another almost everything you do at its core when you really get down to it is sales whether you're actually selling a physical product whether you're selling a house a car whether you're selling yourself during an interview trying to get a job or whether or not it's just to get you guys to smash that like button and comment down below almost everything at its core is sales i think we can learn a lot about graham's sales technique just from how he asks for a like there's so much to talk about there's so little time but before we do that i need to tell you about brad he jokingly said that he would smash the like button if i paid him five dollars i mean seriously who does he think he is that i would actually pay him five dollars to hit the like button so i asked for his venmo i sent them five dollars and he annihilated that like button as promised that is how seriously i take the like button so if you wouldn't mind destroying it for the youtube algorithm it would help me out a ton plus my birthday is coming up on thursday so if you wouldn't mind just giving it a quick tap as an early birthday present that would mean the world to me so thank you guys so much with that said let's begin now what just happened there might seem basic but it's actually the key to any form of selling on youtube graham is hyper aware of the audience's attention spans so whenever he plugs something it needs to be its own bespoke moment in the video he almost uses a parody sales technique where every pitch is a comedy skit it might be just a joke but by nature it's keeping you more engaged into what he's saying likes aren't even that important but asking for small favors has been proven to build up a relationship between a customer and a seller i think grain realizes that most viewers tune out the minute someone tries to push something on them graeme's whole strategy revolves around stopping this from happening even with his sponsored videos before starting he'll give you a reason to keep watching it's almost like a promise of what's to come afterwards but before we go into my own thoughts on this and the implications this could have for both real estate investors homeowners in the entire housing market in general i do want to say a huge thank you to our video sponsor today wealthfront this helps his video retention because people aren't just going to click off when they see the ad we know we're going to get some great information after the sponsor so we're willing to sit through it and not just leave the video if you actually go back to the sponsor section in this you'll see i use this same technique graham also spreads out his call to actions for example in this video he asks you for a like one minute in he has a sponsor at four minutes and then he plugs a trading app at the end a lot of people try to clump their ctas together but by spreading them out it makes for a better viewing experience and also will convert a lot better i've found viewers are a lot more responsive to plugs when asked to do just one thing at a time the reason this all works though is because it feels natural everything from his presentation the style the studio and the language he uses makes the viewer trust him however there's still an unanswered question from earlier graham makes 400k a month but he's confirmed that only half of this is ad which introduces step number three graham sells things that scale the absolute best way to monetize a large audience is through revenue streams that don't require extra work for each sale a lot of youtubers do very well in merchandise but it is harder to scale you have to process each order ship and then have to deal with returns and other problems more people should do things they can build once and sell forever graham executes this principle through two main additional streams digital products and affiliate marketing the latter of which i think is seriously underrated his courses are the perfect example of effective digital products he made his youtube program in one month and two years later he's still making thousands of dollars each day from it graham has also stated that he makes over 1 million a year from affiliate marketing a lot of people have a negative association with this term but it's actually a huge revenue stream when done correctly a large proportion of my own income each month is from affiliate commissions graham will mainly partner up with a trading platform like weeble and get what's called a referral bonus it's the ultimate form of monetization because both graham and the user who signs up will get this bonus it's pretty easy to convince people to sign up for something that's not only free but will also make them money when this is done at scale it can be mind-blowing for example if we were to say that the average referral bonus worked out to be 20 and just one percent of the viewers of this video signed up that would be 60 000 in commissions you'd be surprised with how many companies offer these referral bonuses every niche has their own line of products with great affiliate schemes i've left the companies i partner with in the description below to give you an idea i think it's safe to say that graham has built an empire and so much of this can be attributed to one phrase respect the audience so thank you for watching this video and as a reward for getting this far hit subscribe and i'll pick one person to paypal 250 dollars to for now though i'll see you in the next one

  Top Comments:
  1. @paddygalloway8780 [190 likes]: In graham's honor can we hit 5,000 likes? Also make sure to sign up for free investing news! (it really helps support the channel): http://cen.yt/mbpaddygalloway)
  2. @mousesmike886 [9 likes]: THE BITCOIN AND FOREST TRADE CURRENCY MARKET HAS BEEN GOOD NEWS LATELY, MANY PEOPLE IN IT ARE SEEKING A GREAT RETURN INVESTING TO SECURE MORE PROFIT AND ENSURE SUCCESS
  3. @kyawhein27 [3 likes]: I just smashed the "Like" button! I learned a lot of great insights. Thank you, Paddy!
  4. @augotech4609 [1 likes]: So gaming videos dont make money like something from entertainment vids? Or reaction videos?
  5. @ReadingStoriesGG: :face-red-heart-shape:
  6. @BackInTheDooley: Is there a guy out there that can build the channel?
  7. @kavithab6988: Where are you now man? Wht arnt you making any more new videos.
  8. @FinoClips: also, one of the biggest scammers...
  9. @ЖуковскийСергей-ц2е: Great video! I think this guy made a conclusion that the extra long videos are the most preferred source of income as he makes mostly them for last year.
  10. @frenk_expat: What resources do you suggest to grow your youtube channel?Any course worth paying which teaches stuff you can't freely?
  11. @jackmiddleton2080: What is your opinion on faces? Put one in the thumbnail and after that it is not needed?
  12. @Gh0stVrOfficial10: My name is graham
  13. @Ferneyinforma: super!!🔥
  14. @razabadass: Thank you Paddy for video on Graham! Raza :)
  15. @RanjeetKumar-om: Insta ads😂
  16. @AustinRabin: Loving these videos! It's definitely helping me grow my channel. Keep posting!
  17. @volant3: We need more of Paddy in this 2023 please
  18. @LockFarm: So.... this aged well.  🤣🤣🤣
  19. @JohnCunninghamTeam: "Plug is it's own unique moment"... love the humor approach to requesting like/sub
  20. @BeegzBomb: Still running that $250 deal by any chance?

- How Paddy Galloway Beats the YouTube Algorithm Every Time: Kind: captions Language: en While many creators upload thousands of videos to reach 100,000 subscribers, Patty Galloway achieved remarkable success with just 33 videos, gaining over 500,000 subscribers and 33 million views. At first glance, it may seem like luck, but after analyzing his channel, I discovered that Patty employs a four-step formula in 90% of his videos. His fourth step is crucial, and without it, he wouldn't have achieved success. If you want to replicate this success on your channel, watch this video until the end. Step one, white background thumbnails. If you visit Patty Galloway's channel, you'll notice that every thumbnail uses a white background. But why? It's not because white is his favorite color. The reason is to reduce decision time. Patty's viewers are accustomed to thumbnails with a white background. So, when they see a similar thumbnail, they are more likely to click on it quickly. This cycle keeps repeating. However, how can we apply this strategy to our own channel? To apply this to your own channel, don't simply copy Patty's white background. Instead, maintain consistency in your thumbnail design by choosing a color scheme and font and using them consistently. This will help viewers recognize your videos and reduce decision time. Even Mr. Beast thumbnails demonstrate this consistency. Now that viewers have clicked on your video, how do you keep them engaged? This is where step two comes in. Creating intros with a need. As a YouTuber, you know how crucial it is to grab viewers attention in the first 30 seconds. While many creators start with a fancy intro such as, "Hi, hello guys, welcome to my channel," etc., Patty crafts his intros to create a sense of need or an important question in the viewer's mind. He then promises to provide the answer by the end of the video. Viewers are now hooked. But what about the rest of the video? This is where step three comes in. Building the hype. You have to watch this clip to understand this. Before we searched for this video, I didn't realize just how good of an entrepreneur he really is. I actually think there are very few people on YouTube who are on his level when it comes to business. And I have a feeling that by the end of this video, you'll agree with me. At first, he claimed that there are very few people on YouTube who are on his level when it comes to business. Later, he said that by the end of the video, you will agree with him. Thus, Patty makes you curious to watch the video until the end. And if you noticed, I also used this strategy in my video. Finally, we've reached the final and most important step. Step four, genuine content. Patty's success can be attributed to his genuine and practical advice. He could have resorted to clickbait titles, but instead he focuses on providing value, which has helped build a loyal community that believes in him. At the end of the day, that's what truly matters.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ViewsVillain: Paddy Galloway has worked with many big YouTubers including MrBeast and Ryan Trahan, and has helped them get millions and millions of views. And in this video, I analyzed Paddy Galloway's channel.

- How Paddy Galloway Got 100k Subscribers (with 10 Videos Only): Kind: captions Language: en The image in wedding dresses subscribe essays with water only done videos dance classes channel subscribe scam and only for growth Lakshmi subscribe our YouTube channel subscribe million views and working with it will not one but ministers iss video channel ko [music] ok so thanks allot hua patti velvet ki iss YouTube 020 subscribe was working for people to like subscribe and near the name of the largest producer of creative labs ke beach mein channel YouTube Channel and subscribe the Channel we will definitely subscribe a video not support to subscribe our YouTube Channel and YouTube school number one torch light open in true peer words retention that is the average quarter inch this YouTube video is 35th not the most important thing for success cent and times page on YouTube channel subscribe if you Tube intro to every second of dues for media subscribe for Live video subscribe and portion starting at a time when she lifted her in the last two 9 co result of international studies quit video with about two processes for Example Video Start With Detox Half Green Weight Unknown YouTube Last Year End Subscribe Just Growth Was Also - 1st And In Next Few Seconds And Talks About How I Went From Having Negative Growth To Becoming One Of The Fastest Growing Beauty Benefits Of Creating Modern 2.7 Million Subscribers In Just Did Last Thirty Days Only 1700 Passed And I Have Already That Dakeshwar Dream But I Was Involved In The Scam More Than Relationship 9 Points To 0.88 Strategies And Not Want To Know What You Did Right Exactly 37.25 This Tours And Subscribe To Quote YouTube Actress Nothing But They Don't Want To Give Boy Doing All Knowing Certain Things And Consistent Team In His Radio Listen Don't Battery Number One Create Demand For Innovative Thinking Of People Wouldn't Even Know What You Did To You [Music] For Watching My Video Power to the video viral but SIM background for all elements earth water water Amazing number 212 Comparing YouTube only no * This video and I can they have already completed the use of dream tourist 20 This full video best friend in China growth of but marketable competition of minister BS getting wars in numbers patient co incidentally this for months old Tuesday exact same keywords acid my channel 2910 go to engage at very clever thing directly tattoo basic human nature people love to hear about the thing and people like subscribe and nutrition YouTube Hindi channel also like this Thank you all of you to my YouTube channel Radhey-Radhey video increasing its worries from having a single keyword mit between to have enough to give voice to boost and modify equations can you to get more will be just talking about and comparing YouTube and Something Else But Only One Condition When You Stop Comparing And Talking About Doing Any Rituals But You Know What Will Be The Result Of Rapidly Viral Videos 110 Doesn't Matter How Big Or Small The World Channel Is The Desert Matter Which Needs You Are You Can Easily Use These Practices And Get More Views subscribe our YouTube Channel New Ringtone Of My Channel For Quiet A While And Use This What Is This What Is This What Is This Video Million Views Basically subscribe to The Amazing Return And Interesting Topic Subscribe And Simply Interested And Did Not Stop You From Getting Huge Videos tube video topic video topic shimla to topic xa2 admit 2.30 tuesdays with his last but you all video bittu million-plus viewers talking about the growth of micro step by step day place flop update video with another video on this m topic and different events puberty video airport to drops a million views Solution strategy number three you can hear audio and talking about getting rewards and apart from 20 plates from g zaveri smart increase that tuesday sub points so make you watch videos long but how is this even possible controller liquid in the left and no exactly how leaders and also like comment and some feedback about this video will be greatly appreciated dropping and I Instagram handled ad me

  Top Comments:
  1. @TheCantriverOfficial [188 likes]: I used Paddy & Jimmy too🙈

Anyways, I would love to have some feedback about this video (since it's my first one targeting foreign audience).

Instagram: instagram.com/cantriver_yt
Telegram: t.me/cantriver_yt
  2. @RayShaBal [4 likes]: You're Doing Great Work Bro
  3. @AtharvaVisuals [2 likes]: Bro Cantriver , I watched your channel Algrow
You are very genius and your videos are very good 👍🏻
  4. @lurics_hub_45 [1 likes]: India ki shaan 🇳🇪🇳🇪
  5. @artmagic7523 [1 likes]: Algrow
  6. @andrew1644 [1 likes]: If I watch your video with a USA VPN (I live in India) then, will you get more money than without a VPN? As ad rates are high in USA
  7. @arjunnverma [1 likes]: Nice yaar algrow ab us dollars double aayege ❤️
  8. @arandomgoodguy...7612 [1 likes]: Wooooooo
  9. @jsoamazing933 [1 likes]: So nice this information ❤️
  10. @RayShaBal [1 likes]: Keep It Up
  11. @Hassankhanfoodie: Come from algrew
  12. @sastianimation: Cool yar
  13. @yourrecommend525: Algrow yaha kaise
  14. @SZEditor: I can Bet this Video was 97% watched by Your Algrow Audience
  15. @amazingbuilds4048: Woww great
  16. @TheRealSaksham: Comming here from the newest videos on main Channel! 😂😎😂😂
  17. @manjubaishya2328: He is always like......*new channel please* 😂
  18. @logeshviews5089: Bro which editor do you use to make videos
  19. @PRIYANKACHOPRAFANSS: Algrow
  20. @NarendraSingh-pv7gz: Pure clickbait thumbnail

- How MrBeast Made YouTube’s Greatest Video (Genius Strategy): Kind: captions Language: en mr beast might just have made his greatest ever video his 100 million subscribers special is closing in on 40 million views in just two days but here's the really interesting thing this video manages to combine all of mr beast's best youtube tactics into 15 minutes if there's ever a video we need to closely study it's this one you see it all revolves around the three-part mystery beast equation an equation that led to the greatest youtube growth story of all time and it starts with part one aiming for perfect retention we all know that mr beast is a master at keeping people watching from beginning to end he constantly talks about his obsession with video retention if i'm talking to this camera and you're not cutting it for too long that's boring you'll lose retention but if i talk and you cut to that angle i'm talking and cut back and you know it helps it but people often make the mistake of thinking that this is just about having lots of cuts and talking really fast there's a lot more to it than that let me show you why this is the perfect video intro we just hit 100 million subscribers and from the bottom of my heart thank you everyone that subscribed and to celebrate i bought this ginormous private island and i'm giving it to one of you in this video so i brought 100 of my subscribers to compete in four extreme challenges last one standing wins this island the first challenge is simple first 50 people to start a fire and like their torch move on begin now sure of course it is relentlessly fast in fact in these opening 20 seconds there was a visual change every 1.1 seconds mr beast knows that by front loading the video with this much stimulus it's very hard to feel bored and get distracted but a very smart thing he does in his intros is establish scale for example in this shot he starts with the camera zoomed in on him and then zooms back to reveal the entire island a few seconds later he shows the scale of all 100 contestants in a line these are called establishing shots and mr beast uses them for two purposes to set the scene for the video but also to wow the audience with the size of the production he wants this to feel big because it is if you look at a typical retention curve people usually start to hold attention when the first challenge or storyline begins so mr beast starts the first challenge after 17 seconds he could have shown more of the island or given more explanation but he always prioritizes retention he actually puts a tour of the island after the first challenge has finished nearly every video mr beast has uploaded has an intro formula like this open fast establish scale and transition to first challenge however after the intro is where a lot of youtubers encounter a problem the rest of their video just can't match the energy we can visualize a lot of youtube videos with this energy graph the video starts high with tension and energy but then drops off and only starts to peak again towards the end if you go through the island video it looks more like this every few minutes mr beast creates tension in the storyline with his challenges this makes it hard to skip forward or leave the video constant tension is always built in he also uses the contestants to help reinforce his storylines pay close attention to this scene because it's really smart assume you saw the first squid game video okay well this one's a little different only the first 20 to step on the red line or cross it move on okay the red line that's all we're thinking about 20 people this guy was used to emphasize the challenge he basically repeated what jimmy said to make sure you know what's happening however the magic of mr beast is there is a clear strategy behind his videos but they never feel too polished sometimes that's just about leaving in an organic moment like this i need a snack wait wait you're definitely eliminated you did say red light green light at the end red light the red light let me review the footage and see if he's correct when you were explaining the rules you said like green light if there's no time limit yeah we have our first finisher by technicality he has even said he deliberately limits his videos to 1080p so they don't feel too high production i don't like the way high quality footage look i don't ever want things to feel too produced trust me this guy could afford a few 4k cameras if you wanted them it always has to feel like a youtube video when i showed this graph earlier you might have noticed this green spike at the end well i'm using that to represent another key to his retention every mr beast video finishes with a high point whether it's dramatic or just wholesome this is integral to retention strategy on youtube it's what leaves the lasting impression in the viewer's mind but we need to talk about the genius behind this thumbnail which takes us on to part two of the equation the clickbait master i believe this is mr beast's best ever thumbnail and just like the video it uses all the tactics mr beast has learned over the years there are 5 things that make it great starting with jimmy himself he takes up 33 percent of this thumbnail mr beast is arguably the most recognizable brand on youtube so it's really important to leverage that also the facial expression of an excited open mouth smile is by far the most commonly used expression on his channel in fact 76 of his videos in the last year utilize it why it instantly gives emotion and hypes up what he is showing in the image he's excited the viewer is excited if you focus closely on the editing on the face you'll see jimmy's eyes have been brightened the eyes are the first thing we focus on when we see human faces so from a psychology point of view it makes sense to pronounce them second of all the entire thumbnail has a really good balance of colors mr beast and his team are masters of using good contrast even note the red headphones they perfectly contrast against the light blue and green of the island also this image is perfectly saturated without being over the top a lot of youtubers would edit this thumbnail like this and while it may be even brighter and more vibrant it suddenly makes the island feel less realistic it's important for mr beast to show something that doesn't look overly fake the third point is using things in the image to show scale this boat for example and the volcano just like in the actual content mrbeast wants to show off how big this video is the micro details are where things get really interesting the roller coaster the beast burger building and the giant gold statue make the island feel even more luxurious but they are also a subtle way of adding more brand my favorite part of the thumbnail is the figure parachuting down to the islands it's very smart because it both reaffirms the scale but also adds a bit of extra intrigue you're left wondering who is that and will he or she land the fifth thing that makes all mister mysteries thumbnails great is simplicity if we zoom out on this image it's still very easy to work out what's happening thumbnails should be instantly understandable at any size so now we have part one and part two of the equation but none of this would work if it wasn't for part three video financing and this isn't as simple as you might think you see often mr beast is portrayed as this crazy kid who's on the brink of going broke but here's two things that make these expensive videos possible firstly mr beast is actually a very effective salesman watch his merch plug in this video this is our first and maybe only merch drop of the entire year we filmed a mr beast video that will never be uploaded to the public just by either item and we will email you a link to watch the video if you have seven days let's go see who wins the island he basically has a sales formula he mentions the merch is exclusive gives the free video as an additional incentive and makes the drop time specific this is textbook sales now just before we mention the second and possibly most important factor behind this business model there's something else we need to mention when it comes to financing creators like mr beast have actually begun selling some of their older videos this is often called back catalog licensing and the company making this possible is today's sponsor spotter here's how it works spotter gives you upfront cash now in exchange for future ad revenue on your back catalog of videos you can use the money however you want whether it's hiring an editor and growing your team or even just saving it yourself for peace of mind on their website mr b said he used the money to help fund his spanish channel you maintain full ownership of your channel and all your future revenue it's a simple trade for your old videos with nothing to pay back ever spotter have already deployed over 550 million dollars to hundreds of creators including the likes of mr beast dude perfect and many more so if you're a youtuber who's interested in how much your old videos could be worth visit spotter.com paddy linked down below so what is the second thing that ties everything together mr beast's business is mission driven in terms of content jimmy obsesses over making the perfect video in terms of money jimmy has a deep-rooted desire to help those in need these two missions make every video mean more than your average creator and speaking of this i'm going to donate 5 cents to mysteries philanthropy for every subscribe this video gets so you can do your good deed for the day by scrolling down and hitting that red button thanks for watching and shout out to mrbeast for changing the youtube game

  Top Comments:
  1. @paddygalloway8780 [266 likes]: Can we hit 5,000 likes? It would break my record for the first 24 hours! 🥲 If you are a youtuber make sure to check out: http://spotter.com/paddy
  2. @Emmanuelputunoi [2 likes]: Where is he ?
  3. @MasterRantBlox [2 likes]: You Faded Where are you now 😢
  4. @BBWFan1776 [2 likes]: Bro fell off
  5. @KAZEEMJIMOH-dm7zm [1 likes]: Where is this dude at?
  6. @ReySelibio [1 likes]: i hope you can, comeback brother 🔥🙏
  7. @3510_FOREX [1 likes]: COME BACK MAN !!! Where are you 😢!
  8. @spartangamingofficial1240 [1 likes]: 2 freaking years 🙂
  9. @APEX_HUNTER4: bro u have not uploaded since 3 years that's not normal
  10. @JiHAM67: AMAZING VIDEOS 0:31
  11. @danielrivasrc: Your videos are fantastic! I'd love to collaborate with your channel, and that way I can continue growing as a content creator and pursuing my dreams. If you're open to it, I'll add you as a collaborator on my next video. Best wishes for continued success!
  12. @Sylantrix: Your detailed breakdowns of viral content provide so much technical knowledge that helps creators understand how to grow their audience effectively. 🎥💡
  13. @sharma23shivamyt: II also decoded how mr beast makes amazing videos - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0CkI5s9sRZo
  14. @ItsAmaniStuff: Dunkin donuts
  15. @MemeFlowAi: 2025 any one
  16. @Guyofthewoods: can you make new videos there so good
  17. @ViewsVillain: You're my inspiration Paddy Galloway 😊🎉
  18. @SpiritualTurned: Im Watching your Videos shout me out @spiritualTurned 1:53
  19. @PTE: Nice 😊
  20. @kjsunny1998: Sir I want to ask you a small question, before that let me tell you something about myself. Me and my elder brother and with family support we started a business and that business started doing very well and it has settled well. Now I want that with my contribution I should have a face value and I want to do something big, so can I start a YouTube channel from this year 2025, will this be the best idea? By the way, I have it in my mind to make a real life success story like a documentary. I hope that you will give the right advice.

- How Mark Rober Averages 37 Million Views Per Video (Genius): Kind: captions Language: en mark robert has discovered the formula for going viral on youtube his crazy science experiments have become some of the most popular uploads on the platform to the point where right now he averages an insane 37 million views per video and his audience just keeps growing when i put out a video i get an increase of 300 000 subscribers in like two days now i covered mark in a video last year but since then i've learned a lot more about the tactics he uses to make banger after banger i've realized that this guy literally has a three-step formula for his viral videos and today we're gonna get to the bottom of it you see the reason mark's youtube strategy is worth studying is the fact he's part of a very exclusive club and it started by accident in 2011 he randomly uploaded this halloween prank video it went viral and the scientist inside mark rober realized something viral videos aren't just random they can be engineered for entertainment channels on youtube there are certain tiers you've got a huge group of creators who hover somewhere between 1 million to 10 million views a video but there's a huge gap to the next level up only a small handful of creators consistently get more than 20 million views on their videos so what's the difference youtubers like mark know something about the algorithm that keeps them ahead of the competition let's go through his three-step formula by analyzing this video here so a little later on we'll actually watch some of the video because mark does some pretty interesting things in his editing but first we need to talk about something that is often overlooked which takes us on to step number one mark has a system for viral ideas what i've noticed about some of the best creators in the world is they are incredible at identifying viral opportunities someone like mark is constantly thinking of ideas his real skill is being able to filter through them and pick the one that has the best chance of going viral and the good news is there's a bit of a system to this i've noticed that the best ideas on mark's channel have to pass four main criteria before they get made the first thing is all mark's videos have an extreme element it shouldn't be a surprise that viral videos need to be somewhat unique if they were easy to replicate there would be too much competition for example the world's largest videos concept is a proven way to stand out the algorithm rewards going to the extreme the second thing is mark's ideas are optimized for new viewers his videos can be shown to someone who has never seen his channel before and still be interesting they have wide appeal mark's video ideas are usually previously proven as much as it's good to innovate most viral ideas on youtube are just adaptations of things that have worked in the past for example the video we are covering today is just a progression of this video from 2019 this removes the guesswork if it's worked for you or for another channel we can already predict there's a good chance it will work again and finally mark has said if he can't visualize the title and thumbnail he doesn't even start filming we'll cover some of the tactics mark uses in this area later in the video if you look at any of mark's recent uploads they all follow these four criteria but now it's time for the really interesting parts because ideas are useless without execution which takes us on to step number two mark edits for the algorithm i heard something about mark recently that really surprised me and it's one of the main reasons i wanted to make this video in the first place despite having nearly 20 million subscribers mark still edits and writes his own videos now i've worked with plenty of one million plus youtubers and trust me this is very rare so why well let's take a listen to mark explaining why he refuses to outsource these two things i think the biggest thing i probably don't skimp on relative to my peers that they do is probably like the edit right and like the stories like i write all my own stories like i'm an okay builder compared to like other people like i'm actually not that good but the one thing i think that maybe is a little bit of a special sauce is like framing the story coming up with a cool story and just telling that story i'll film the thing and then at the end i figure out what the most interesting parts of the story was and then i like thread the needle to to create that narrative and so part of that then is also the edit and packaging that together and i i just don't know how i would outsource that okay so mark's really hyped up his storytelling and editing youtube's algorithm as we've discussed many times before rewards creators who can hold the viewer's attention throughout the video so let's take a look and see mark's genius in action starting with the first 30 seconds this is me reclaiming my title for the world's largest and tallest elephant toothpaste experiment and this is a totally different kind of reaction we discovered in all our experimentation called devil's toothpaste which is insanely reactive and super dangerous i'll explain why in a minute but for now here's a hint wow now the first thing i want to point out is that mark delivers on the promise right away when you click on this video you're clicking for explosions and guess what in the opening section seven of the first 15 shots we see are explosions this instantly rewards the viewer for choosing mark's video secondly the edit frequency is very intense in fact just in this intro there are 16 separate cuts the average length of a clip is 1.8 seconds mark understands that if there's any part of the video that should be fast paced it's the intro these tactics grab your attention from the first second what happens next is even more important [Music] what's up pleasure this is fletcher and this is also fletcher a year before this call but unbeknownst to everyone at the time also pictured here under all that amazing hair was a fast-growing brain tumor i secretly vowed that if he made it to 13 years old i would fly him and his family out and surprise him with just the dopest birthday party ever and not long after i texted fletcher this picture so he knew we had closely matching hairstyles but what he didn't know is that plans were already underway for him and i to take back the record for the world's largest elephant toothpaste mark always gives his videos a strong why and i think this is often missing on youtube most people would just take this idea and make the whole video around the toothpaste explosion but by adding in this underlying story mark gives the whole video purpose he's also blending two viral video concepts into one now the video is not only a world's largest video but it's also a wholesome surprise mark is making viral videos within his viral video however the first difficulty comes after this point and it's where a lot of people fail the build up phase compared to the excitement of the intro and the emotion of the why mark actually building the experiment could seem boring but he keeps this part interesting using a storytelling structure problem discovery explanation he uses this pattern in the building section of every video it's a perfect example of show don't tell when it comes to youtube and then comes the most important parts of the video mark has three separate payoffs and then when we gathered for the picture i snuck up right behind him and took off my mask all right cool what do you guys want to do next what should we do [Applause] in the last few years youtube's algorithm has changed to favor what they call viewer satisfaction they want to promote videos that keep people entertained and leave them feeling happy and fulfilled think about it people clicked on this video expecting one explosion and they actually ended up getting two huge explosions and a heartwarming surprise to really succeed on youtube you need to over deliver for your viewers but for mark's formula there's still a vital part missing which takes us on to the next step mark uses perfect packaging mark knows that all his effort up to this point would be useless if he doesn't get the thumbnail and title right how you package your video is arguably the most important thing the first thing you'll notice about his title is it's very concise 44 characters to be exact data shows that the best performing viral videos have titles under 55 characters long as we mentioned earlier world's largest emphasizes that extreme aspect even using the word explosion instead of experiment adds to the excitement and danger that mark is trying to communicate however i think the real genius is in the thumbnail first of all the colors of the devil's toothpaste immediately grab your eye this is emphasized by having the background of the thumbnail washed out with neutral colours the contrast makes it jump through the screen the same is true of mark himself his white clothing stands out if he was wearing a black t-shirt here he would be much harder to recognize also notice how mark is used to show the scale the small human body beside the massive explosion makes you realize just how insane this video is going to be to add to this the thumbnail is in action mark running away makes it look like a screenshot from the video this emphasizes the danger and urgency you're clicking for that exact moment it also follows what i like to call the three element rule a good thumbnail is a simple thumbnail there are three main elements at play here the explosion the arrow and mark himself having too many elements in one thumbnail adds unnecessary complexity my friend dan noticed that mark often changes his thumbnails if he's not seeing results with all my clients i use a tool called a b testing in tubebuddy to do this automatically it can switch between two thumbnails and pick the one getting the best ctr and views i honestly have no idea why more people aren't using it so i've left a special link in the description below for you to give it a try mark certainly inspires me to be a better youtuber if you found this video helpful or interesting in any way all i ask for is a subscribe for now though i'll see you in the next one

  Top Comments:
  1. @paddygalloway8780 [931 likes]: Can we smash 30k likes?! Also, I do weekly Q&As on Instagram where I talk about YouTube, how much money I’m making and other tips and tricks. Go follow me to check them out! @ paddygalloway
  2. @EnglishLearnersHere [1 likes]: He is one of my favorite YouTubers! A real genius! 💖😍😍💖
  3. @forcabrasil6128: Bots



Kidding 😂
  4. @randomguy2543: mark rober fell off
  5. @EngineeringFun: Mr. Beast type content is made for the Idiocracy style audience (a vast majority).
  6. @velvetrealitytv: I still go to those videos that don't waste any materials..a video that entertains at the same time is beneficial to the needs of the audience
  7. @velvetrealitytv: pautang lods
  8. @acuteangle5237: Paddy you are doing a great job . Keep it up. Thanks for making us think critically
  9. @opakvods: i loved it man
  10. @GuitarSkillBuildingHQ: Got there because I wanted to get rid of squirrels- stayed after the jello
  11. @tradingpathfx: how this whiteboard animations is being made that shown is in this video?
  12. @TwattyWankers: 09/07/23
  13. @simsoset: 3:30  Wow
  14. @SubbwellMusic: New track "It's All an Illusion" 👋
https://youtu.be/GEkwjIstkhU?si=EJ67QqgaprD8NAKW
  15. @DakotahMiskus: Mark is the Mr beast of science
  16. @Dunia_fotografi: 😍❤️👏👏
  17. @marites3003: 😊
  18. @thisischrishoward: interesante
  19. @PennyMartinPhotography: Great information and tips. I like that you share stats, comparisons and ways to fine tune my own editing. Thank you!
  20. @zinfinite777: Thank you paddy this was great! Really inspiring stuff thanks :)

- YouTube Expert Reveals His Viral Video Formula: Kind: captions Language: en this YouTube expert helped Red Bull hit 18 million views on a single video that's 10 times more than Red Bull's average so yeah this guy knows his stuff and not only that but he documented the entire process of how he did it on Twitter X Twix from how he came up with a viral idea to the exact title and thumbnail strategy right through to a masterful retention hack he used to make it impossible to click away from the video so we want to share with you each of the strategy of this expert Ed and then we're going to expand on them showing you how they work and why so that you can apply them to your next video paty Galloway is one of the most respected YouTube strategists on the planet he's worked with big creators like Mr Beast jesser Red Bull the list is already endless and he's helped strategize over 10 billion views for his YouTube clients but we're not talking about just consultation here Patty has created many viral hit videos himself on his own channel which we're a bit jealous about to be honest so when paty talks about how to get 18 million views on a single video it's time to put away those instructions and get ready with a notebook or no tablet or phone or however you want to jot all of this down now you may have heard of this first strategy before come up with a good idea but have you seen it broken down like this it's a set of five principles that Paddy uses to dramatically increase the chances of any one of the videos he helps with going viral now the reason these principles exist is so that the video IDE goes through a filtration system it stops you from investing time money and energy into a bad video idea in fact if you turn these principles into questions this can be a really good way to pre-screen the videos so let's break down how each of these questions work did I draw that right editor are you sure about that the first question is does the idea appeal to all three audiences and those are the Casual audience the core audience and new audiences the core audience is your loyal fans it doesn't matter whether they're subscrib or not the moment they see one of your videos they're going to watch it the Casual audience is just that people who watch your videos here and there they're probably more interested in any specific value of a video rather than you as a Creator and then of course we have new audiences people who've never come across your content before now when you make a video that resonates across all three audiences that is you get engagement all across the board and the algorithm is going to make that video more discoverable now the Red Bull video is a great example of all of this it's a challenge Style video comparing the world's fastest camera drone to an F W car this not only appeals to the caught and Casual audience of red buom but also to new viewers scrolling through YouTube who are caught up by the Curiosity of this video idea so before you start your next video put yourself in the shoes of each audience type and ask yourself this if this video showed up on my homepage would I click on it if the answer is yes then you can move on to the next filter question is the video idea easy and simple to turn into a thumbnail if it isn't then scrap it and move on this is because the packaging isn't going to be able to deliver the video's call message and you've seen thumbnails and titles are unclear right you're just not going to click on them and again this is where the Red Bull example shines the idea is so simple to its core that the thumbnail basically makes itself and admit it you've had those moments of thumbnail Clarity before haven't you once in a while the thumbnail just comes at you in an instant and when it does that video usually performs pretty well doesn't it you see where we're going with this right but as we move on to the next question this is where things get a little more challenging because you've got to ask yourself whether this video idea is unique and novel as we all know there's a lot of competition on YouTube as a result mediocre ideas or ideas that have been used far too frequently recently are likely to underperform your idea must have some element of the unexpected catch a viewer off guard so to speak in the Red Bull video the unique new element is the world's fastest camera drop it's likely that no one has ever seen these two powerful types of machines go head-to-head so it creates a large amount of curiosity makes people click now if the video has passed all of these questions with a check mark we can start to stack success onto the idea and we do that by asking ourselves does it combine one or more viral formats in the case of a Red Bull video it uses two formats that are known to go viral time and time again first we have a challenge style format which is where the video is based around overcoming some unique and Big Challenge and secondly we have a celebrity Association which in this case is Max verstappen a three-time world champion F1 driver by combining these viral formats pad with was basically doubling the chance of a video performing really well which it did it captured attention because Max is one of the biggest racing celebrities in the world and it also followed a viral video structure which we're going to break down step by step a little later on so when coming up with video ideas look for viral formats that are known to perform well in your Niche and try combining them and now we move on to the final principle SL question which is this do friends and peers get excited when you share the idea with them what you're looking for is genuine Buzz excitement and you want this from friends and peers because they're genuinely invested in you they care about you which is why it might not be the best idea to share this everywhere for example if you share your video ideas in the community tab of your YouTube channel you may get overly positive or overly negative reactions usually the community just says yes give me more stuff so share your ideas with a small Mastermind group of friends or creators especially if they're in the same niche as you it should be a safe space where constructive criticism is welcomed because so friends and creators would expect exactly the same thing from you when they share their ideas and that's exactly what we've created here at vid IQ our boost plan gives you access to our exclusive tight-knit community of YouTubers who actually want to see you succeed we have rooms for all sorts of things where you'll be able to get fast feedback from other creators on things like video ideas thumbnails and anything else YouTube related and today we're going to help you get access that community on the cheap with just a single dollar the link in the description will not only open the doors to that exclusive Community but give you unlimited access to all of our vid IQ tools including daily ideas keyword research and optimizing your videos I think that's a pretty good deal if you don't mind me saying so all right so if by this point your video idea has survived all of these five tough questions when it's a good sign that your video has a chance with the YouTube CS in fact it's pretty safe to say that if you only followed this part of pad's viral strategy then you'd already be miles ahead of most small creators on YouTube because the truth is none of these creators are asking these tough questions before they start their videos but the exciting thing is this is only part one because now that the viral video idea has approval we need to package it if you study the cream of a crop the top 1% of YouTubers you'll find that they follow the same packaging strategy they don't reinvent the wheel every time they make a video coming up with a completely fresh title and thumnail idea instead they take inspiration from viral ideas already out on YouTube and make them better for examp example these are two examples Patty used as inspiration to create this thumbnail the proof was there these videos had already gone viral so all Patty had to do was find ways to improve upon them and when you compare these side by side you can clearly see which one is more interesting and engaging but why exactly did this title and thumbnail drive go on editor give me a bsh for that cheers yeah why did it drive so many clicks well first of all two words world's fastest it's a proven attention grabber it adds weight and importance to the title and it's been used in multiple other videos that have proven to go viral take a look at these for example Patty knows that these two words are incredibly powerful and it gets people's attention next is the fact that a drone versus an F1 super car is a weird and unlikely comparison this creates what I like to call shock value it adds an element of surprise and curiosity and let's be honest this is really hard to replicate who else has access to an F1 super car another great example of this is one of Mark Rob's videos car versus world's strongest trampoline this weird comparison immediately starts producing images of a car flying in the air and it makes you want to watch the video the final thing the title does is tease an exciting Story the blank versus blank format naturally creates a story arc by setting up conflict and competition the moment you see the title in the thumbnail you're already making a snap call I think that's going to win as well as pondering the question can a drone really go that fast all of which contributes to making the viewer want a click these four elements helped py create a title that even by itself generates curiosity and Intrigue but to complete the packaging you've got to combine it with a perfect thumbnail so let's take a look at how this 18 million viewed video did just start first of all that drone instantly grabs your attention it's small it's weird looking and it also Taps into a new trend drones are still relatively new technology and high-speed ones are even more recent and you know drones are agile they're fast but are they that fast so when you put the F1 car on a drone side by side on a racetrack it takes less than a second to know what's going on you're probably thinking the Drone has absolutely no shot of winning this race but why would they pair them together this video knows something we don't and we're compelled to find out what it is and that is all of a hard work done right nah not by a long shot what you've effectively done is got the viewer of a starting grid now you've got to convince them to watch the entire race and this is where we're going to look at pad's genius retention formula everything you need to know about the formula can be found in this image which is basically a drawing of a modified version of something called the five act structure this is a well-known storytelling framework that's been used in Hollywood movies for a century and today it's been adopted and adapted by the most viral YouTube videos on the platform now what pad's done is taken three of the most important parts of his structure and created his own hybrid version so let's break down how he did this in his own video so that you can apply it to yours the first stage is the exposition this can also be called The Hook but basically what you're doing is selling the story of the video and how you do that is by grabbing the viewer's attention in the first few seconds and then setting up the rest of a video is that the fastest camera drone in the world do you think that can keep up with me around the lab in an F1 car I think that can be one of the best F1 shots ever notice how Paddy starts with Max reaction to the speed of a drone and then he sets down a challenge suddenly everything has been flipped on its head the Drone is now in control and it's now a question of whether or not Max can keep up and did you notice a subtle but powerful hook technique that was used you hear a drone first there's a delayed payoff before you see how fast it actually is that is quite a lot to take in in such a short amount of time isn't it and it's got you hooked and so the next step is the rising action to create this sense of rising action we need to introduce a problem that's going to be overcome in this video is when the Drone beats the F1 car in a drag race not only does this first race deliver an early payoff to the video but it sets up the Big Challenge and that's basically if a drone can do corners and keep up with an F1 car through an entire lap Patty also talked about this big action scene at the beginning of a video the wow moment it's high stakes it's high emotion it pays off the viewers expectations early on in a video we're only just getting started another wow moment that happens before the climax is the test flight what pad is doing here is re-engaging with the viewer so they don't click away but as we said earlier this is rising action and these wild moments can't exceed the climax they're more teasers of what to come and they're pretty spectacular in their own right so now finally we come to the climax obviously it's the most exciting part of the story this is where the big problem is finally resolved and the tension the anticipation in the viewer is finally released the Drone and the F1 car are finally going head-to-head to see whether the team succeeded or failed the climax is crucial because it delivers a payoff that was promised at the very beginning in a title and the thumbnail it's what the viewers have been waiting for the anticipation the tension it all comes to a head and the outcome of a race provides a satisfying resolution to the story and gives a viewer a sense of closure but for you this is merely the beginning cuz you'll want to learn more about that five act story structure that's working so well on YouTube for so many creators and it just so happens we've made a dedicated video about it with examples and how you can apply it to your next video

  Top Comments:
  1. @paddygalloway8780 [39 likes]: Thanks for this! So when am I gonna come on for an interview some time?
  2. @soul_maestro [1 likes]: how to make a million views video: 
have a multimillion, multinational company with a well oiled marketing department sponsor you. 
ps: it was redbull that came up with the idea after seeing their videos of their fast videodrone, and that funded them so they could make it even faster...


it's like that meme:
how to become rich?
buy realestate
don't spent on stupid stuff
have rich parents pay for everything

claim on youtube do have done it all by yourself, to be a guru selling courses.
  3. @ReadingStoriesGG: :face-red-heart-shape:
  4. @hoodyb0y489: Please viral this title ( Why getting 99.9% won't make you RICH)
  5. @Newsinrealestate: What if you have 2 YouTube channels?   Please let me know.. I can’t afford 2 monthly vid iQ pymts.. am I missing something??
  6. @mygumybear: I think you mention a lot of examples of YouTubers that either a corporation or content creators with a lot of cash to make huge eye opening contents with a lot of man power and logistics to spare. Provide information of a success by a YouTuber who just created a channel from last year. You need to speak more about small YouTube channels. Who needs to be successful. The big whales have seen it and done it. Need to help the smaller channels at least the one with less than 100 subscribers.
  7. @BananaBob_the_anti-furry: 178 subscribers I hope this works
  8. @dailyhubranx: Pro tip: If i find a viral formula, im not sharing it. So think twice
  9. @Leo1-BrawlStars: Almost 1,000 subscribers! 😁🥳
  10. @grapesodatravels: Haha just discovered that one of our videos is being suggested off the back of this one. No idea why but we'll take it!
  11. @adiplays-roblox-gg: i think this may work because i am a new channel with 0 videos so this will help me come  up with my first video :)
  12. @Cric_SR.: Hey vidiq team,
I need your help and guidance to re-establish my cricket shorts channel before I usually got about 5k. To 12k views on my each short but after a copyright strike it all went down to 10 to 20 views so please suggest me what to do and what is the reason behind this downfall.
Cric_SR
  13. @KASAM.FAMILY: I think I now have almost seen all videos of @vidIQ to learn about algorithms and youtube strategy😂 
Hope it helps one day🤞
  14. @KaiButteredField: I cant wait for that  day when my video and short gets attraction and hit at least 1k views within 1 day 😊 ,Im still new now on 48 subs only 2 shorts  reached 1k after 3 weeks 😢 

The struggle is real ,I will keep pushing
  15. @steel-spirit: Don't give up, I'm just starting this journey too. Hopefully, many years from now, I'll still be on this journey, and anyone like me should hop on this train as well. 💪
  16. @swahvae: I still can’t get 1 single view on my new channel and I’ve pumped out 6 videos. That I know is great videos because other channels in my niche has done similar videos and they’ve all went viral
  17. @Scuipăcică_666: does me getting a shoutout from you count?
  18. @itsweyjo: I have 4 subscriber now and always hoping to grow. Be always patient and time will come. Fighting❤❤
  19. @youdoer: Storytelling is key. 🔥
  20. @Ghutas_wale: Hi

- The New Rules of YouTube (2025): Kind: captions Language: en You are responsible for 10 billion views on YouTube. Is that right? If we added it all up in the history of me doing YouTube, probably pushing 50 billion views. Wow. Can you break down why that title thumbnail works? I've never been more confident on uploading YouTube videos I was with that video. Really? But how we packaged it could be the difference between it getting a couple million views and 28 million. Brand YouTube channels are corporate video dumping grounds. I'm going to tell you guys the most recent upload to the target YouTube channel. Great. WA. Today on the Colin Mirror Show, we're joined by YouTube expert and strategist Patty Galloway. Now, we first came across Patty Galloway as fans of his channel. He was uploading breakdowns of creators like Mr. Beast, KSI, and Ryan Tran, talking about why their channels were so successful. Now, one of the most interesting things about Patty is not only is he working with creators on their videos, he's also working with brands on their YouTube strategies. So, for example, he works directly with Red Bull on their videos as well as the Philadelphia Eagles. It's one of the most fun parts of this conversation is talking about how brands are going to now occupy space on YouTube. In this conversation, we dive really deep into the strategies that top creators are using to grow their channels. We talk about ideas and what makes a good idea for YouTube, how to package it correctly, and we also talk about where YouTube is heading next. All right, now for our conversation with Patty Galloway. [Music] All right, Patty Galloway, welcome to the show. Thank you so much. It's It's been a long time coming and I'm excited to be here. You refer to yourself as a view maxer. Is that right? Yeah. View maximizer or something. View maximizer. You know, we get views. That's our kind of catchphrase for everything I do. Um I think uh in this industry, it's important to like know what you're good at. And there's so many different things I could describe myself as, but when I really trace back what I do with the people we work with and what I've spent the bulk of my life doing, it's getting more views for YouTube videos. So, yeah, the view maximizer, I'll take it. You've also been doing this for a while. You were a creator yourself on your own channel. That's how we got connected. That's how we met. Yeah. Yeah. Like, we exchanged DMs so long ago. Yeah. I mean, this is going to sound crazy and this is like a a beautiful thing to think about how long YouTube has been around, but I believe I posted my first video in 2006 on like a the first channel I ever uh built and that's nearly 20 years ago. So, it's like kind of crazy to think that YouTube's been around for that long. And I know you guys as well started in the same way. Like so long ago, you know, we've both we've all been on the platform for over a decade obsessing over it. So, yeah, it's a it's a beautiful thing. And we're actually this year we're this is 20 years of YouTube now. Yeah. Like so so it's super interesting that we're at this 20-y year mark. And I think it's an interesting place to start about the evolution of YouTube. When we first uploaded our videos onto the platform to what it is today, I think there was there was this assumption when we first started our channel that maybe this could be the modern version of television. But for that to play out, it actually took a really long time to get there. But where do you think YouTube is today? I mean, I'm going to sound like a kind of very bullish person on YouTube, as I'm sure we all are here at this table, but I really think for the longest time, the mainstream sort of looked as YouTube as like this kind of like, oh, place for internet clips and like, oh, now there's vloggers running around doing pranks and oh, now there's this thing and now, oh, now there's Mr. Beast doing all these like big stunts. But the more you kind of look at the play YouTube is making and you even listen to what Neil Mohan the CEO is saying like YouTube is the biggest streaming platform in the world. So YouTube is TV nowadays the production level people are putting into their YouTube videos at the highest level it's almost like movieesque. So YouTube is kind of Hollywood. Um and even the stat that surprised me was that YouTube is now the platform with the highest podcast viewership. more people watch podcasts on YouTube in the US than any other platform, which also means YouTube is kind of the new radio. So, I am very bullish on YouTube just being this kind of major winner in the whole future of entertainment. Uh, and I think that's like the exciting thing about being still so early in it in my opinion. You didn't even mention music. Yeah, YouTube music is massive platform. So, yeah, I think you're right that it is this like one-stop shop for entertainment that does make it harder to compete. right? Like like when you're living in a world now where you know a massive podcast gets uploaded on the same day as thousands and thousands of other videos. I think there's a stat that we saw that only 12% of YouTube videos crack a thousand views. That doesn't surprise me, but that's crazy to think. It's crazy to think about that. And so I think it's a it's it's a good place to start of like in today's world, what can break through? Yeah. Yeah. It's a great question. I think to me we just look at like where YouTube has come from a few even like 5 10 years ago I think it was still so focused on individual personalities that maybe they were just early to do YouTube and they were doing it at a decent level and they built an audience through that and lots of them are really talented like I'm thinking of a Casey Neistat um but in more recent years I think it has become more of a a strategy space like you have to really dig into like the strategic sides of YouTube it's not enough to just be funny and interesting on camera that that goes a long way. But nowadays, you look at the top creators and they're actually like, you know, they're entrepreneurs, they're data analysts, they're um managers of teams, they're leaders altogether. And I think when uh when we think about how competitive it is right now, that is true. Like there's probably never been a point in history of YouTube where there's more good videos being uploaded every week. But the eyeballs is also bigger. There is a bigger total audience. And I think the YouTube algorithm as well has got so good at allowing the cream to rise to the top and become such a meritocracy versus maybe how it was 5 10 years ago that I see this all the day in the work that I do. These smaller creators when they start to focus on the right things and put attention on the the kind of new things, the new rules that are working on YouTube, um they can see crazy results very quickly. So, I think it's more competitive than it's ever been, but it's also if you can deliver a really interesting title, thumbnail, and video, the kind of multiplier effect of YouTube algorithm and how far that can reach even as a small channel has never been greater. So, it's kind of like a balancing act where competition is higher, but also I think the algorithm is so much more sophisticated and there's a total market that's bigger that when you hit it right, it's pretty frightening how quickly you can you can grow a channel. What does it take to hit it right? Like when you say hit it right and you're working with creators or you're working with brands, what has to come together so that you've hit it right, you've maxed all your views, what's happening totally. So I think the interesting thing and and I've said this before, but I think because YouTube is a video platform, people do look at it and say, well, it's all about the video. It's all about the content. It's all about, you know, the cameras and the production. Um, and I know this is not a talking point that's particularly new, but YouTube is not a video platform. It's a it's a click and watch platform. It's a platform that people have to decide what to view. Even when you compare it to other video platforms like Tik Tok, Tik Tok feeds you content based on your algorithm, based on your watch history, and they're really good at it. But YouTube long form at least is still a decision platform. So to me, like the first step is always just like really nailing down what ideas we're going to make for a channel. So when I think about these smaller channels that are growing really quickly, it's usually that they have actually invested more time into ideation. And just before we went live, we were even talking about some examples, but like I recently had a channel in our accelerator program who was doing 2 or 3,000 views a video. His name is Ian Lure, Ian Lure Astro. He's an astrophotography channel. And he was making content and there was nothing terribly wrong with how he was making the videos. Like the videos were pretty good, but they were doing two or three thousand views a video. And I'd love to take a lot of credit for it, but the reality of it is is we were just like, "Hey, like spend more time on ideation, study what's working in other niches, try to build a video that we define as having a CCN fit, which is it hits the core audience, hits the casual audience, and it hits the new audience all at the same time, which sounds easy, but it's actually quite hard because sometimes what's really interesting to a new audience alienates a core audience. And sometimes what's um really interesting to a core audience is just narrowing the the total potential market the video can hit. So he just used some of these frameworks around ideation and just spent more time on his packaging. He changed it from maybe being a situation where he was spending 5% of time on idea title thumbnail to maybe spending 30% of time on idea title thumbnail. And he made a video that got a million views and did I think 270 times his average viewership. What was that video? That video was uh photographing um I think it was photographing the Milky Way in one hour or in 10 minutes, 1 hour and 24 hours, something like that. I'm sure we can show it on screen, but it was yeah, just a video just with astrophotography at different time levels. And it was built on a format that had worked for other people, like 5 minute haircut versus 50-minute haircut or, you know, whatnot. So, uh it was really interesting to see just how big of a multiplier YouTube can be. Can you break down why that title thumbnail works as opposed to like I photographed the Milky Way? Yeah. Right. Like instead of in 10 minutes, an hour and 24 hours or whatever it was, I think because immediately that poses like an interesting question of like what do the different levels of time investment look like for this thing? There's also like a clear comparison and like I think just naturally viewers are interested in comparisons. Like whether it be a body transformation, whether it be like a $1 jet versus like a hundred billion dollar jet or whatever. I think viewers are just fascinated by comparisons and seeing how different things take different amounts of time or investment. Mhm. So I think that just it built on a format and also that format makes for a really interesting thumbnail because you can show the different levels of effort and how that photo ends up coming out. So I think it just takes it from being like realistically this is the beautiful thing is there's not that much difference between that video and a video where you just say like taking a photo of the Milky Way or whatever. Yeah. But those little differences can just have such outsized returns which I it breaks my brain sometimes because you know we've had a situation as well where we worked with this creator his name was Tim Gabe and he had a video which was six UI hacks um or something like that user interface hacks for website design and someone on my team helped advise him on just like a tiny thumbnail change and the difference between the thumbnail he had before and the thumbnail he had afterwards was I would say maybe it was like 30 40% better the one afterwards. Like it wasn't a huge difference, but the video ended up getting 40 times more views per day just because it was a little bit better with a lot more people and then YouTube just snowballed it from there. And that's what breaks my brain and I think what a lot of creators like fail to realize is how much of a difference those small details can make. So often like I think people are looking for this complete like tear down and like everything's wrong, we need to build it up again with this new strategy. Sometimes it is about just like realizing where you need to invest more time and focus and just improving those little details. Do you remember what was 30 or 40% better about it? We made it clearer. We can actually give you the the title thumbnail so you can show it on screen for the viewers. But it was just a simple thing. It just made it a little bit clearer. It was easier to to look at. We removed some of like the the excess busyness. Just made this really clear thumbnail. I think we put like a little cursor on screen so like you're clicking onto the for the UI elements. And if you just look at them side by side, it's like a little bit better. But yeah, 40 times more views per day after that change. It is interesting how exponential it is. And just just back to what you said about like YouTube being a click and watch platform. I think that's a that's a really important note. So we we built a program called the YouTube growth playbook and it's centered around what we consider the three rules of YouTube. So I'm going to pitch them to you and see how you feel about them. Uh the first is obvious. It's if they don't click, they don't watch. And it's something that Jimmy said to us on our show that ever since he said that I'm like that is such an obvious statement, but it is it is the first rule of YouTube, plain and simple. The second is once they've once you've earned someone's click, the second rule is respect their time. Which means like now that they're inside of the video, you have to really respect the fact that they gave you that time and essentially introduce if the the thumbnail is a question, you now have to introduce a new question that allows them to to stay until the end, right? There there has to be a reason for them to invest that time and get value back. And the third rule is uh a question which is do you want more stuff like this? So basically every video that you upload has to answer the question of if I asked you if you if you liked one of my videos then I have to ask you well do you want more stuff like that? My next video is like that too to basically allow you to to jump. Right. So like you talk about that space photographer of going from you know that format. I'd have to imagine he repeated that format. Yeah. In his next videos. Yeah. And it's not necessarily just repetitive of like, hey, just make the same video over and over again. It's actually empathetic towards the audience's experience. The majority of our viewership comes from uh browse and suggested. So it it's beyond even just being a click and watch platform. It's where are the surfaces that they can click. Mhm. And the assumption I think the base assumption when people are coming into YouTube is that it's the channel page, you know, or like if I put out the video then maybe but it's it's actually not it's not there. It's on the home screen. Yeah. Or more importantly, is the right bar next to the rest of videos. So you actually have to reverse engineer and go, what video are they watching right now that would get them to click on my video? Yeah. Right. Yeah. We always say too with if they don't click, they don't watch that the goal is that your video should be familiar to the audience but also unexpected. So this creator who's making this aerospace photography video, I'm sure there's a lot in that thumbnail that looks like other aerospace photography videos. But the element that's unexpected is the the way that the thumbnail is divided into three, right? That's what's unexpected. So like within that sea of aerospace photography, if I'm looking for a video to watch, ooh, there's the one that's unexpected. It's familiar to me, but it's also unexpected. I'll click. You're using like a classic YouTube, right? Johnny Harris has a great video, too. A great thumbnail that's similar. Let me pull it up cuz it's exact. Uh, let me show you guys having different income levels. Oh, I saw how your life looks and feels and operates differently across those income levels. So, Johnny's video is called 25,000 versus $25 million. And it's a three-step with 25,000 and then in the middle 100,000 and then at the end 25 million. But that is just like a clean classic YouTube example of the titles and thumbnails don't necessarily exactly match, but they suggest this like three-step framework that just works. I think what's uh inspiring to me or at least makes me hopeful is that no matter what your medium is or what your topic is on YouTube, you can use that format. I even think about us like could we do interviewing YouTube creators with zero subscribers or like a thousand subscribers up to a million a million million that's good like 1,000 or 10,000 or something a million and 100 million and something you just done there by like hearing me talk about this talk about that video just come up with an idea for your channel right I think what's so interesting is when you start to realize that as a creator you're not limited to what is happening in your niche so so often like I look at how do you ideate with let's say a channel there's just like one focus there. Let's say it's golf. They're like, "How do I ideulate?" And it's like, "Oh, like currently I go look at all the other golf channels and see what's working." And it's like, "Well, are there any other niches that have like a certain level of adjacency to golf?" Like, is there other niches where you could take formats from that? Like even our format here of like maybe it's a $1 versus $10 versus $100 golf club or something. Like you can apply formats in so many niches. And it's honestly, it sounds simple, but so much of our success through my consulting company, through the other things we do, it's just seeing what is working in all these different niches and what are niche, what in our niche that we're currently focused on, what is a format that other people are not doing yet that we could bring over and adapt. And also, I think there's always like this feeling of like, well, we want to be original, we want to try something new, but there's a big difference between taking a format in your existing niche and doing it yourself cuz then that competing channel might be like, hey, I did that first. or one of your audience members is like that's not original. If you take like if you're the astrophotography channel, you take that over, it feels fresh. It feels new. And maybe in other niches that's now saturated and it's not as interesting. So, it's so interesting how you can kind of take things over from different niches. There's this method that we talk about quite a bit uh called be a magician. And it's because one time we had a conversation with a magician who said to us, "I don't have to come up with new tricks. I just have to show my tricks to audiences who haven't seen them before." There we go. And I was it like kind of blew me away because I was like that that's true. Like the space audience may have never seen that format before. Or you before the recording we were talking about permaculture which is a massive genre on YouTube that I did not even know about. Um and you have a student from your accelerator who had a video with 15 million views by using essentially a versus framework, right? Or a before and after framework. Can you talk about that video? Yeah. I mean that's that's one of the craziest things I've ever seen. So I think it was in cohort two of our accelerator program which was close on two years ago. Uh this channel Andrew Millison is the name of the channel and he was just in the cohort and you know he was pretty active but like we didn't directly like tell him which video to make or anything like this was on his own accord. So not trying to take any credit for this cuz this is him and his work but I think he just realized from being around these other creators and hearing me talk about how we do YouTube at the highest level. He was like, "Wow, like I could probably package these videos to be bigger, broader." And yeah, he made this video about how the UN is holding back the Sahara Desert. And I think earlier I mentioned that idea of the core casual new audience. If you think about the core of like permaculture, horiculture, it's pretty small on YouTube. But if you attach it to like okay, the UN and the Sahara Desert and then you add like a really interesting thumbnail, which you know, we can show that up on screen, but that thumbnail is like so irresistible not to click. Half of it is like a completely aid desert and the right is a desert that has been completely uh transformed. It's green. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's almost unbelievable actually. And I think to his credit, I clicked on the video sort of skeptical of is that real? Like is that an AI thumbnail or what is that? And the first frame is the lush green sort of desert that you see on the right. So it confirmed to me, okay, like this is actually the video I thought it was. That that what you just described there of like seeing a thumbnail that like almost you have to be like no way and they click it. That's what I'm always trying to create. Like I want something that feels like maybe somewhat exaggerated and like so like wow that looks impossible that you click the video but then we deliver on it in some fashion so that you just feel like actually I made the right decision by clicking this video. All right, hope you guys are enjoying this episode with Patty. Wanted to tell you about something real quick before we continue. So we want to give a hundred of you our 50 and5 YouTube ideation sprint totally for free. This is our five-day ideation sprint to help you come up with better ideas for your YouTube channel. Here's how it works. You click the link in our description, you put in your email, and every day for 5 days, you're going to get a video that teaches you something about titles and thumbnails, and you're going to get a prompt to push you to write 10 ideas for your YouTube channel. By the end of the 5 days, you're going to have 50 new ideas for your channel. So, if you're interested in that, we're giving away a 100 seeds totally for free. Just click the link in our description or go to colinsmeir.com/idas. All right, now back to the episode with Patty. So, you are responsible for 10 billion views on YouTube. Is that right? Or more? Um, the latest we checked, it's it's around 10 billion views uh a year. 10 billion views a year on YouTube. The the current clients we work with is around 10 billion views a year. If we added it all up in the history of me doing YouTube, it's probably pushing 50 billion views. So, there's a video that one of your, you know, one of the clients that you work with is Red Bull. Yeah. Yeah. And Red Bull's probably at the forefront of a brand operating like a creator, right? Like and and that most likely will become a trend that we see to continue to rise on YouTube is brands operating like creators. But um I bring up Red Bull because of those 10 billion views a year, there's one video that has 28 million views on Red Bull's channel that has this kind of versus framework that we can pull from, which is world's fastest camera drone versus F1 car. Uh and it's a really clean and simple thumbnail. Can you talk about just ideating within that context of Red Bull this video? Like how do you bring that forward? Why did you know this was going to work and why does it work? I I've never been more confident on uploading YouTube videos I was with that video. Really? I didn't think it do 28 million because we were like averaging maybe a million views a video at the time, but I was so confident that would work. So, I think if you go back, all these videos have like an origin story. And the first video u I ever gave Red Bull any advice on was this video they did which was mountain bike versus um world's best camera drone or something or world's best FPV drone. And that ended up doing really well for them. It did like I want to say like five to 10 million views in that sort of range. And that was actually before we started working with Red Bull. That was like three years ago now. Um and I think that planted a seed just internally that hey this versus format's interesting and drones like fast camera drones are interesting. And we also looked at the channel and we saw what's working on the channel. Formula 1 content is obviously very popular and was working really well on the channel. And then building into like another component which we can talk about which is like trying to identify competitive advantages if you're a brand. This can also apply to to creators and even small creators like what is something unique that you can do that other people can't. And it's like well we have access to F1 cars. We have access to the world's best F1 driver Max Staffin. We have access and resources to be able to build a really fast camera drone. you start to put these pieces together and you're like, "Well, how interesting would a video be where you race the world's fastest driver in an F1 car against the world's fastest camera drone and try to actually get it to keep up?" But the interesting thing about this video, and this kind of goes back to your points earlier about like maybe the title thumbnail feeling almost like a little bit exaggerated or not even like could this be real? That video when you actually look at it, it's actually not a race. It's the drone following the car. But if you think about that as a title, imagine the title was like, uh, world's fastest drone tries to keep up with F1 car. That's interesting, but maybe that would have got 4 million views. It's also kind of the end of the story cuz it it like the way you titled that didn't work. Tries to keep up with. Yeah. You're like, didn't work. Yeah. Moving on. Even for a thumbnail, then maybe you show the drone following the car. But like just seeing that format which was actually built and lifted from a format that works really well on the Red Bull channel but also for other channels which is like the drag race format which if you ever see the channel Carw Wow they do these things like Bugatti Veyron versus Ferrari F-150 or something and it's like these races uh with this behind camera angle. So we were like let's take inspiration from that format that works really well. Let's put them together. Let's put a drone on the track. Let's put an F1 car on the track. And I mean it's just it's a beautiful thumbnail in my opinion. So how involved are you in the process of of that video? Are you there and your team there from ideiation all the way through completion like looking at edits? Yeah. Video like that. I like to think about it is like we are strategists. So we don't do traditional production like we're not there on the set. We weren't there on the set of that video. Um, but we'll take we'll work on the ideation like we'll work alongside Red Bull like coming up with these ideas and working on those ideas. And I believe that original idea like was born internally at Red Bull from one of their producers, Callum. Um, and we just worked with it to make sure that it's adapted to be able to hit the viewership they want, you know. So, we actually took their original sort of semblance of an idea, figured out and make it broader. So, we'll advise on like the packaging, the title. Before the shoot, like the producers will meet with my team and myself and we'll just go through the shoot beats and just figure out how we're going to structure the video and what we're going to show. And then we'll do like edit reviews. And then the final thing for me is always like working. We actually make the thumbnails for Redbull. For most of our clients, we don't make the thumbnails for Red Bull. We we make the thumbnails. My amazing designer Britney, shout out to Britney. Um, and I say my designer, but she works for a lot of incredible creators. Um, and my my like biggest thing that always leads to the most friction with clients is usually like I have a very strong opinion on what the title thumbnail should be. And I will like argue that case. And I even remember for that specific video like I was like perhaps one of the other titles and thumbnail combinations they were suggesting. I was like it's good but it could get a million views. My one I think can get 10 million views. I remember saying that you know cuz it's it sounds so small but like even for a video that's so well executed, such an incredible piece of content. everyone that was involved in that content just did a phenomenal job, but how we packaged it could be the million views and 28 million. So, I think it's a really interesting exercise to uh this is actually something Jimmy said to us the first time we ever went to Greenville. He told us with our packaging, he he said, "Pull it to the most exaggerated version of what it is and then pull it back to what you're comfortable with." but but explore the most exaggerated version of the concept. Uh and and I thought that was a really interesting mental framework and exercise. Um and one of my favorite videos, this is not necessarily exaggerated, but one of my favorite title thumbnails on YouTube is from Veritassium and it is why are there 96 million black balls on this reservoir banger? It is. It is an unbelievable title thumbnail. has 102 million views. And and I think, you know, on the opposite end of what's the most exaggerated version of this, you know, he could have maybe gone like the 96 million mysterious black balls. I don't I think the title is perfect, but you can also go the other way and go, what's like the most boring version and let's make sure we don't do that. Like that video is actually about how LA protects its water supply. So you you which would have just been a brutal Yeah. title with a much smaller total addressable market. So you said 103 million views. Yeah. If we had like we came in and we were the anti- strategists. Let's say we start a company, our job is to get the least amount of views possible. We'd go in and we'd be like, "Oh, like interesting. How about we title it like how LA addresses its water shortage problem, right? That video on even beer's channel with millions of subscribers might have got 500k views, but maybe yeah, with that title of 103." Wow. Yeah. It opens up a curiosity gap, right? Which is like the most important thing is like we need a curiosity gap. And I think what's interesting is we're starting to talk about I think for the audience to latch on to like there are some really interesting frameworks to start with when it comes to ideation. Like one is superlatives. So fastest, biggest, smallest. You see these a lot on YouTube and I think superlatives are really easy visual words to latch on to and I think that's that's important, right? The other is versus is a classic like Ford F-150 versus Rivian, right? immediately you peg two things against each other and then we just talked about like the three-step that that we talk about quite a bit the like $1, $10, $100, right? Those like three steps. So I think you start to the most important thing there's a Seth Godating quote that says in order to be seen you must learn how to see. And I think spending time on YouTube just clocking what is the framework like what are they using in this framework to capture my attention is is the most important and just writing it down being like oh interesting world's smallest X. How many times do I see superlatives show up like that? Yeah. Another one that I I've been seeing a lot that we've had some success with over the years is like getting exclusive access or getting access to something that most people don't get access to. M so there's a creator, an Irish creator, shout out Irish creator called Darata who does these videos where like he investigates these like secret islands or secret like military bases that have like pollution and you know he has to wear like a gas mask when he goes there. Um another example is like we work with the creator Jesser who's biggest basketball creator like he'll do like getting access to the NBA, getting exclusive access to the finals. We did a video recently with um a a wildlife creator called Forest Galante and that title was called um private tour of secret Indian billionaires wildlife sanctuary and that got like 9 billion 9 billion 9 million everyone in the world watched everyone 9 million views 9 billion in the future not quite yet but like it's that format it's like even for maybe viewers listening they'd be like well I don't have exclusive access to like an Indian billionaire's private wildlife sanctuary but it's like Maybe there's some things you get interesting access to or you can showcase that other people can't. And I actually think going back to like our original points of like how do creators stand out in 2025 and beyond, I think it's becoming more important than ever to just lock in what your competitive advantage is. And for each of the the clients that we work with, like we actually have it internally in a document, which is like what is their competitive advantage? Like what do we see as the thing that makes them be able to make something or create content that other people can't make? And I think a lot of people just go to oh it's money oh it's like access or these things and yes that can be a competitive advantage but quite often it's just like unique experience or like a unique authority to speak on something that other people can't speak on and things like that. So you know anyone that's actually an interesting point with like even with the content I used to make on YouTube um when I used to do these breakdown videos they did really well but technically anyone can kind of make those. Yeah. But if I make a video talking about how I got 10 million views with clients or how, you know, we work with clients that do 20 million a year in revenue or something directly from YouTube, there's probably only a handful of people in the world that can actually say that as well. I also find that even if you don't have the money or the access and let's say you're going with a title, thumbnail, and a concept that's more about your personal experience and your personal knowledge, sometimes that adds enough tension in itself of like, let me see if I believe you as an expert. like here's 10 things you can do to like improve your fitness or something or whatever. Like I know that there are a lot of those types of videos, but occasionally I'll see one I'll be like, "Okay, there's actually tension here that's going to make me click cuz I want to see if I believe your expertise." Sometimes like that itself will bring you through the door. What do you think about lists? Like six financial tips or six, you know, like what do you think about lists? Ali Abdal is like a very forward list man. Yeah, Ali, if you're listening, hopefully you like that I called you a list man. He refers to himself as a forward thinking list man. So he I mean he said to us, he was like a YouTube video is is a title, thumbnail, and a list. And uh I thought that was a really interesting perspective. Um what do you think about like titles with like a title framework with a list in it? I think if the items you're like showcasing are feel unique and interesting for your niche. So, if you're, let's say, in the finance niche and you made a video which is like seven money tips, you know, to grow your wealth, it's kind of a bit generic and broad and probably lots of people covered it before, but if you say like seven underrated saving tips or seven money tips the top 1% are using that you don't know. So, like I think there's nothing wrong. I think the actual formative list and listical is is really effective and it's very easy to consume as well. But I think if it's a low number, so like between like three things and like 10 or 12 things, I want there to be a really unique thing. If it's a really big number, sometimes that can be just like a bit more generic cuz you're just getting so much in one video. So you see these videos which are like um 40 pieces of life life advice I learned before turning 40 or something. You see this like real quick fire like life advice type videos. So I mean even I always think about list listicles as well. If your if your listicle is like under 10 I think you can start to see it as less of just a listical but more of like a puzzle. So I actually look used to look at my YouTube videos like that. I would say I'm posing a question. How did this creator grow this fast? And my listical is basically every video followed like the three steps. People used to like joke about it. They're like Patty's fourstep formula. Patty's genius strategy. Um, and basically every video would follow a listical format, but it was like a puzzle list. So you'd piece uh pieces of the puzzle together to give the full picture. So I would say, "How did this creator grow?" Let's say, "How did Mr. Beast grow?" And then I'd be like, "All right, here are the different components that led to his growth." And then the structure of my video, I would connect those points together. So I'm like, the first thing he did was this. But without this other thing that we're going to talk about next, it wouldn't have made sense. So next we have this and then we have this and then we have this and we're piecing together the full picture for viewers instead of it being like how do M grow random tip random tip random tip cuz that's like a bit chaotic and hard to to follow. So it's like building a story into a list of I really like but yeah it's definitely a format that works. I also think you can define who the list is for. I I love this channel speed right now. And he'll make a video like seven cars for cool nerds, right? And and that's where like the tension and the interestingness comes from or like seven cars for cool nerds under 25 grand or something like that. So, we're talking a lot about, you know, frameworks pulling from what works on YouTube. Um, and I think the uh the the challenge is nothing exists in a vacuum. So, you do want to fit into the world of YouTube. You want to be familiar. You want to be unexpected. You want to make sure it's unique to you. Once you find something, it is pretty common that your category will just adopt your visual language. I think your thumbnail is a great example. I think our thumbnails are a great example. We are hardressed to go on YouTube and see an interview that doesn't look kind of like our thumbnails. Um, and especially in our niche, they look exactly like our thumbnails. They might have a slight change in, you know, color on the on the box that goes over the text, but you know, we screenshot a lot of thumbnails that look exactly like our thumbnails. And we recognize that it might be hard for our audience to even identify when it's a Colin and Smear thumbnail now because we're not in the thumbnails. It's guest plus, you know, quote or guest plus name. So what do you think in the direction of how do you advise channels to yeah to to to evolve from that when you found a format that works you've built a brand off of it but now you're living in a sea of sameness. Yeah that's that's a great question. It's it's a big decision because what I think sometimes happens is you have come up with a format that's really successful and that works really well. other people are copying it and then almost like you get bullied out of the market by thinking you have to change. Yeah. Which is so funny, but I've talked to creators before and I'm like, "Why did you change the thumbnail format? It was working so well." And they're like, "Everyone else in my niche started copying me." And it's like, but it never stopped working. So like you just kind of let like someone who had 10% market share bully you out of the niche, which I I usually strive more towards just doubling down further. like I didn't care how many people like so many people took my thumbnail format like it was it was crazy and also I'm sure like if I trace back there was some source some place where I originally had that idea from like it wasn't a completely original thought as well but it was my style a lot of people copied it but I never there was times where I got triggered like I'd see like especially when there was one example where someone did the graph their scripting was like identical to my scripting and they even used like the same background music and the same like bridging sentences like but next up like they said it the exact same way as me. I was like this is ridiculous but I think generally I I advise people unless the format is not working don't stop. So like if you're if you're sort of thinking like hey our format has not stopped working just because other people are doing it I wouldn't stop because of that. But I do think it's some about like what are what are little things we can bring into the thumbnail that identify it as ours. I think people's mind immediately goes like oh little logo in the bottom left. Sure. I don't love that. Like can some work? I don't love it. My mind always goes there. Yeah. And my mind is always like please take it off and he always says absolutely not. Yeah. Yeah. So I I don't love that because for everyone who hasn't seen you, which as big as you guys are, it's still like a huge audience that has never seen you before. Um they're going to kind of go like, "Oh, that's kind of ugly." Not that your logo is ugly, but they're going to like that kind of breaks up the image and I don't know what that is. And it kind of just adds busyness that I don't like. So I always think of like thumbnail brand as more like, you know, could be color of text. I've I've seen a lot of people like copy your sort of yellow color, but it could be color text, it could be font, it could be just like sometimes I think about even the t-shirt or color that the guest is wearing. Like it's difficult to control, but maybe in the thumbnail edit you can control it. But overall, I think it's just about trying to drown out that noise. Um, it's hard as a creative to drown out the noise. It's like the creator brain is actually look at what's working and repeat what's working. The creative is how can I be unique? And sometimes those are at odds with each other. Yeah. Right. And it is it is the creative dies inside when you're no longer unique. When you live in a sea of sameness. Uh but the creator, you're right, if it's working, you're just like, "Oh, okay. Just keep doing that thing." I I think I took this from you guys. You said this on a podcast maybe years ago and it really resonated with me where you said there's like artists and distributors. Yeah. There's a spectrum of artist. I I can't tell you how much I think of that in my head and try to think and place where different people are on that that frame. So maybe someone like Casey is really far on the artist side. Maybe someone like Jimmy is more on the distributor side, you know? And it's interesting to think where where we fall. Like I know that I fall probably further on on the distributor side. And there's a part of me that has that creative inclination and wants to like always like be original and be fresh and come with completely new things. But there's another part of it which is like hey like if we want to build something sustainable and build a business it's like if you're a band and you have a record that sells really well in a certain genre and then you say I want to be different and switch the genre altogether. You could be Kanye and it could work or you could be all the other artists that like wild artist call out from Patty. Yeah. Yeah. I guess if you're Kanye and it works until it doesn't doesn't work. But but uh yeah, actually Frank Ocean is a really interesting example there too of like so for people who don't know the spectrum that we're talking about, Colin and I talk about this spectrum of artist to distributor. Uh the distributor is like the studio studio movie executive who's like we got to make another Spider-Man cuz Spider-Man puts butts and seats like keep making another Spider-Man. The artist is like I'm make whatever I want. I don't care if people see it. Uh and and I think creators have to live uh like probably 75% towards distributor. Yeah. Right. Like and I think I live somewhere in the middle which is challenging. Like the more you push over towards the artistic side, you might even have someone like an Emma Chamberlain who just like doesn't want to do it anymore. Yeah. You know, just like I I don't want to play this game anymore. Um so it's an interesting it's an interesting uh middle ground between like strategy and and creativity. You know what's something I find really helpful with this is and it actually goes back to a point you brought up early in this conversation as well about like building almost like a bingeable format so they watch one and they can watch another right so I like to think of this framework that I call the 80% rule but it's not like the classic paro principle 80% rule which is like we should aim to interest 80% plus of our audience with every upload. That sounds kind of basic when you hear it said, but it's a great way of diagnosing problems with the channel because you look at a channel and you see them doing all these different formats and you're like, you know, you're, let's say you're playing this video game, then you're doing this video game, then this video game, and they're they all fall within the category of video games. So you can say, I'm in the video game niche, but like the percentage of people on planet Earth that play all three of those games is probably very, very small, you know? And it's the same even like when we went into like a brand channel like Red Bull, like they have all these different sports. They have like skiing, snowboarding, basketball, Formula 1. And like there's very few people on earth and most of them work at Red Bull who actually enjoy and do all those things at the same time. So I always say the 80% strategy rule says you should try to aim 80% of your audience. But the second part of it is 80% of the time. So you try to aim to interest 80% plus overlap with your audience in every video. But you do that 80% of the time. So you get one in let's say every five videos that you can just try something different and go and break that rule. And I think that's where you kind of innovate because if you just there are channels that just focus down on like milking a certain format so much that then when that format dries up they don't really have a a bridge to cross to go to another place. I will say from a strategy perspective I'm always more in favor of milking something than underming something. It's like someone's like what if I milk this too much? was like, "Well, what if you don't milk it too much and everyone else copies it and you've just wasted all these, you know, views." The view master is not going to tell you to stop. There's a term in American football, which is run it till they stop you, which literally means run the run the play until they can like run the ball uh until they stop it because like if it's working, just keep doing it. Yeah. For us, I mean, you talk about experimenting. We always say that like you should have an engine as a creator and you should also have room for experimentation. For us, the show is the engine. Like, it's consistent for us. We can put it out on a regular basis. And then we've started to actually set goals of like, oh, you know what? We want to do one video a quarter that is a total experiment. And that way we can look back on the year with some structure to that uh to make sure we're doing both. You know, the engine that we know works and the experimenting to see like maybe what the future of the channel could look like. Yeah. But can I ask you this? that experiment. Are you going to measure it against the success of your other videos or are you going to view it in isolation? That's a really good question. Um, this is the biggest thing I see as a problem with like even YouTube's ranking system which a lot a lot of people want to get rid of. I still like the ranking system personally, but you know, again, the view maximizer. I love anything that gives me data. I definitely don't want to get rid of it. Yeah, I think it's important. Yeah, I think it's important. And I think there's a quote from a a movie executive who said, "The day I stopped caring about the box office numbers is the day I should be out of the business." Yeah. And I I I always feel that about the one of 10 ranking of like the day I stop caring about that is the day I should be out because that is that's the game. Like that's the game we're playing. And if you don't care about that game, then you're you're not in it. Yeah. You know, and you you might have fallen out of love with it. Um it is painful. It's a painful game, but it's it's uh you have to love it. I think for us it's a little bit difficult because I generally always know the experiments will work. Sure. Because they are documentary long form behind the scenes uh with either Jimmy or Mark Robber or some big creator and it's visual like it's made to be watched right on TVs. It's made to be clicked on immediately whereas I know a three-hour podcast episode is probably not going to have that initial velocity, right? So I think for us it's it's a little bit diff difficult. Maybe that's a problem. Like maybe if you feel like all your experiments are you already know they're going to work. Maybe you should try something that you're like a bit more uncomfortable with. I think the interesting thing I I always notice with creators and it's just like we're all like this. But someone's like this is an experiment. It's an experiment. It's something new. We don't know how it's going to do, you know? And then they upload the video and it's an 8 out of 10 and they're like disaster. Change thumbnail. Change. What's happening? This is my channel's declining. Everything's gone down the drain. It's a rig. YouTube is rigged. It's a rig. It's like guys like we we said this was going to be experiment. Like I have to deal with that. Part of my job is working with creators who are emotional people. I'm an emotional person as well, but like it's like calming them down and being like we knew this was going to underperform, you know, which I know is not the most reassuring thing to say, but like a thing like a little hack that creators can do is before they upload a video, just get a Google sheet, get a notes app, and just give a prediction for where you think it's going to come out of 10. I call it like an expected outcome. Like where do we think this video is going to fall? You have to like use a bit of your go bit of maybe previous data of how videos have performed before, but just give yourself an expected outcome. So when you upload the video, if you have in your note or your sheet that it's going to be probably around 8 out of 10 and it's an 8 out of 10, it's performing as expected. It's not underperforming. But it's like imagine a business launches a new product line which is the equivalent of a YouTube video experiment and compares it against their flagship product. They'd be like, "This is performing terribly. Why did we ever do this? This is disastrous." But if they compare it to like a new product or how that product performed when it first came out, they might be like actually there's something here. If it's a five out of 10, it's a big hit. Yeah. Right. We have to look on such long time windows, but we're not able to, right? Cuz like if that's an investment, a new format is an investment in the future. So I think um we also have started to value anecdotal feedback, which is really intangible, but like who reached out after we made that video? Who was in our inbox? who DM'd us, who when we're out at an event, what episodes are they talking about, right? Like last year we made an episode uh about hot ones and about like the uh them going up for sale and kind of some of our predictions and our thoughts on it. It's not our biggest video ever, but it's it was the most talked about of the year. Uh and and it created the most conversation and that's a metric that we really value. So, of course, there's the classic metrics that go alongside those rules that we just talked about where it's like, okay, did people click? That's, you know, clickthrough rate. Did I have a high clickthrough rate? Did people watch till the end? AVD. Uh, did people watch another video? Right? Is there a returning viewer rate that we can connect to here? Those were obviously tracking. But then there's the anecdotal brand feedback that I think some creators forget about. like we're building brands and that metric comes from how the industry perceives you or how your peers perceive you or how the world perceives you. And I think brand perception is something that is incredibly important when you're building a a media platform or like a personal brand or when you're now talking about blue chip, you know, major legacy brands like Red Bull, views might not be just the only thing that matter there. It's going to also be like the perception of the Red Bull brand, right? And those those are sometimes can be at odds with each other. Yeah. Like maybe me as the view maximizer for that 28 million view video. I'm like look at this. Look at the view count. Look at the ranking. Look at the lead it has over the two out of 10. Look at the retention curve for 28 million views to still hold this well. That's amazing. But the executive at Red Bull might be like look at the top comment. It says, "Wow, only Red Bull would pull off something this great." You know, cuz that's all the all the comments are like that. So sometimes like I mean the screenshots of the comments in that video is a great case study of why brands should be doing YouTube because it's just like people they don't just see that as Max forappen drone form car. They see as Red Bull like rebel did this for us. They brought this for us and that's so much more valuable than 28 million ad impressions. Like that is people living with your brand and living with your your content. So yeah I think what you've described is really important but the difficult thing is I think it's so hard for people to measure. Yeah. So, you're saying like you go to people like people that go to events, stuff like that. It's just like a feeling. Yeah. It's it's very hard to measure. There's no like corporate KPI against it. It's just like a feeling. Yeah. You have to be careful to let that sway you too much. What the feedback is. You could also just have a dude who's like, I loved that. I mean, when we were first starting on YouTube, anyone who told us they loved that one video, we're like, let's make another one of those videos right now. Like, that dude at the coffee shop said he liked it. Um when when I used to work with the quite large Minecraft channel, we had a discord server with maybe like two or 300,000 like fans in this Discord server and we had a individual channel which was like contribute with video ideas. So imagine all these like people watching this Minecraft content like your audience contribute with video ideas and it would be like 50 or 60 a day. So like those build up, you're getting hundreds of video ideas per week. I don't believe we ever made one from that list of people. Well, and that wasn't to dismiss our audience's feedback, but it was nearly always do this again or like, you know, it was never actually like the signal. Um, but one thing that's interesting on this, and I maybe if there's like a YouTube employee watching, I've said this to you before, but like I would love this feature. We know that on YouTube it's about clicks and it's about watches, but it's also about satisfaction. It's also about how satisfied you're making the viewers. And still today, I just feel like it's very difficult to measure that. You can look at like to dislike ratio. You can look at comment sentiments, but imagine we had a situation where like YouTube gave us like a satisfaction score for a video. That might be a really interesting way of measuring. I know with Twitter, how I measure satisfaction on Twitter. It's maybe not perfect, but I look at the bookmarks. Yeah. Cuz I was like, how many people were like, I want to bookmark this. I've had tweets that have done 500,000 views that have 100 bookmarks. I have tweets that did 100,000 views that have 3,000 bookmarks, you know? So, I like to look at like how many people are bookmarking on Twitter. The YouTube equivalent of that is quite difficult. You could look at shares, you could look at likes. I just wish there was something in studio. Maybe it's impossible because they measure against so many variables, but I wish there was something that showed your video got a 78% satisfaction score or something. That would be amazing. So, if we talk if we talk about like the evolution of YouTube and the evolution of media, you just mentioned like that video from Red Bull, the comments are all about like this gift that Red Bull gave to the audience, right? and essentially making a equivalent of a TV show. Like the Red Bull channel is like Red Bull TV, right? And I I don't think I anticipated that when we first started YouTube. I I kind of anticipated that maybe the individual could become the modern media platform. And that has played out, right? Like individuals are more trusted from a media perspective than major corporations, the NBC's of the world, the CNN's. They're not as trusted as the individuals who put out content on YouTube, but brands stepping in and becoming their own media platforms is interesting. And it's still not fully all the way there. We're at like very early stages with Red Bull probably leading the pack. I mean, this conversation is so incredibly niche. Yeah. Yeah. When you think about it, like some of the tips that we're throwing around, some of the verbiage that we're throwing around, like you'd be hardressed to find people from a marketing department at a brand who truly like understand what we're talking about and why they would need this. But I do truly believe that like 5 10 years from now, they will be extremely wellversed or they will have someone who is wellversed. Like is Nike going to make their own show on YouTube? Is is McDonald's going to have their own version of a show? um you know what what does the future of brands look like? And I'm curious if you could speak to right now how you think creators and brands differ on YouTube and and just your perspective because you you have a front row seat to how brands are treating YouTube like if we play this out like what are they the next like big studios? I mean that's really interesting. I think creators and brands like the biggest difference is most creators, not all creators, but most creators when you really dig deep, they just want to grow their audience. Not always, but like you know, especially if they're coming to someone like me to work, it's usually because they want to grow their viewership because if we grow their viewership and like we have a great stat that we quote internally, but first 12 months of working with a a channel, long form viewership growth is around 350 to 400% year-over-year. So the 12 months before we took over, the 12 months after, it's around 350 to 400%. And especially with big established channels, that's like a pretty big difference for creators. Great. That's what we want. You know, give us views, view maximizer, like grant us more views, right? The brands, it's like we want views. We want to grow views, but also we want to like be in front of the right viewers. We don't want to just get views for the sake of it. We also don't want to do anything that puts our brand at danger or in a bad light, you know? Um, and those are things that like a traditional YouTube coded brain like mine, maybe I first go into a situation like Rebel and I'm like, "Oh, like let's uh race an F1 car versus like Neymar or let's like do all these like huge ambitious ideas." And some of it is like that would get views, but that's not what we care about, you know? We don't care about views alone. Like we care about the connection. They they want to grow the viewership, but they look at it as like how can a lot of people see our brand in connection with aligned with good content and just feel like this brand brought the this situation to us. So I think the biggest difference is they just optimize for more things which actually makes it sometimes a bit more difficult. That's what I learned from first working with like Rebel was the first brand we work with. You know we work with the Philadelphia Eagles now the football uh team, the Super Bowl champions. Uh we work with like a big car manufacturer, one of the biggest car manufacturers in the world, which I can't name, and like some other brands here and there as well. And like all of them have their own things. They're not just views. They want to like showcase this side of the business. They want to use it. I think some brands look at it as like almost a recruitment driver. Like come work with us cuz this is how cool it is to like, you know, make content here or like work at these companies. So every brand is different and that's like the biggest difference between creators is they're they're optimizing for so much more than just views. M do you ever have a brand that comes to you that you're working with and says, "Okay, we have a product launch video and I want to put it out on the channel." Brand, you can see me shutting my eyes with frustration. Brand YouTube channels are corporate video dumping grounds. Like they just treat it as like this is, oh, I have this place where I can put videos there for it's almost treated like a Vimeo. Like it's like let's just host videos there. We can put on the website and stuff. So, you know, you can look at like any big company and even companies that you might think would be better at this, but like I was even looking at like a huge like uh cyber security company recently that's got like a $50 billion valuation or something. Go on to their channel and it's like all just like letter from the CEO or like launch video or like what we're doing to connect with and it's just a yeah corporate video like don't be ground. You're trying basically to not be seen at that point like with titles like that, thumbnails like that. strategy the YouTube strate like yeah you keep doing that keep making corporate videos just don't even think about title thumb I'll just put like video one like which actually might perform better honestly just like video it's mysterious screen with video one would do better the way it is true though so many brands do that where you'll even go to their Instagram or their Tik Tok and it's really well programmed it's well funded they've thought it out and then you go to their YouTube channel and it's like it's like tumble weeds it's just like weird remnants of of corporate videos you know it is in my opinion I think a lot this is just my opinion is because for some reason YouTube hasn't had as much commercialization in the B2B space like with like people providing YouTube level service to brands that like they will end up working with these big agencies like the big traditional like social media agencies marketing agencies and they've got a pretty good dial on like Instagram, Facebook, you know, maybe not Tik Tok but they've got a bit of a dial on it so they can make content and it's it's relatively easy to make like decent Instagram content, decent Tik Tok content. YouTube, I think they still pay those same companies to do their YouTube. And I don't think those brands, agencies really have YouTube expertise in house. Some of them do, I'm sure, but the majority don't. You like firmly cannot consider YouTube in the same conversation as Instagram and Tik Tok. Like I I I can't underscore that enough. I think like to do YouTube right is the first step honestly that I would do is have a like a YouTube strategist but like a like a writer who's like writing a format that makes sense for both your brand and the channel. Like I think about Shopify a lot. Shopify is like a very present brand in the YouTube ecosystem, but they still do a lot of like corporate uploads to Shopify or you know they do tutorials and stuff like that. But I was watching this um this video like there there's a lot of videos that are like starting a million- dollar business in 24 hours, right? Like that that could be a format that Shopify produces on their channel, right? And like that could be a show that's just repeating. I I mean like you a ton of people would watch that. There's a creator I think called Starter Story. Have you ever seen that creator? Yeah, I've seen that. Yeah. And he does like how this guy like started a business in his his living room. How this guy makes three million a year from faceless YouTube channels, right? These different things. I think you're so right. Shopify could be making everyone those videos. They have like the database of all these interesting people. They create like a existing they all they need is really like a format, a title and a thumbnail and they could be printing views for their same thing with car companies. It's amazing. I know you're working with one, but it's amazing to me when I look at the YouTube channel for a major car company and it's corporate uploads and releases of certain cars and things, tutorials, because there is such an unbelievable ecosystem of car videos on YouTube that don't rely on like a big name being in the car. Like the car and the journey the car goes on is the star of the title thumbnail. And it's so easy I feel like for car companies that something crazy. So, a car is like the second biggest purchase decision you make in your life, right? After a house, usually for most people, I'd say the average car price in America is 25 to 40K probably. Um, when people are buying a car, there's research that shows that the platform that they go to for for research of what to buy is YouTube. Yeah. More than anything else, more than ads, more than like magazines, more than newspapers. So, like people are going to YouTube videos to make this purchase decision, which is like 30 grand. Yeah. For a YouTube video. Like we're not just selling fidget spinners, we're sell like we're selling cars for $30,000, which is why Doug Demorro has the business that he does. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So it's crazy that like the interesting thing is earlier we talked about competitive advantages. Well, what's a competitive advantage for like these big brands is like when they're releasing a new product, they have access to it before anyone else. So why aren't they doing the first video revealing it? as like an influencer or a creator and I don't want to take these these views away from creators too cuz I think it can benefit the whole space of brands do this but like the brand themselves should be first but if you also like so if we just take a step back on this concept of like brands becoming producers of content Apple is a great example right like when I first bought my you know my first ever Mac computer or iPod did I think that Apple was going to make something like Severance no right like Severance is one of the greatest TV shows and it's funded by a company that is not necessarily an entertainment company. They're an entertainment company that's funded by a different product. Amazon Prime Video is another great example, right? We we're already seeing it where producers of content are rooted in a different type of business. And I think that's going to play out on YouTube pretty significantly where it's like, hey, we have the funds. Um, we could probably engage our audience better if we make a show. But I think the misguided understanding of YouTube is that it's a it's it's a like like your YouTube channel is a place to upload videos. But if you think about your YouTube channel as a show, it feels really different. And that's where like that third rule that we talk about of do you want more stuff like this? It's like if something hits, think about like respect the audience to go their expectation is that this is a show. Like Amelia Demoldenberg's channel is Chicken Shop Date, right? The kind of like network model of a channel or like a channel being like a ton of different things I don't think really works as well as it used to. There was a time in YouTube where that did work where BuzzFeed could upload 10 different shows and they'd all kind of hit, but I don't think that works anymore. Like when BuzzFeed was hitting with that show, Worth It, right? that was a format. It's like or the Try Guys, all those shows had to spin off to their own channels because they couldn't live in this environment anymore. And I think brands should look at that and go, "Wait, we can't upload like a ton of different things. We're actually just looking to make one show, a hit show." Mhm. Yeah. And a show that will compete with other shows in the genre. Yes. Not just like a hit show for hit show's sake. A show that will be directly pegged and placed next to all of your competitors. Now, I think this is a really interesting time because I think that independent creators will likely like there's there's enough amazing creators who understand YouTube and the internet now, but I think of that subset there's a lot of them that don't want to do the advertising business. Meaning that the the independent advertising business of selling brand sponsorships uh themselves, right? Managing their own. But if they got hired as like a show creator for a brand that they're interested in, things change, right? Like if you're a cooking creator and all of a sudden, you know, Lake Crus comes to you and is like, you know what, we love what you're doing. Can we just kind of like acquire you into this and you're our like make this cooking show, but make it through the through the context of Lake Crus. That's really interesting. And especially creators that are maybe like they've hit a point with their channel where they want the new challenge. Maybe they're a bit burnt out and they're doing a lot themselves. a big brand is like, "Hey, like come develop this show internally with us and like we'll give you everything. We'll make sure like you, you know, don't have to do all the editing, all that kind of stuff." I could see that. And if you think about uh a brand like Target, so Target has a YouTube channel, right? And we talked about this a bit before recording. I want to look at it. Is it good? It's not good. No, it's not good. And Target's a massive brand. And you think about this context of Target. It's like, how does Target not have Supermarket Sweep as a show? Yeah. How did they not do the thumbnails right there? The like, you know, whatever you can put in the cart, you know, you take is is such a clean format. It's very easy. Let alone they have so many creators now who have products in Target integrated into the episodes. Have you seen there's a channel called um The Deal Guy? No. Have you seen that channel? They just do I think it's Costco. He just does like a monthly roundup of like Costco and it's like what's a great deal in Costco this month and whatnot. That's so good. Like why doesn't why does a shopping brand do that? I'm going to tell you guys the most recent upload to the Target YouTube channel. Great. It is titled The title's too long so it doesn't fit. So let me open the video. It's titled Target Accelerators Presents semicolon retail fundamentals dash introduction to mass retail. 634 views in 9 days. And the thumbnail looks like a Zoom call. Look at that. Whoa. Like that is just such This is why I said I didn't want to see it. That is crazy. This is such a massive missed opportunity for the amount of access that Target has and how how common place a Target is to everyone in the US and so already accepted and comfortable. It's an amazing set for a show, dude. I mean, and that video, whatever this video is about, Target Accelerators presents retail fundamentals. I'll tell you what, like it doesn't need to live here. But you know what's interesting? Put it on Vimeo. It can live somewhere else cuz clearly who's watching that cuz no one's waiting for it. Are they just making videos for their own like senior employees to look at? There's a question of like brand risk with these brands and and to me this is riskier than what we're talking about. Like what was Jimmy's format? It was like anything you can put in the cart I'll pay for, right? Something like that. If Target repeated that format with celebrities, with also with just regular people, it it's fascinating, right? You showed up and it's like, "Here's a Target cart. Anything you can fit in the cart in the next 30 seconds, you keep people choose interesting things. Like I would I would watch that all the time. You get short form content out of that. Like I I I think if you think about your channel as a TV show, all of a sudden it can change the framework in in people's minds cuz you'd be like, "Yeah, we why would we upload that Zoom call to a TV show? That's crazy." That that what you just said there. I think that's going to resonate a lot with brands like that. Just like change it to would you do this if it was like a TV show? I would love to sit with with with brands in this context because I think brands have recognition, they have funding and they a lot of them have like sets like we're talking about Target like they have a set for this show and they have production teams and the people in those production teams I would imagine a lot of them are pushing with what we're saying right now like they're probably like guys and like you said the brand risk like the you know the brand sort of like excuse might be like oh it's like risky we don't want to try like it could go wrong which I understand but Like we just started this podcast talking about how YouTube is Hollywood, it's streaming, it's podcast, it is the platform. And in three or four years, I feel like consumers are going to like kind of look at brands and be like, "What are they doing on YouTube?" And if you look at Target and I can't even remember the title. It is so long, but like accelerator core fundamental whatever. Like if you look at that, it's embarrassing in my opinion to like represent like such a big impressive brand with like that content. But I wonder if it'll just naturally again play out with like brands just picking up creators. Yeah, it could happen. It could be really I mean if you search Target Hall, there are so many videos of like self-care hall at Target in the last year that have 2.8 million views. Right. Upwards of 3 to four to 5 million views. How does it happen that there's not somebody who does a quick audit of like let's search or or like in your experience is that what we're seeing there? That's just a dep prioritization of YouTube and Target being like maybe hey there's like you're saying there's Target halls all over YouTube. We're already essentially present on YouTube. Why would we have to have our own show? I think it's I think it's just maybe not even understanding like the discoverability of YouTube. Like because if they did that Target Hall show, they brought in like some celebrities to do it. Like I don't think it's outrageous to say they could be reaching 10 million viewers an episode. But the danger is that they might overproduce it. That's the question I want to ask both of you actually is how do you keep it authentic? Because sometimes if you even even if you bring a creator who's great onto a brand channel, you can tell there's so many bigger forces at play that it doesn't feel authentic. And that's also a huge risk I think if you're going to have a brand YouTube channel. Yeah, true. They need to have that creator in the room. They need to have people like us in the room. They need to have people that can direct and have actual ownership of that because in my experience and I think I'm very lucky cuz I work with, you know, the like Red Bull team and their YouTube team is phenomenal. Yeah. So, even before I came in, like they were already doing pretty decent content and like we've skyrocketed it with them, but like a lot of that's down to them and how talented their individuals are and even higher level in the company like they're higher executives are really open to content. They understand how important content is. Um, then we work with you know like the Eagles and like my connects with the Eagles like the person I directly report to at the Eagles like he just sees he watches YouTube. He sees how valuable YouTube is. But I think the problem is that like to your point like maybe you could bring in a creator to make this show format but like if all these maybe senior marketing people who are like really good at their traditional marketing roles obviously but if they start to like pull it around and say like no that doesn't look polished enough or we need to do this this this it ends up looking to uh corporate and a really a bit of a tangent but like an example of this is like you know the Ronaldo channel. Yeah. when it launched like I was like oh awesome Ronaldo is doing a channel like most famous athlete in history like this is going to be huge and it's obviously done really well but I watched that content we broke all the rules we talked about I was like this is like a great way of putting it is like this is what people think that have never watched YouTube before think YouTube is you know it's like if you've never actually sat down and consumed content you would say oh like they want like these funny like weird edits and like laughing soundtracks and like it's just like it's almost a parody of what YouTube content is. Yeah, it's like an SNL skit of YouTube. And then there's also like bizarre things like the iPhone videos of him playing tennis with his kids and it's like a 12second clip that like repeats and does like different trans star transition and all this stuff and it has like 60 million views. Yeah. It's like if he's doing that with that like imagine. But that he's he's like a that's a unicorn. Yeah. You know that's a unicorn. It's like I I think actually celebrity channels are at heavy risk of overproduction. heavy risk like the excitement is actually the intimacy and I think you mentioned access is like you know Chris Hemsworth or something going to like a sick gym is like I've seen it a million times I don't it doesn't unless Chris Hemsworth says something exclusive or there's something uh exceptionally interesting it it doesn't I've seen it too many times at this point. Yeah. So to to explore the um the three questions we try and ask anyone who asks us YouTube advice or even honestly product advice, the first three questions are who is this for? Why would they watch? And is it unique to you? And I think uh those are just three really simple questions to always ask. And the uh the the the second one I think gets overlooked quite a bit of like why would they watch this? Right? And I think the assumption is because it looks pretty. And I think with celebrity YouTube channel specifically, the assumption is they'll watch because I'm a celebrity. I'm a celebrity. Yeah. But it's not concepted or titled and thumbnails correctly to actually reach people. So that's like interesting. I think a lot of celebrities do like almost like vlogs. They're just like 24 hours with me in Miami or something. It's like, okay, I guess your big core fan base would like this, but if you're really viewing content as a way to actually broaden your empire and improve your distribution, like I like the idea of like concept vlogs. So, not just a vlog, but like there's a concept behind what you're doing. So, it's like instead of just like um 24 hours me, it's like day in the life of like an NFL player or something. It's like okay, that's a concept now. Which is something you basically did with the Eagles, right? Yeah, the Eagles did a video um a year and a bit ago that we helped them package that was seven days, an NFL player's life for seven days with Lane Johnson, who's one of their star players. And I feel like if you just titled that like maybe more specific to the player or more specific to the Eagles, it would have performed a lot less than it did. Is Lane Johnson's name in the title? I don't believe it is. I don't think it's at least not to start. I think it's I think it's NFL player to give it that broader appeal. So, it's not just the Lane Johnson fan. probably hard for people to wrap their heads around, especially like if you're at the Eagles, you're like, "It's Lane Johnson." Yeah, he's the guy. Why are you calling him NFL player? Yeah, I do that a lot with the Eagles. I'm like, unless it's like Saquon or Jaylen, like NFL player. Yeah. You know, which maybe some people would look at as like these are huge names, but it's like to that broad audience. Same with like a Red Bull. Like there's a Max Fappen, um there's a Neymar who these are Red Bull athletes. There's all these other athletes that are all really really important and like are incredible in their fields, but like do they have like audience recognition? Do people I sort of think of it as like zeitgeist names? Like people see Maxwell Stap and they're like, "Okay, I know that guy drives cars fast, so if I see a video of him driving against the drone, makes sense, right?" But a lot of people like overestimate how important think people are or like how um interested people are in people's names. I see this all the time even with like business channels. a channel like a podcast channel that did this would be like diary of a CEO. So instead of he could pick this person who's like a huge like well-known figure but he'll call them like the money expert or like we've done this health expert as someone who has a similar type of show. It is weird to look at a guest and be like hm do we use their name or do we use a description of who they are? Yeah, you know, specifically with Jacob Collier, who's this Grammyinning musician, like multi times winning musician. We had him on the show and we titled it we interviewed the Mozart of Gen Z and his name's in the thumbnail, but that descriptor I think is why that episode found as much scale as it did. It's a great episode, but I think it's one of our my favorite episodes, but had we titled it around just Jacob Collier, I'm not sure we would have gone outside of his audience. I mean, I think we're going to have a bit of a case with this episode, right? Like I think if you title this episode with my name leading, it could work well for your core audience. There's podcasts with my name leading that have maybe 100,000 views, maybe 200,000 views, but if you're going after a bigger view count, you're probably have to call me something else. You're going to describe me something different. And I won't take any offense. Yeah. And but that's the interesting part. I think what you mentioned is like again, we're building a brand and there's sensitivities at play. And so I imagine also with the Eagles like it might be really sensitive to not use Lane Johnson's name because he might be like whoa what why put my name in the title like what are you talking about right and I think you understand it so we can actually have a very honest upfront conversation about like title and packaging for this video. I think the takeaway is like whether you're a brand or you're a creator and you're trying to get better at this, like writing titles as a daily exercise is probably the most important thing you could do. Like it is just the whole thing. thinking of titles, writing them, taking a title that you see on YouTube and reshaping it a hundred times, you know, or just like and now there's so many great tools to help you do that, too. But just like getting a high volume of titles through your brain is so important because then you can pull from formats that you have, right? I just want to tell creators like write 30 titles for your video. They're like, Patty, that's overwhelming. It's too much. I'm like, is everyone just experiencing things different to me? Because 30 titles like we can write 30 titles and like we could do that together in like 10 minutes not even like it doesn't mean I think people always think that when we say like come up with a huge volume of titles or thumbnail concepts that they all have to be like great no like it's about like putting things together trying different words seeing what looks interesting studying other people like what are they doing trying to adapt that so for a lot of the clients we work with like we're sitting down and me and my team will write yeah 30 40 titles for a video and like that doesn't take that long and and five of them are slight alterations of a previous one, right? It's just like one word difference or something. So, it's not it's not like you're coming up with 30 brand new ideas in a row. You're writing one and then altering that and then altering it and altering it and altering it. And like you said, actually, if 29 of them are awful, that's actually totally fine because you'll also start to learn what a bad idea looks like, right? And like that that's also important. Um, so exactly. Well, one thing I'd say on brands as well is I've noticed about brands is like I think this is just from in my experience. I'd be curious like with your work with brands as well if you've noticed this, but quite often the brands are almost like how do we let creators know that like we're open to collaborate or we're open to do things. I've heard that before. It's like how do we like cuz I think sometimes creators just assume because some brands are so protective like you maybe go to like some sports franchises and they're like no we're not going to give you access to this. No, whatever. But like I know with the Eagles like if you're a large creator and you have like a cool idea that involves like an NFL team like and they can give you some access or something they're really open to being pitched on that sort of stuff. And the same for Red Bull like if you're a creator that has like an already pretty decent audience and you have like a cool idea with something with Red Bull like they're pretty open. So the brands that are already doing YouTube as well well already almost like want to be like guys like tell us like ideas you want to make with us like we want to almost be part of this conversation and this ecospace. I think you need social proof first. So I think the Eagles have to do something with a creator. They have to go outbound first. Yeah. Right. So they actually have to pitch a creator an idea. Do that and then use that as the the top of funnel cuz like as creators, as anyone in business, like social proof is so important. You got to be like, well, has anyone done it before? Right? What do you mean? I also think for brands though, it can be overwhelming because there are so many creators. like curation is what they need the most sometimes if they're going to work with a creator. Someone to be able to say, "Hey, this is actually a vetted uh creator. They've been in market for a while. They have an audience fit uh like they've worked with these brands in the past. This will be a great fit for you." It's something that I I would say a lot of brands come to us with and that we do with a lot of brands is creator discovery. Just like, hey, just who who should I even consider? Right? I think that's a really important process of like what does that look and feel like? But back to what we were talking about when it comes to repeatable formats. Target has that supermarket sweep format, the ask is way clearer. The ask of like pitch us anything feels overwhelming, right? You're putting a lot of onus on me as the creator to pitch you the eagle something. But if the Eagles were like, hey, we do this format where you come, you answer five questions. Will you come do it? And it creates aspiration, too. Like, oh, now I want to be on the Eagle show or I want to be on Target's show. Yeah. And I think like Kanye Nast actually if we take a step further back Kanye Nast has created some of the most easy to repeat formats on YouTube 10 things you can't live without right or architectural digest or uh the the 70 was it 73 question 72 or 73 73 73 sounds could be 71 weirder. No no I think it's Guys we look this up right now. No no let's let everyone put let's not look it up 73. Everyone saying 72. Yeah, but that that all uh you know stems from uh God, I'm not remembering his name. This one guy at Kai Nast who like really came up with a lot of these uh these awesome formats. Uh and I think when you have that format, yeah, like Colin said, it creates aspiration, right? Like I like 10 things I can't live without the GQ thing. Like if we ended up on that, I'd be like I'd be like, "Oh my god, we kind of made it." Or like the wired autocomplete. The wired autocomplete, right? And so you like just look at what Kai Nas did and and think about that in the context of your brand. Can you make one of those formats? Because now you can invite creators to come collaborate. And I think that's way easier than going here like we're the Eagles. Do something with us. Yeah. Right. Yeah. And then if you do have like a product launch or a campaign initiative, you can kind of just integrate it into your show that already does well. Mhm. Right. It's so powerful. Yeah. Yeah. And you have full control over it. Yeah. Yeah. So, I I think uh I think we will see this, but it's going to require a lot of handholding because it's terrifying. It's terrifying for a brand to like Yeah. make a show, right? But I do think it is like that. It is absolutely the future. I I want to talk about we talked a lot about packaging. I'm curious how much you spend on the first 30 seconds of videos with your clients. Quite a lot. Yeah. Um, so the the interesting thing about, you know, we talked about earlier with the multiplier. I think the biggest levers to like multiply growth are that title, the thumbnail, the idea. Like it's rarely that a a better intro leads to 270 times more views. But with that said, even with a video, I kind of break it down to like what are the the areas that are worth heavy time allocation. Um, and like if you take a 10-minute video, if you say 10-minute videos, well, how long do you spend on each minute? I think conventionally you would say you're probably gonna spend like 10% of time on each minute in a 10-minute video, but for our clients and for how we think about things, like the allocation for that first minute might actually be 20 or 30%. It just might be a bit more allocation to really just like spend time on getting that right and frontloading the video with the best value. One actually thing I really uh experienced and learned from our good friend Jimmy uh Mr. beast was like when I was uh working with Jimmy four or five years ago, um it was so interesting that how like when myself and the lead editor would bring the edit to Jimmy, if the first 30 seconds was great, like he would like find all the rest of the content great as well. Not always, but he'd be much more happy with like how the video feels. But if something was wrong there, it was like, "No, this is like the whole thing's off. Everything everything's off. Everything's wrong." And at the time, I was like, I wonder why he thinks that. And then the more I've like learned and experienced myself, it's like, well, Jimmy's coded his brain to like be a viewer. And if you start your video on the wrong foot, the viewer already has this like you've almost like anchored the video in bad. So the view the viewer is like, oh, this is already underwhelming or this is already like not interesting. So they they give you less leeway as you go longer in the video. So I really like to think about, you know, intros like I always say like my intro formula is like immediately try to deliver on the promise in in some sense. So, like if you make a promise in your title thumbnail, in your intro, can you deliver on that visually or verbally? Some way to just make like a nice frame I like to think about is like just make your viewer feel like they made the right decision. Don't make them feel like an idiot. Said the same thing. Yeah. Yeah. Make them feel like they made the right decision. Um, and then it's like, you know, the necessary context, not over context. So, some creators put too much context in that intro. So, what's the necessary context? What are the intriguing like parts of the story or parts of the the video that you can kind of tease or highlight in that intro? And then how do we just kind of flow into the the first story line or the first action point without like this big gap? Like I like being able to look at an intro and say I don't really know where that intro starts and ends. It just flows into the content. Other people have different ways of doing intro. Yeah, that's interesting. We we have a bit of a different uh framework for that. Basically how we think about it is like the first thing is confirm the click. So you you click in, you have to go, okay, that is the thumbnail that I clicked on. Uh the first seven seconds is establishing the video and kind of laying the context and the foundation for it. And by 30 seconds, we want to introduce a new hook. So we want to introduce something that you didn't expect from the thumbnail that is going to make you stay until the end and deliver an expectation of value. If you stay towards the end, you will get these loops closed, right? I like that. So I I think that's something that that's uh yeah that we try and do and explore. Yeah. these different like formats for intros. Like a format I think is really successful as well and works really well is like multiple questions and then a promise of an answer. So it could be like you could make let's just think of an example like you're saying so a megalodon which is like a giant prehistoric shark. So you might say like the megalodon was like the fiercest predator in the oceans. It it was like five times the size of great white shark. It killed everything it saw on site and yet somehow it went extinct. How how could this shark go extinct? How could this thing happen? And then you you sort of the viewer like, yeah, how could that happen? And then you're like, is there a mysterious reason behind the disappearance of the megalodon? And then suddenly you're like, okay, that's intriguing. And then it's like in this video, we're going to dive into that. Reminds me so much of watching your old videos, like the way that you talk, the way that you post questions. That's my former Which begs the question for me, why don't you ever just make a channel that's faceless about something like that that has like this massive audience just to see like Well, the answer is I have. Okay. I've had a lot of Faceless channels over the years. It's kind of like people think of me as just my Patty Galloway channel, but I've had quite a few other successful channels over the years that have been faceless behind the scenes that I don't always reveal. Some of them being in kind of music genre that some people watching might have heard me talk about here before, but like the reason I love to work with creators is because I am not that talented at being in front of camera. I just don't maybe you disagree but I don't think I'm that talented being in front of a camera. So I kind of realized already in my career hey like I'm good at these things but a Minecraft creator is making videos that could get 20 30 million views if they're right. So if I equip my knowledge and expertise with someone who has like the talent and the ability and maybe the competitive advantage I don't have competitive advantage as a Minecraft player like I'm not good at Minecraft but someone who's like really good at building the world's best Minecraft builder or the world's best Minecraft PVP player they might have this really big competitive advantage. So, I look at it as like I rather equip my um skill set with like a bigger vehicle that can go further than my own vehicle. But I will say like I think a natural evolution as I build out my company and team is I think we're going to invest a bit more into original content and like even with the creators work with now I'm like thinking how can we like have more ownership in in the content so it's not just like consultants but it's partners growth partners with channels. Oh that's cool. Cool. I like that. Do you consult on short form too? What's your what's your position on because there's kind of this world right now where YouTube is watched on TVs. There's content that's living in the like 22 30. Like if you look at Ryan Tran's channel right now, like he's living in the like 30 plus range a lot. Jimmy's living in the 30 plus range a lot, right? Like we're we're starting to see YouTube videos push 30 40 minutes or Michelle K putting out a an hour long piece of content and then the other side of YouTube is like super short form. Yeah. Weirdly, Red Bull is actually living in the middle. Yeah, we we crush it with short form there. But I I would say like classically like I'm a long form guy. Like that's always been what I've made. That's like like I was a full-time YouTuber between the ages of like 14 to like 22 23 and kind of to present at different points. Like that was how I made my living and it was always through long form. So like that's what I feel like I'm best at. And I actually think other people who have come up over the last like three years might be better than me at doing short form. Um, so what we do is like if brands want to do short form, like we'll advise, we actually do ideation for some short form. We give some brands like ideas cuz they're actually really fun. There's a lot of ideas that we brainstorm. We almost have like elimination criteria. And some of those ideas, like one, the elimination criteria is like, is this a short form idea? Cuz maybe it's a great idea, but does it live in like a a 10 minute, 20 minute video? Maybe not, but maybe it lives really well in like a 20 30 second short. So, we do a little bit of that with clients. We don't lead with that. Um, I think shorts is like amazing. I know a lot of people are kind of anti-shorts or think it's bad, but I think it's really cool. And, you know, there is also a funny thing with like uh shorts inflation of like view counts and numbers though where like you know, even earlier in this episode like we quoted that like 10 billion views a year, like if I wanted to make it 100 billion views a year, I'd just try to like sign every massive short, right? Right. So, it is like a bit of a back though to the like brand and impact and how it's tougher to measure, but making sure you're not just getting views for views sake. Yeah. Right. That there's some actual engagement here. People are remembering your brand. Yeah. Exactly. Yeah. And I think there's also the question now of like all these other factors as we like continue to go into YouTube. Like there's the there's the creators who are most likely viewaxing, right? With looking at Patty and being like, "How do I Vmax?" And that as we get into this more nuanced world of brands and celebrities, like one person I think about and that we talked about before is Timothy Shalamé. Like Shalamé, how he shows up on YouTube is really interesting to me cuz uh he's like a movie star. And a movie star, if you think about there there was a time early on when Colin and I were working in sports where we worked with Jeremy Lynn on his YouTube channel. Do you know who Jeremy Lynn is? He's he's a basketball player who was probably the first NBA player to feel like s like very human. M he's very relatable. He was uh but during his run as like Lin Sum at first because he had just like an unbelievable run in Madison Square Garden uh and was not like a starting player but he just like performed to an unbelievable degree for a number of games but then after that launched a YouTube channel. Yeah. Uh with sketches and just very authentic raw raw YouTube. Yeah. Like truly the first athlete I've ever seen to just go I'm a YouTuber. And as we were working on that channel and being with him behind the scenes and like exploring what he was doing, I was like, "This is so interesting cuz with athletes specifically, there's this difference of humanizing an athlete and then also making an athlete essentially untouchable, right? So like you go Michael Jordan in his heyday, that was like superhero, right? So you actually don't want a lot of Michael Jordan. You if you look back at it, like I wouldn't advise someone like Michael Jordan to have a YouTube channel. like don't be accessible, be inaccessible and be a superstar. Then you have Jeremy Lynn, like the the humanization. So all this comes back to the the premise of a movie star like Timothy Shalomé who actually I don't know if people know this has early origins on YouTube. Did Xbox controller modifications on YouTube. Uh and now his modern-day press circuit was on YouTube and that is the modern day press circuit. But I'm curious just to think about like can someone like that come onto YouTube upload less but still have a premium brand should be a YouTube channel. So, I think that's interesting because like movie stars like their life is very like I've never been a movie star, but I would assume it's like work like all day on a project for months and then like a bit of a break between projects, you know? So, I even heard like Timothy talk about that like how on like the set of um the Bob Dylan movie, he was just like every day, every hour just on it on on it. So, like in that mode having a camera following around or trying to shoot content, I could see that being challenging and that work. Totally. But in those times in between, especially when we consider like I think he's like he's a YouTube kid. Like I think he's the same age as me. Like very close in age to me. He probably grew up with YouTube. Like when YouTube was released, I was like 10 or nine. And he probably grew up like you know the Xbox controller stuff like the Call of Duty trickshotting. So he probably has a deep passion for YouTube. I think what we would do if three were advising Timothy Shalom is say like okay like what's really unique and interesting about your life that you can show? Probably a lot. Like is it like a behind the scenes at the Oscars? Is it like a you know a recap that we talk about vlogs like failing a little bit sometimes? But a concept vlog about like getting access like night at the Oscars could be interesting. Also like something I see and it goes back to that NFL player thing is with a lot of these big people. The interest is people wanting to know what it's like to be that person. So like the reason people like NFL player day in the lives is not always about the NFL player. It's about like what does like an NFL player live like? Especially people that see that aspirations like I'd love to be an NFL player. Like how do they live? Like what's this like? So I think about that for Timothy like what are like the day in the life of like on the set of Dune 3 or something. We we always used to ask athletes like what would you talk about if you weren't being paid and if you couldn't talk about your sport? Like is there anything that you would want to talk about? You'd be passionate enough to talk about even if you didn't get paid for the rest of your life and start there. Like if it is your sport, fine. You can retire and you can still make videos about your sport forever. But is there something that you'd be interested in that's not? And I think with Timothy Shalamé, like I would want to ask him too like instead of covering your life and giving access all the time which will make you accessible and you might burn out from that and you might burn out from that. Is there anything you are passionate about that you're a community member of that you would want to contribute to that community? That's a really good idea. That's a good idea if we if you took down a celebrity and and asked those things, but then like stop that one cuz I think that would be another issue is like like people are so multifaceted that he's like, "Oh, like this, this, and this." And then before you know it, it's like it would have to be one too much. And I think because the people on the other side would be like, "Yeah, whatever you want. Cool. Let's do all that." I think with Shalomé, if he was if he wanted to do this, I would I would be very curious about his uh fashion choices. Like I would be very very curious to to watch how he thinks about that. Or if if that's not something that he thinks about and stylist does it, that's fine. But I think even what he wore to the Oscars was like unique and interesting and he is like expressing himself in it in a really interesting way. Or like as a Knicks fan, do you want to do Nick Knicks commentary? Oh, that'd be super interesting, right? Like how interesting would it be that like you kind of would have to watch not because you're a Timothy Shalom fan, but because you're a Knicks fan and that would make him like such a multia he already is multiaceted but like I think it it makes you that multiaceted person. Yeah. But I also think you have to play the world of like accessibility, right? Of like does it make sense to be accessible which maybe doesn't work but you go to another movie star who maybe wants to be accessible and you go all right yeah maybe there is something here. And I I think it makes it it's interesting how it ties into like the seasons of a career because I think like movie stars like I guess they kind of maybe they have like some movie stars are just timeless like a Dairo, Aluccino, you know, but like some movie stars like they have like maybe a peak where they're like making all the big films and then after that they want to like take it a bit slower. And with athletes there's like that cut off point as well. Like if you're an NFL player and you're 35, you know, you're like, "Okay, realistically after this, I can either go into coaching, punditry, or I guess just live off my savings, you know, and do whatever." But maybe another avenue of that is content creator. Like I already have a base. People already like me for a reason. Can I just like, you know, I saw like Travis or not Travis, Jason Kelsey did a video where he's like talking about his like custom car or something. I saw a good video a channel be that's just like Jason Kelsey talking about his car. I think what what I what we tried to do with athletes at that time and what I try and do with everyone who who pitches me like a YouTube channel or format I always say think about this on a 52- week window. Can you make this every week for 52 weeks? Like cuz sometimes like we we also worked with Giannis u and you want to say his last name at Takumbo. Oh nice. I had to I had to be able to nail it. So Jiannis at Takumbo. some videos with him with Jesser and every time I'm like trying to read out like cuz that one of the videos with him did incredible. So every time I draw read out the tile and like and our video with Giannis with Giannis did really well. No, I'm actually really impressed with him now and I think the way he shows up in Jester's videos are fantastic. I think that format by the way of guess the NBA secret NBA players unbelievable format. Um but like his when his rookie year he was not that into doing the YouTube channel. He I think he wanted to do YouTube but he didn't have the time and space for it. So it was overproduced, too many too many people on set. I was looking around on the first day of shoot and I was like, if we want to do this every week for 52 weeks, this is going to be super expensive, unsustainable. It's like a massive production every week. And so you try and reduce it down. Again, you look at someone like Ryan Tran filming with his iPhone, you're like, how can we get this into like the simplest form? Is it like Jason Kelsey with this? Marquez's channel um Autofocus is perfect YouTube to me. It is perfect YouTube. That is like from a production lift perspective. He's holding his iPhone. He films with his car. Sometimes he barely cuts. It's like two cuts. He just rattles it off and that's it and it uploads. And he has like a a thumbnail format for it. Like that to me is is perfect YouTube. Yeah, I love that channel. Have you seen the new intro format they've been doing where they like start in a bush or something and like creep out in the bush? Yeah. Yeah. And yeah, like it's intimidating to an athlete to be like title, thumbnail, intro, scripting, blah blah blah, intriguing language, statement plus intrigue. Okay. Ask qu all this stuff to be like, hey, what's something you're passionate about? You know, can you film with an iPhone? Can you go like that? I think that makes a lot of sense. Okay, one more brand channel I want to pitch is like if a airline like a Delta or something or maybe like a more international one uh partnered with or had a creator like a Druinsky and essentially just traveled to the destinations and did even did like simple formats of like living if if they're a more budget airline, you know, visiting Singapore on a dollar or like you know what what can what can a dollar get you in Singapore, right? And they like use the airline to fly there. Or if it's a more luxury airline, you do the like, you know, $25,000 hotel room in Dubai, right, for Emirates. Like, I think you can you can build out the world like that. But I think airlines have really great opportunity to create YouTube shows. I you just made me think that I feel like a great way for a brand to realize if there's potential there is to just see like are creators already making content about this thing. So like if we think about staples of viral YouTube content like airline seats whether it's really budget ones or like like the Casey Neistat one from years ago like 60 million views like the Emirates one you think about car car brands like cars you know I think looking at what's working and just seeing like what if like yeah we can sponsor this we can like do whatever but like what if we own this I think is really interesting. I could totally see with airlines totally. Yeah. And then they play it on the plane. Um, well, dude, we got to make this an annual thing. I think I think we got to keep keep updated because I like there's so much to talk about and so much to explore. And also to to just note like where the industry and where YouTube is. It'd be really fun to make this annual and go like where are we in 2026? Did more brands join? Is the is the quote unquote meta different or is the are there new metas that have emerged? Uh, it's a really fun conversation. Yeah, the YouTube round table. I love it. I love it. All right. Thanks, Patty. Thanks. You got it. Pleasure.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ColinandSamir [39 likes]: Free spots for "50 in 5" filled up too quickly so we increased the limit →  https://www.colinandsamir.com/ideas
  2. @TheMidnightRainResidence [1 likes]: This interview is fantastic!
  3. @billwdwc: With all these companies making content on YT. It will become 1 big advert after advert. Time for a new platform. As nobody want to watch those Shiet adverts
  4. @davidkylechoe: the amount of sauce in this video is turly insane
  5. @PupilSwim: I love how Paddy gives credit to everyone. It’s a rare trait, especially in public podcasts where it might be beneficial to take ownership of all the wins. Respect.
  6. @staticlesss0: Why no one talks about Blue Ocean Strategy book.
  7. @spoonyandfriends: I learned a lot from this amazing video.
  8. @souldiving4197: think it would be far more interesting to see Paddy intent on trying to build a youtube channel from scartch in 2026 instead of suppsedly fixing other channels. because he only had one channel that go decent traction fora period of time.
  9. @smolcompute: "Let's make youtube garbage with clickbait and listicles".
  10. @enchiridionos: Let's gooooo!!! I love this! ❤
  11. @NolusWithUs: Little "i" missing lol 1:21:21
  12. @okiebyeee: MAKE YOUR THUMBNAILS A SNAPSHOT OF THE ACTUAL INTERVIEW. IF EVERYONE COPIES YOU THEN MAKE A THUMBNAIL OF SOMETHING THEY CAN'T COPY. EVERYONE'S THUMBNAILS ARE COPYING EVERYONE ELSE'S AND THEY ARE SO BORING. SHOW YOUR FACE AND MAKE IT AUTHENTIC VS OVEREDITED. XOXO.
  13. @themarkvoss: I think every Creator should Watch this Podcast.
  14. @MeetMikeMiller: 51:01, it maybe highly niche but it’s highly relevant for those of us listening building branded media companies.
  15. @PeacefulCosmosMusic: Small YouTube creators gather here ❤❤
  16. @oksanarachel: has anyone purchased the 50
in 5 for $25? is it worth it?
  17. @Steger13: You can ask jtp or other ai now to make the thumbnail and title. So easy now.
  18. @Steger13: Just started last week at 50 years old😅
  19. @Eljanani80: Great idea🍁🍂🍁🍂🍁🍂🍁🍂🍁🍂🍂
  20. @Talesfromtoday: But what does this have to do with the rules in 2025?

- How Peter McKinnon gained 1 million subscribers in under 1 year: Kind: captions Language: en hello guys what is going on and welcome to the first episode of YouTube master class on my channel in this series we take a look at successful youtubers and analyse what exactly they have done to get ahead of the game this episode is all about Peter McKinnon so without further ado let's get straight into the video so for the very small minority of you guys who haven't already seen his content all over the YouTube homepage Peter McKinnon is a toronto-based photographer and videographer with his video content obviously focusing around these two art forms but why should we be paying close attention to his YouTube success what do I think qualifies him as a digital entrepreneur well first off let's take a look at some of the numbers peter has only been uploaded on a regular basis for nine months in that time however he has achieved exponential growth at the time of recording this video Peter's channel stands at a whopping 1.1 million subscribers along with 40 million views six and a half million of which have come in the last 28 days in terms of revenue generation using a pretty conservative CPM of two US dollars Peter could easily be clearing 13,000 US dollars a month from ad revenue alone on top of that his videos are often sponsored by companies he sells his own preset packs and he has Amazon affiliate links in the description of all his videos so as you can see for yourself peter has built a very effective business model around his main passion in life it's pretty clear to me that while he definitely enjoys making videos he's also a very astute YouTube entrepreneur in a recent Q&A video he even cited being able to work for himself as one of the main reasons he started YouTube in the first place great experience okay so each of you has 20 seconds to answer this question what inspired you to start making YouTube videos yeah I started because it was a way and it means to start working for myself but the burning question is how did he do it first off I think it's important to outline the three steps required to grow an engaged YouTube audience before explaining later on the methods and strategy used by Peter himself to maximize the effectiveness of each of these steps step one is all about gaining that initial attention how are people finding you what methods are you using to drive traffic to your videos and Channel step 2 providing quality content are you providing these potential subscribers with content that would bring the benefit for example learning a new skill or simply entertainment value this step is what converts views into subscribers step 3 growing relationships with your audience how are you creating a personal connection with your audience how are you making sure in a sense that subscribers are buying into your channel and what you are all about as a youtuber you could get a million views on a random video and gain 20,000 subscribers as a result of it but you need to establish a relationship with these viewers to make sure they stay active and are interested in your new content so let's get straight into it and analyze how Peter put these steps into action starting off of course with step 1 gaining the initial attention peter has excelled at this stage of the process and from spending the last few days researching his channel there are a number of tactics that jump out as being responsible for this success the first tactic is related to his video type strategy I know that sounds like a name I just made up on the spot and that's because it is however don't let that distract you from the message I'm trying to put across when Peter first started his YouTube channel he upload a typical vlog format videos with titles such as super spicy food or I racked my shoulder while I'm not denying that these vlogs were very well made videos Peter didn't get the traction he was looking for he skipped step 1 and tried to build an audience relationship without firstly gaining that initial attention these videos received pretty poor views comparatively and Peters soft growth was steady but not as rapid as it soon would become this all changed when Peter changed up his video type strategy and started uploading what I call viral video attempts these videos are usually not in vlog format often instead preferring list format or tutorial format and usually have a higher ability factor aged camera hacks in 90 seconds and five tips to instantly up your photo game where his first two attempts at going viral both are very shareable in comparison to his earlier videos also if a random viewer starts watching the video they are much more likely to stay engaged as it is providing them with new skills instead of just watching a random guy they have no connection with go about his day lo and behold they both went viral the former is still to this day his most viewed video with 2.7 million views these videos obviously brought a lot of attention and new subscribers to his channel which in turn meant he could return to the vlogging format with much more people behind him another tactic that Peter deploys to help gain attention to his videos is his use of a static yet simple video thumbnails in the photography and videography YouTube niche presentation is obviously very important Peters thumbnails stand out in my opinion because they very rarely feature any text instead he opts for a high quality photo that alludes to the video content for example here on the left you can see one of his thumbnails and on the right you can see one that I've made for the same video I'm personally much more likely to click on the more simplistic version provided the title already tells me what the video content is all about what do you guys think the final attention-grabbing tactic that I've picked up from studying Peter is in relation to the actual video intro take a look at how he typically begins his videos what's up everybody Peter McKinnon here and today we're talking about how you can take photos like this and turn them into this by creating your own fantasy composite photos in Photoshop and oh does it look badass almost hit myself in the face on that so as you can see Peter introduces the video himself before even running his intro reel this lets the viewers know what to expect from the video straight from the get-go he wastes no time and engages the audience as soon as possible within 15 seconds he's introduced the video and shown what the before-and-after looks like I believe this to be of paramount importance when trying to increase your video retention rates so now that we've studied how peter draws attention to his youtube channel and videos let's quickly go over how he converts these viewers into fans by looking at step two of the process providing quality content this that kind of speaks for itself if you want people to subscribe and engage with your videos you need to be releasing high-quality videos that bring viewers benefit in terms of production value his videos are shot in 1080p HD as a minimum with many maxing out in 4k resolution smaller things that viewers might not pick up on such as video lighting and audio quality are always top-notch to in terms of the actual video content peter is providing benefit mainly by teaching new skills in an easy-to-understand format his tutorial videos are very detailed and viewers can follow along at their own pace even when he makes a more vlog orientated video there are tips sprinkled throughout providing all this free content psychologically makes users feel indebted to Peter and how do they repay him by subscribing to his channel and supporting his new content I realized this all sounds pretty obvious and it is but I often see you Uber's wonder why they aren't converting high views into actual subscribers as peter showcases you need to adopt the mentality that you were buying a viewers time with benefit value and entertainment value if the viewer doesn't feel the trade-off was fair and doesn't subscribe or engage with the video chances are you need to up your game and finally let's take a look at how peter has managed to successfully bridge the gap and create a connection with his audience it's step number three i say bridge the gap as i feel a lot of people in the tutorial niche on youtube provide great content in terms of teaching but they don't make the effort to create relationships with their audience I'm not saying you need to make this effort to be a success but if you ever want to go down the vlogging roof for example it is so important to have already built up that rapport so how has Peter built up these relationships with his audience by being personal it sounds easy and it is easy just watch this conversation he has with his audience before a Lightroom tutorial alright everybody welcome back to another peter mckinnon tutorials so great to see all your smiling faces which actually can't see any of them but I assume some of you are smiling and some of you probably aren't smiling and let's just continue with the tutorial happy Father's Day for starters to all the dads and fathers out there all the father's to be all the fathers come and gone and all of that you know father myself I respect the job the title the yeah happy Father's Day hope you guys have a great day of your family and maybe grab your kids and watch this tutorial and smash the like button and that'll be my Father's Day gift in the short 30 seconds before he gets into the actual tutorial he 1 greets his audience in a friendly and positive manner 2 adds in some light humor 3 pays tribute to all the fathers watching and 4 reveals that he is in fact a father himself this might all seem a bit irrelevant but his willingness to get personal with his own audience is what has helped him build up this personal connection people watch him to benefit from his content of course but they are also invested into Peter as a human being there are thousands of Photoshop Lightroom and premiere pro tutorials on YouTube but people watch Peter McKinnon because he is Peter McKinnon from a business point of view bridging this gap is so crucial Peters fans are more likely to purchase his products because they have that sense of trust they feel like they know him as a person just from watching his videos so in conclusion his understanding of all three of these steps is what has helped Peter propel himself into the YouTube spotlight in under a year of making videos he excels at getting that initial attention but is equally as savvy when it comes to converting these viewers into high-value subscribers through the quality standard of his videos and his likable personality I hope you enjoyed this video and hopefully you picked up a few tips which you can apply to your own YouTube channel and strategy please subscribe and leave what youtuber you want to see next in this video series down below thanks very much for watching

  Top Comments:
  1. @paddygalloway8780 [98 likes]: Thanks so much for the love on this over the last 2 years! So many people have asked about how I make my videos, I actually created a skillshare class going through the whole process, you can access it for free here: https://www.skillshare.com/r/profile/Paddy-Galloway/628248968
  2. @ZEKEtrickSHOTS [2 likes]: I feel like I’m majoring in YouTube nowadays
  3. @athletevschallenge [2 likes]: My takeaways: 1, be very clear and tell viewers right away what they can expect from watching the video. 2, relate to your audience personally by being relevant and sharing something private. 3, deliver on the promise you made in the intro to build trust.
  4. @okiebyeee: This was fun to watch. Your voice is beautiful.
  5. @Lucasanswers: wow, these white board videos are boring.
  6. @chillwithkea: Thanks as always!
  7. @CrisTokyo: 6:18 I think the real genius of this intro lies in the probability of viewers looking at this scene A SECOND TIME to figure out if he really almost hit himself, which is certainly beneficial for the view duration and with the same scene establishing some kind of relationship to the viewer.
  8. @leoferrerfilms: Paddy loves licking bananas, so much so he does it professionally
  9. @TwattyWankers: 09/07/23
  10. @razabadass: Thank you Paddy for the video on Peter there! Raza :)
  11. @BrandonDoyleMN: Great insights!
  12. @gobeyondbangkok: The best video content  on this days is what u do. Show other people success and give them hope.
  13. @fatweevlogs: Peter n Matti are the ones who made me interested in vlogging, and casey is the one giving me energy when I was ready to quit.
  14. @NCartVlogs: thanks for the tips sir
  15. @HarshitxPatel: 4years & still looks so new!
  16. @vikingnusantara: God bless you for making this video
  17. @shresthasudip: hi
  18. @deadringer-cultofdeathratt8813: I’m not surprised that Peter was the first masterclass
  19. @SHADOWBANNED1984: He's white thats it! Thats all it is he white he youthful  looks like someone the 260 other white people  know in the neighborhood. White support white the end. If whites were 13% of the population  he wouldn't matter. Say that.
  20. @daniel_parrado: thanks to these videos, im gonna blow up soon :)

- Meet the Man Who Solved YouTube (Paddy Galloway Interview): Kind: captions Language: en I can make any Niche viral literally any Niche viral that's Patty Galloway the most prolific YouTube strategist in the world and he is here today to address the most common problem hurting smaller channels oh I can't do this because my Niche isn't like that or my Niche is limited because I think so often creators use that as an excuse over the past decade Patty has worked with thousands of channels and generated over 10 billion views and in this video he's going to walk you through the strategy he used to do it including pre-production I was like to say there's three main sources of ideas internal ideas external ideas and then packaging at 20% better title could mean double triple quadruple it could mean a 100 times more views and some hot takes there is no meta thank you to one of 10 for sponsoring this video some of the most common comments we get from people especially when we have videos about how to find more success on YouTube is people will say things like that great but that won't work for my Niche or yeah but I'm operating in this really small audience or that would never work for me so my first question to you is are there niches that are just destined to fail like are there niches that are just too small to make work on YouTube this is honestly one of my biggest uh pet peeves as a strategist as someone that works with so many different channels is people just associate me with you know the biggest creators I've work with um and I sometimes feel like like saying hey like I've worked with hundreds of channels I'm not just like a beast boy I'm not just like a Mr Beast disciple just because I might have worked with him at some point in the past I've worked with channels in so many different niches and I have yet to find a single Niche where I can't get some traction now that traction might look different for different niches you know some niches are naturally smaller I always like to use this term which you know and you've you've heard me talk about before Tam totally addressable Market I like to think about that for YouTube channels and think like how big is the market for something but every time someone has come to me and said hey you know my Niche is too small it's all well and good you talking about all this stuff I don't have all this money my Niche is small I don't have this and that I look at their Niche and it's like a golf Niche I'm like 30 million people play golf every weekend or something like you know there's a there's a lot of viewership in the golf Niche there's there's plenty of room there or it's something like knitting and you know again like go go search knitting on YouTube and filter by most viewed you'll see knitting videos with millions of views so I have yet to sort of find a niche that I don't think has a big enough audience of course there's going to be like some exceptions some examples of things which are just so so hyper Niche that there's only a few thousand people in the world that care about it and in which case maybe in that situation you should look at trying a different Niche but um I really I really hate that um that Viewpoint of oh I can't do this because my Niche isn't like that or my Niche is limited because I think so often creators use that as an excuse to to not actually try harder with their content and not to put the onus on themselves to make great content instead just blaming the market they're operating within it feels like a very disempowering belief like why would you want to believe that there's a low ceiling on what you're trying to do I feel like you should be doing everything in your power to blow that ceiling off what you think you can do so when you think about the The Tam the total addressable Market how do you actually go about identifying or calculating what you think the Tam for a channel might be yeah I love I love thinking about it like that as like a limiting belief because my team will sort of testify this I've you know built a small team around myself over the the last few years and something I always say is like the mindset you have towards content and like the the sort of philosophy you have towards content has a huge impact in what you actually go on to do so like one thing my team will always hear me say is we can make literally any n viral like I can make any Niche viral just give me the topics give me the tools give me the right sort of Direction and I can make that Niche viral and um I think even just like this idea like you talked about of or like we've talked about of Tam like how do you calculate that sometimes people think about things there's a fancy name for it Tam they over complicate it to me it's just about saying well what's our Niche let's just say our Niche is golf let's go to YouTube search golf in YouTube and then in the search filters that you can apply on YouTube this isn't using some like weird paid tool just on YouTube search that term golf um filter it for longer videos so just filter out short so you can actually filter video length in the search filters on YouTube and just then sort by most viewed and what you'll see is for golf you'll see like probably all these huge outliers at the top where there's like some random like you know I know the side men make a golf video that has 34 4 million views that's probably not an accurate representation of how many views there could be for the golf Niche but if you go down a little bit further you see okay here's this Golf Channel that does tutorials there's many videos they have that have a million views here's just so the Golf Channel that does entertainment videos he has like one and two million view videos and before you know you're getting a picture of okay at the very high level the best channels in the space get this viewership that's probably a pretty accurate picture of roughly where your time could be now of course there's some niches that aren't capitalized yet there's some niches that haven't been fully explored and discovered and conquered by creators so there is like more viewership in some of those niches but time to me is just really just seeing what are the best in the niche currently doing views wise like what are they hitting and what am I hitting so before blaming the niche I could look at that and say well if I'm a Golf Channel that's doing like 100,000 views a video which is still great but I'm like my Niche is too small I need to change I need to Pivot well if the best channels are doing a million views of video I'm still like 10% of what I could be doing 10% which is kind of crazy when you think about it and a lot of people that come to me with these things of saying I'm in too small of a niche they the real reality is they're probably a Golf Channel doing 10,000 views a video or 5,000 views a video so that's just generally how I think about it just like looking at what the biggest channels are doing and using that as a bit of a benchmark for what is possible in the niche do you have any examples of channels that they started off narrower than they needed to be and you decided hey let's actually expand the way were thinking about this to have a larger total addressable Market yeah someone someone I do think is a great example of it and it's someone I'm sure you're familiar with is Noah Kagan so when I first started doing some work with Noah Kagan I believe that was 2020 or 2021 and I could just see he was like a really talented entrepreneur he had lots of interesting stories but he was doing like very very Niche things when I thought there was more potential there I thought like he had built a lot of the foundation of what a great YouTube channel needs to be so he had he built a team he had good editing he had like decent thumbnails but the topics he was picking was like you know six tools that help me run my business or how to use slack or how to like which Zoom Zoom versus like Google meets like like these sort of like very Niche business topics um and I went in and I was like what if we just go for bigger swings we go for bigger videos we go for things like you know asking millionaires for advice and you know that's obviously such a huge Trend now but we were doing that like two or three years ago um going going for like really General business videos that we could say to ourselves someone at the very beginning of their Journey who doesn't know what slack even is because they don't even need to think about slack yet because they're just by themselves they can watch this video and enjoy it and then also someone that's a more seasoned entrepreneur can still watch and enjoy it because they'll still find interest in the things we're covering in the video and actually just even going back to this idea of like niches being too limited or like my Niche is boring like even when I was thinking before this podcast I was just some names just came to mind like someone that was actually in the last cohort of uh my accelerator program which is you know this group coaching program I run his name was Andrew millison have a guess what his Niche is like it's the most it's it like the actual Niche itself is so Niche but he gets so much viewership like try to think of the most random Niche you can think of oh my gosh okay I'm going to guess that he does um Eastern dance Trends it's a great guess great guess that is pretty neat and actually sounds like probably quite good viewership in that I might I might look into that right after this the podcast so his Niche is horiculture and more specifically permaculture which I believe hopefully no one calls me out on this in the comments but I believe it's just like a a strain of horticulture that focuses more on like permanently like building out sustainable horiculture like you know resources uh plants Farms you know uh Water Systems this is what he focuses on on his channel that's like his background and if I was to tell you okay he's he nich is horiculture he's like a lecturer in horiculture um what do you think like his most huged recent video got well to answer that it's 12 million views wow got 12 million views on a video during our last cohort the video was how the UN is holding back the Sahara Desert and that has 12 million views in four months um and across his channel you're just seeing you know 1.5 million 1.6 million he's got multiple videos that are a million plus when he started his channel he was focusing much more on kind of a bit more Niche topics around like water harvesting uh rehydrating the concrete jungle like maybe show these videos on screen as we're talking about it a lot of these are much more kind of Niche and then he realized that wow even though this is like a small potentially boring Niche I can make really broad topics so that 12 million view video how the UN is holding back the Sahara Desert it's got a really interesting fil I love like the the left and right contrast in the fil the title itself how the UN so the UN is a very well-known thing you know the United Nations super wellknown everyone knows about it like really top of mind holding back the Sahara Desert like just that framing of holding back I love that that term holding back the Sahara Desert he is managed to build his niche of permaculture um and gardening basically into a topic that's relevant to 12 million plus people and I think that's like you know this is kind of what it's all about right when you when you think about how easy it would be for him to say oh I can never get views in this Niche because no one cares about permaculture or like you know there's not enough interesting topics I can't make the average person care about it well he made 12 million people care about a video about you know the Sahara Desert and permac culture in the Sahara Desert so it's a great example of just thinking beyond your Niche and kind of playing into some of the the key principles I think about when it comes to building out um big viewership in a smaller Niche and there are tools that can help you do that like today's sponsor one of 10 one of 10 is a tool specifically made to help YouTubers find better ideas using outlier videos here's how let's go over to the filters Tab and set the parameters for our search we'll set the multiplier to a 3X minimum meaning it will only show us videos that had three times the views relative to the average of that Channel's last five videos and we want these videos to have at least 100,000 views and were posted in the last year now we want to dig in and get really specific because we're thinking beyond our Niche here Let's Pretend We're uh a productivity Channel looking for our next big idea I'm going to search toys cuz why not we'll see where to go from here I tested illegal kids toys this is actually really interesting if you hover over that thumbnail you'll see that you can Dive Right into similar topics or thumbnails let's click topics oh look at this I tested 100 Years of kids toys what if we could do I tested 100 Years of productivity hacks or maybe I tested 100 Years of morning routines you know I could throw some history into the next video and make it really interesting knowing where to start and getting your creative juices flowing can feel like a really big task but with one of 10 it's really that easy to get your brainstorming process started you can try one of tent for one month for only $1 using the code Creator thank you to one of 10 for sponsoring this video if I'm thinking visually it kind of sounds like what you're suggesting is if you think about your Niche it's probably a subin interest of some number of cascading larger interests so it seems like the advice you're giving is to go upstream or a little bit more broad above that category to figure out what is the broadest or one of the broadest categories this sits with in and let's make videos that address that audience am I getting that correct absolutely absolutely like when I'm thinking about what are the um what are the traits of a viral video within an Niche the first thing on that list of traits that I look at is what I call CCN core casual new I'm looking for videos that hit our core so if we think about like our Niche like within our Niche there's like the really core viewers who like really care about the thing the second C stands for casual so core casual so are we hitting the more casual viewers that kind of dip in and dip out of this Niche and like care a little bit about it but they're maybe not as like hardcore viewers and are we hitting the new viewers so those are viewers that maybe aren't into the niche they haven't watched our channel before but there are people that just if they see something interesting they might click the video so just like how let's just say we talk about permaculture horiculture maybe I don't care about that maybe I'm not into it but if I see that video about how they un is holding back the Sahara Desert it's packaged in a way that can attract me as a new viewer it probably also attracts the core viewers who really care about that topic too and it attracts the casuals who kind of dip in and dip out the best way to look at your Niche and expand your Niche is look at every idea and say can a core casual and new viewer all click this video and enjoy it and I think that's where so many people go wrong they get too caught up in just the core they get too caught up in just like appeasing like the hardcore horiculture you know students and viewers who want to see these really technical things and they forget about the casual and the new viewer and then on the flip side some people get too caught up in the new viewer and they just forget to like also appeal to that core and they go too broad and they kind of miss miss the mark with the audience that they have been building so I really really like to think of that like that's that framework it sounds simple and I think I've mentioned it in tweets and things before but I cannot mention it enough because that just changes how you approach YouTube you look at every niche as like you said said a kind of expanding Niche and not like a limiting Niche so if I'm reading between the lines here a little bit it sounds like what you're saying is if I'm trying to grow my channel that means that I'm by definition trying to attract new viewers and the best way to attract new viewers is to make a video that has broader appeal so that it has a better chance of getting a click when it's in a recommended area to a stranger exactly exactly like broad broadening the peel of your niche is so crucial and I think there's this thing you know curse of knowledge bias where when we know something we assume everyone else knows it and what that means is sometimes as as you know creators in niches we can end up always trying to go like really specific and narrow to try to like show viewers new things but sometimes we just forget that like oh actually the more simple things the more simple ways of framing things like that might seem obvious to us but maybe that expands the reach of the video maybe it makes it more interesting to you know broader group of people so yeah I'm always looking at it and saying like how can we just make sure that we're not just limiting it to the horee viewers and often if you're if you're hardcore enough of a niche of a fan of a niche to make a YouTube channel around it you're going to want to go really Niche and specific but that's in itself a trap because then you end up just appealing to other people that are just as hardcore about the niche as you are and that's probably a very small percentage of viewers is there a risk here of making something that is so broadly appealing that it goes well and suddenly our audience isn't targeted for what we're actually trying to do anymore yeah I think I think I always find that point kind of interesting because there definitely is something to it but from my point of view like I would describe myself as like a view maximizer you know and I am very like open about that like I go into channels and I try to maximize views I try to take channels from a million views a month to 10 million views a month to 100 million views a month there are so many other objectives we have as creators sometimes that objective might be hey we actually have a niche product that is actually more focused on the more hardcore you know really focused viewers in this Niche so expanding out broad doesn't actually do much for our bigger business um and in that case it's okay to just like Focus down on that more specific viewer but if our goal is to grow viewership then I don't think we should ever be afraid of trying to expand that out so long as we're not just like you know doing absolutely random stuff just in you know in attempt just jumping on any Trend so long as there's still that core casual and new which is why you have to hit each one of those points because if you're just going after the new VI if you're just like randomly jumping onto any Trend you can then you're not bringing along your core with you um but yeah it's it's kind of fascinating how many creators come to me and they say like I want to get more views I'm like okay here's more views and they're like oh now that I've got more views I don't like how it means I have to make these more broad videos and it's like it's the classic Trope it's like the classic case of like the the alt band saying they want to make it rich and famous they make it rich and famous and now they're like oh I miss when I was like able to play these small shows and like had this real connection now we have people in the audience who are just wearing t-shirts and don't actually know the music and you know it's the classic kind of like situation but I think it's really it really comes down to the Creator to be really clear to themselves but then also if they if they end up working with someone like me or someone else to be like my my main objective is product sales for this Niche product and in which case I'll be like okay let's instead of focusing on getting you to 10 million views a month let's focus on getting you to two or three million really targeted views per month um and that would actually end up contributing more to the overall business yeah that that leads me to what may sound like a really obvious or weird question but who should be a views maximizer like what is the conditions where views maximization is the right thing to be chasing what what else needs to be true for me I think like the first thing is if if you're main vehicle for generating revenue and we could also get even like very meta on this and say like is even generating Revenue your goal because if a Creator is just like I want to make enough to pay my bills and just really make content I'm passionate about that sometimes can be at odds with generating more Revenue through views you know so like we have to be kind of clear about what we want to do but if you're if your main vehicle for for Revenue generation is AD revenue and I mean that in terms of AdSense on you videos and sponsorships on YouTube videos if that's your main vehicle that you see as the main way to make revenue on your channel you should be a view maximizer in my opinion within reason you know because there's even like you know more deeper arguments around hey like if you go too broad your viewers might not convert as well to um sponsorships and etc etc so like there's there's always these kind of exceptions and things to think about and you know there's a friend of mine who runs a YouTube agency and his name is Dave wiscus if you ever heard of him and he always like talks about how yeah like sometimes these like creators have really viral view counts and they do really well but from a sponsorship perspective the data shows they don't actually convert because they go so broad so like there is like all these kind of exceptions things to think about things to take into consideration but most channels could benefit from having a mindset of I want to get more views and I want to like build out a bigger audience especially people that are like still maybe below that line of being able to make a full-time living from it so I I would say the only people I would discount are people that are looking at it and saying hey I can make more money by focusing on a very small specific group of viewers and those people might be people who sell like a product a course like if you're selling like a course let's say you're selling a course on how to like you know effectively use slack you know as a as a manager you want to Target managers that use slack in the organization you don't want to make a video like you know I use slack for 3,000 hours I used every product tool for like stuff like that might not really bring in the right kind of viewership for you so I think getting really clear about where your main vehicle for generating revenue is but I would say most people their main vehicle is still ad sales um through AdSense or through sponsorship and through maybe Affiliates and other things as opposed to a product even for people with the product though there's still more of that viewership that you can attract you just have to be a bit more tactful you don't you don't want to just completely go and say hey I'm just going to try and make the most Mr beastify viral video I can it's more about within my Niche what can I do so I'm just even thinking of an example like let's just say you're you are this slack example we gave you sell a course on how to use slack as a manager so making like a really weird viral video where you're like trying to like go viral with slack in some way probably isn't a great idea but making a video that follows a trend that has gone super viral across multiple niches which is if I was to start over with Slack here's what i' do we've seen that go viral like if I had to start coding all over again here's what i' do if I started to learn web design over again here's what I do you'll see these examples of plenty of outliers so as that channel you could look at that and model off that video and say hey could I do that for slack maybe it won't get 500,000 views but if I'm used to getting a th000 views a video and that gets 30,000 views we have maximized views you know we've increased views and we brought in the right kind of viewership so I think for channels that just have a specific vehicle they sell to through a specific Revenue generating vehicle like a product or like something more Niche you have to still think about it as core casual new but in this case your new viewer is not going to be just a complete casual your new viewers maybe just like still someone that uses slack but just isn't like your exact customer profile I'm curious to hear what are some of the aspects or similarities across videos and different niches that you see lead to virality what are the what are the commonalities of videos across niches that all go viral so I'd really like to make it very simple number one the video has to have CCN fit so we've already talked about that core casual new fit we won't dive into that again but the first thing should be does this idea have interest across all those bases I I've referenced this before in the past but like even for my channel when I was active on my own Channel with my own name like I would look at it and say the world's biggest Creator needs to be able to watch this and and my mother needs to be able to watch this you know someone who is like an absolute hardcore YouTube Nerd and then also someone that's just roughly interested in the whole platform so core casual new a second trait of viral videos that I look for for any nich is some form of unique novelty value something about it that makes this video just feel like it's its own thing its own Island and not just like another you know screaming into the void idea something unique so we talked about that Andrew millison um example of you know the UN holding back the Sahara Desert like that feels like he has some information something new that I don't know that I haven't heard before so always looking for that like what is unique what is novel about what I can talk about and that kind of goes into why we should spend so much time on brainstorming and trying to find new fresh things for our Niche so that's another thing sounds simple but number three easy to convey entitle and thumbnail so many great ideas are hard to convey entitle thumbnail and they're just not great ideas then they're just you know they're just interesting things they're not great ideas CU a great idea has to be easy to convey in a title th mail um and I get really annoyed at YouTubers saying I've got this amazing idea I just kind of think give had to thumbnail it and I'm like you don't have an amazing idea then so that would be the third thing like making sure you convey in the title F out really easily and then the fourth thing that I always look for is like other people in your Niche or even friends that like have similar interest to you when you mention the idea to them do they get excited like do they just genuinely feel like oh that's interesting that's exciting and I I always like this idea of building a bit of a council around yourselves like a YouTube Council around yourselves so that you can ask people like hey I'm thinking you're doing this like do you find that interesting do you find that you know does that make you excited so when I'm when I'm looking at these niches like if you just start applying these little Frameworks to like how you think about it even the first one just being CCN fit you're naturally going to start looking at bigger videos you're not going to just look at like a really specific thing let's just take another Niche for example so um it's just they give another channnel 731 Woodworks it's a woodworking Channel now I think woodworking is really interesting but you could argue that like it's not a niche that you can Mr beastify it's not a niche you can like make viral because it's just all about like tools and whatever if you look at that channel um a lot of the videos are built around viral formats they are things like testing hacks testing woodworking hacks or 99% of Woodworkers get this thing wrong or you know this tool is now illegal in seven and a half States or you know there there's just like these these funny ideas that are built around just like looking at the idea and saying okay my core is like hardcore Woodworkers but how do we also make these topics interesting to people that like do it as more of a hobby or maybe they're just generally interested in making things but they're not like a hardcore woodworker so instead of being like reviewing the uh you know wood Tron woodsa 3,400 um Second Edition it's just like this tool is so good it should be illegal or um reviewing the uh the most expensive woodworking tool in the world or comparing the wish you know saw to like this $500 saw you know like he's looking at it and saying how can I make things Broad and viral so um yeah I think it is really just about looking bigger and just thinking of unique novel Broad and some of these other traits we've mentioned for these viral videos across niches what about their packaging gets people to click how do you think about title and thumbnail so that people want to actually click I would always say like too too many people get caught up in the like the design itself like the Aesthetics so often I just look at it and say it's showing something simple so you can look at it um I'm not even sure maybe we talked about this on the last podcast but I always like this idea of the glance test sometimes I'll put my thumb on a Google slide and the slide before I'll have just a blank white Slide the slide after I'll have a blank white slide and I'll just flick onto the thumbnail slide really quickly and I'll keep the thumbnail quite small as well and I'll just ask myself can I process what's on screen like in that Split Second because people just vastly overestimate how much time the average viewer looks at a thumbnail the average viewer looks at a thumbnail for well under a second like it's going to be milliseconds it's very hard to like study this but the sort of nonperfect scientific stud I've done on this like just from observing people scrolling and just some other tests I've tried like people look at thumbnails for milliseconds so you need to have something in there that's just really easy to process and get across right away so you know this idea I came up with this idea um I don't want to say came up with it because it makes it sound like I take the credit but a few years ago in a video I I mentioned this idea called the three element rule the reason I I I brought that up and the reason why I think a lot of people use it and reference it is because you shouldn't really have more more than three things that the viewer is focusing on in a thumbnail if anything three is even too much like can you just have like one to three little things they have to focus on so if I'm having to look at a face another face an item text over here a logo over here text over down here there's too much in a thumbnail and too many beginners just feel I have all this space let's fill it but if you then go and look at the most viral videos on YouTube so many of them like they have empty space like you know instead of like showing like this saw with like all these things point at it these different arrows is text over here text over there sometimes it's just as simple as just like an arrow a saw and a face or something you know instead of having too much stuff filling up the screen so I think Simplicity is is really important and then just like trying to show something this is always hard to kind of convey in words but trying to show something that looks a little bit it's like on the verge of believable um or unbelievable it's like it's not misleading but it's exaggeration of the thing so like can we show something that you know if we're trying to show the world's uh most expensive saw in a video I don't think it's clickbait to go in and like add some gold onto the saw or like put some shine on it like put like a little like diamond encrusted thing on it or something so we're going in and just enhancing some of the details to just make it feel still it's still not clickbait because we're still showing the world's most expensive saw and the world's most expensive saw probably looks pretty good but we're going in and we're just trying to like make it look a bit more shiny and clickable so I think if you combine Simplicity and exaggeration without going too far in the realm of clickbait you have a really nice formula for for good thumbnails and and also a lot of it is just like you know studying other thumbnails in your Niche like what are the what are people clicking on because like someone would bring up like oh at this Niche people only click on this kind of stuff or like I've even seen in different geographies like for example in um quite a lot of like countries like Singapore or like Malaysia countries um that speak a different language especially Asian countries they actually quite often click on thumbnails with a lot more text in them than in the Western World I've just noticed that um so you know that's always something to think about as well like culture Niche what's working your Niche but generally speaking I don't think you can go wrong by saying let's keep it simple and let's exaggerate something slightly you talk so much about all of the pre-production work with packaging and thinking about an idea how much of a difference does that pre-production really make love that question because I would say the biggest difference I think between top level creators and beginner creators is top level creators we're putting way more time into the pre-production into planning before we make the content whereas a lot of more beginners will just sort of say I want to make this here's roughly how I think about it let's make it you know so putting like real thought into developing these things before we even press record before we even end up writing the script like I want to see like actual details of how this could go because at some level on YouTube it just becomes a game of decision- making and our decisions are like what do we pursue just like how in a really big business like someone like an Amazon they have all these potential they can make money in so many areas they can do it here here here and everywhere but they have to sit in their boardroom and say like out of these 100 opportunities like which are the ones that we should focus our energy on some as a point of frustration for me is when I talk to people who are either beginner YouTubers or a bit more inexperienced or even like people completely outside YouTube Niche like you know the brands that my company works with and different people they will look at it and they will kind of be a little bit put out or a little bit sometimes honestly frustrated with me with how much detail I put on these little little things like you know how much I will push for a certain tile over another title an example I actually bring up quite a lot is um we work at Red Bull that's one of our bigger clients we had this video um a few months ago which was world's fastest camera drone versus F1 car that video I believe has 20 million plus views so that title I think is a great title it's just really simple straight to the point you get it but if we had titled it something else and there were other titles on the drawing board that we could have used if we had titled it something that was maybe 10 or 20% worse the video wouldn't have 10 or 20% less views it might have a fraction of the views it it might have like two or three million views which is still Lots obviously but YouTubers often think of it too linearly and think okay 20% better title yeah the video might get 20% more views but what if I prefer this title or what if I don't like calling it this other title like it's not going to make that much difference can I just call it this title but a 20% better title could mean double triple quadruple it could mean a 100 times more views because YouTube is this exponential game and returns are nonlinear like a 20% better thing might mean the video ends up doing a bit better with more people and then that can lead this snowball in motion which can then lead to more and more and more views so being a bit better with a lot of people can lead to a much bigger return than you can imagine so the reason I push like focusing on title fil focusing on the topic focusing how you present things and this pre-production so hard is because these things make a massive difference and honestly like I can't say how many times in my career I've had I've been in rooms with people where they've been like we like your title Patty but we think we want to go with this title and then I say why and they go like it just feels a bit more aligned to our brand and then I would say okay like aligning to your brand is really important but if I was to say your title will get 1 million views and my one will get 10 million views would you feel the same way and they'd say how can you know that I'm like I don't know that but I do know that Myan is 10 or 20% better and being 10 or 20% better in an infinite exponential game has huge outside returns you know the video won't just get 1.2 million views versus 1 million maybe it will get 1 million versus 10 million so it's one of the reasons I get so excited about these little nerdy small details um and yeah even that example we use from Andrew mson of the the UN Sahara video like that video with like a different title or a slightly different thumbnail that topic might have only got 500,000 views instead of 12 million how do I take that Insight which I agree with and believe and not allow it to paralyze me from publishing at all setting a limit on how long you you give yourself to to overthink I I think some overthinking is fine but just set a limit if you're overthinking a title for week big problem if you're overthinking it for an hour and then after that hour you say I have to come up with something and and stick with it you know just just make that happen so I think setting a time limit and then also like realizing and understanding that there will be always views left on the table like there's not a single video I've worked on in my entire career that we got 100% of the views we could have got every single video I've ever worked on we could have got even more views with something slightly different but it's just a game of getting us close to Perfection as possible but Perfection needs to have a time limit you need some constraint otherwise you'll just not post anything so I think especially for smaller creators like the reason I even bring up this point of like nonlinear returns and how exponential YouTube is is to excite us with the potential we have but when you're a small Creator like it's still so important to just like publish publish videos right because the pursuit of perfection the pursuit of perfection doesn't account for the other factor in that equation which is timeline and the the longer time goes on on the less learning we have the less videos we're publishing the less we're like you know trying to to to make things happen don't know if this analogy will hit but like imagine like you were someone that just always tried to find like the perfect husband or wife forever but then by the time you finally find them you're like 65 and it's like oh you know like in my pursuit of perfection I forgot that the other timeline was was actual time passing so I think that's a a way of thinking about it is we can be perfectionist we can overthink but just for an hour just for two hours not for two weeks it's empowering because it it goes to s a little bit of extra work on the package on the title and thumbnail and the idea can have outsized returns so that's where there's leverage that's where you should put a little bit of extra time because finding a little bit of a breakthrough can have a huge return for you but you're right there has to be a limit otherwise we'll we'll go back and forth forever absolutely the majority of people watching this probably are still feeling like ah my Channel's pretty small I haven't really broken through yet and so I'm wondering if there's like an order of operations when the Channel's small and I'm getting started for which of the core casual and new I should develop first like should I go broad first to try and get in front of a lot of people so that some of those people become core fans or should I start a little bit more narrow develop the core fandom and then broaden out from there what do you do you think about that there's actually it that question really ties in well with a tweet I made yesterday which was how I would grow a YouTube channel from scratch in 12 months 12 steps and I broke the 12 steps into these different phases phase one I called establishment phase two I called improvements and phase three I called optimization so I almost like thinking of like a YouTube's Channel's like growth along those lines first of all you just need to establish yourself like what am I what am I doing I need to start making videos I need to get good at making videos then you need to get into this phase of like now I need to keep improving upon that establishment like improve in all these different areas start thinking about strategy and start thinking about idea generation more deeply and then over time you end up optimizing and tweaking to get to that Final Destination you want to be so for your question I think we're looking more at that like establishment stage so like before we really think about like how do we you know get in depth on all this stuff look at all this data retention curves like we need to figure out like what we are and who we are as a channel and will say throughout my entire career it's always worked better for me to focus more narrow and more at that core first and then expand out over time uh because you just it's you can never go the other way you can't really start like going after the broad and then go more narrow because that's just like what alienate so many of those viewers I think it's it's e also easier to get traction when you're focusing on a bit more of a specific smaller Niche um I'm even thinking back to like when I used to have um music channels like I would start with like a really specific sub genre of a niche of music then I would start building out so if it starts with like French deep uh deep hip-hop or deep bass or something drum and bass then it would like expand a little bit out to like European drama base then even further you know it would just kind of build from a really small core and then grow from there because you can kind of almost look at it like almost like monkey bars to like different places like you you start in here and then because you're here that means that some of this niches overlap okay so now I can sort of expand out to this broader thing with some overlap with my thing and then I can expand out over here and before you know it you can kind of capture more of the total total Niche or total whole niche as itself because like every Niche has like sub niches like we've kind of alluded to but yeah I find it I find it really interesting how like sometimes I I look at a new Creator and immediately they're trying to make these super viral like really broad videos there are examples of where that works um I have a friend James Janny who I reference quite a bit cuz I think he's just such a really great Creator his first few videos got like millions of views like he just he just hit it out the park right away that is the exception survivorship bias is such a real thing with with YouTube if you look at most channels that are now doing 100K 200k 500k a million views a video they started more Niche down so start Niche and expand and grow from there for sure how do I know when I'm moving out of the established phase and into the growth phase where I need to be looking more at data and analytics and things I think some of it is like volume of videos posted so people will argue with with me on this like I'm sure like other strategists might disagree with this but like The more I've realized this like I've been doing this for 10 years now creators just get overwhelmed if you say to a Creator hey you need to start making videos you need to start making two videos a week and you need to learn all about retention curves you need to learn data you need to learn how to like come up with good ideas you need to learn how to package you need to learn all this stuff it can just be like really overwhelming so how do you go from like that establishment phase to that Improvement sort of growth phase I think what you do first is say am I in a consistent you know Cadence of posting videos some people will say Patty you've said in the past that you know a consistent schedule doesn't matter it doesn't matter algorithmically but it can matter a lot mentally and philosophically for yourself to get into like a regular Cadence of posting if you're really good you can post whenever you want but you're not really good at the start so you need to kind of have that repetition over time so the first thing I would look at before moving into that stage is are we posting regularly and have we learned how to make videos you know like this sounds silly but like every YouTuber that we look up to they know how to like roughly make things you know um and there's some examples I think especially in this like new age of create creation where like people can hire editors and th designers earlier in the process but still like even if if I look at myself like I can edit videos I can I could edit a video if you sat down there and sent me the clips for this and put it together I could edit it is it going to be very good no but it'll be passible I can make thumbnails I made thumbnails for years I've made thumbnails for clients like I can go into to photoshop and make thumbnails I have the fundamental skills to be a Creator so I love the idea that in that establishment phase instead of working and thinking about strategy too deeply we're building those fundamental skills we're making videos ideally maybe one or two videos every single week and we're doing that for a period of time where maybe we have 30 40 50 videos posted then we look at it and say okay let's say we got 50 videos posted we have learned the skills in Photoshop and video editing now we have a foundation where we can put strategy on top it's kind of it's kind of frustrating when I see someone put really a lot of effort into strategy and ideation and coming up with like really good ideas but their execution is so weak that they're just wasting those ideas so like at the start I just say make whatever you want like pick your Niche like we need to pick our Niche we need to pick our Niche SL subnation like focusing on that but then from there just make what calls to you make what interests you like make what feel like passionate about some of it will maybe do okay some of it will do terrible the majority probably won't do anything at all um and then over time you can then look at it and say I'm sitting in this position where I've been doing this for four or five months now I have 50 videos posted I've got the fundamental skills if I now put the strategy component on top if I now think about my YouTube studio if I start studying my retention curves if I start putting more effort into brainstorming ideas so instead of just saying I'm going to make whatever I want to we're going to start thinking about it and saying I'm going to put a huge amount of effort into brainstorming I'm going to schedule time each week to brainstorm ideas I'm going to use a process of elimination to make sure I pick the best ideas we start putting more strategy behind it we have a foundation we can build upon so I think before moving into that stage we just need to make sure we're making videos consistently and we're improving and we've got a foundation of skill for you know Photoshop video editing whatever it might be and if that Foundation of skill isn't one you have yourself it's at least having someone on your team that you've built to cover those areas I think that's so true I talked to a lot of creators who are stuck around platform strategy they haven't even decided yet which platforms should I be posting on and they'll ask me like should I do YouTube and YouTube has the most moving parts of any platform in my opinion the most variables that could go wrong and sync the performance of the entire video if you don't do it pretty well you really have to get a lot of things working in concert from the idea to the packaging which is both title and thumbnail uh not just the composition of it but the literal visual design of it then you need to make sure the video starts out really well so you have good retention uh you probably need to keep people's attention throughout the whole video obviously there's just so many each of these things are like their own art form almost and you can get good at all of it and that's what the great YouTubers are doing but it's such an investment of time that in the beginning you need to get reps of doing the whole video so you at least experience and start building the muscle memory of all of these different moving parts and variables involved I couldn't agree more couldn't agree more like sometimes I I actually have been quite reflect of like the advice I've given over the years and like how I've approached things and sometimes I have like this benefit of I've done it for 10 15 years I have this experience these repetitions and we talked a bit earlier about this curse of knowledge bias sometimes I forget like how many little skills go into making a channel happen so to think about like a new viewer being told hey you need to learn how to edit that's hard you need to learn how to do thumbnails that's also hard you need to learn how to like storytelling camera you need to learn how to like you know do some basic lighting color grading do all that stuff and you need to do this every week and you need to come up with ideas and then be like also as well you need to think really deeply about strategy you need to follow what Patty gway says on Twitter where he says he goes through this whole process of like hundreds of ideas and you can just imagine how overwhelming that is so I love the idea of just breaking it down into those different stages and I think that's the best way to grow like a channel from scratch or from smaller to a big Channel or at least a channel doing quite well momentum wise as as fast as possible um and yeah I think like it's kind of when I really break it down like YouTube is unlike any other platform in that it is really really really difficult to get good at but when you get good at it it starts to feel quite easy it starts to feel like you know you can be in this position where earlier in this podcast I said I feel I have the confidence to feel that I can make any nich faral and I haven't had negative reinforcement to tell me I can't you know every time I've done something with someone with enough time we have made progress and we have got viewership and it's quite an easy input output game when you learn what the inputs are but yeah it's Cra Crazy overwhelming to think about starting on YouTube today and having all this information all these people talking saying you need to do this this and this sometimes you just need to take a bit of time to be quiet and make 30 40 50 videos and just learn how to edit and make thumbil on storytale if you do that first few months you're going to have a much better Foundation if I'm looking at other videos that have been successful maybe it's my own videos maybe it's other videos in my Niche maybe it's videos outside of my Niche but I can see that this video had the outcome that I want it had the type of views that I'm looking to get how do I start to understand what made that video successful yeah I think there's a few things I like to do the first thing is just like actually having these prompts so like writing these prompts down maybe you can just actually take a screenshot of the video and put it in a Google doc or a notion or whatever you use for your note taking and just have these prompts instead to just like reflect on them so one prompt I was like is what made this unique so we talked about earlier about how you know viral videos usually have some level of unique novelty value so like what did make this unique like was it something in the topic was it like something specific to this thumbil that made it different to everything else so what made this unique I was like to ask myself like what about the packaging made it special what about the packaging made it an outlier like was there some way they titled it or thumbnailed it that just felt different to how most people in the space do it or just built up upon a bit of a different format than most people something that I think is um super interesting is when I do see these outlier videos like these and when I say outlier I'm thinking like a video that gets three or four times more than the average at minimum on a channel usually when I see an outlier it's not going to be oh they tried a different color grade or oh they upgraded their camera those things matter but they don't have this kind of like exponential difference usually what it's more often about is hey something about the idea itself the title or the thumbnail is what made that such an outlier so I really like to dig into those things and ask myself those questions of made it unique what about the title film now another really good prompt is why did this go viral and others similar to it didn't so there is a lot of survivorship bias at stake here where sometimes people can look at like a video and say oh this went really viral but then if you look deeper you'll see they tried the same video like eight other times that didn't go viral so you have to ask yourself like was this just a lucky break on this video or was there something different or unique about it so I think you can learn a lot by saying hey this person wasn't the first to cover this topic but the other people that covered this topic got 10,000 views and this guy got 150,000 views why like what was let's put them side by side let's look at some differences and how it's actually put together that can make a big difference a lot of it you can never be 100% sure but a lot of it is if you just start reflecting more and digging deeper into that video and just looking at things like the timing as well when it came out how the views trended over time I think that's a really useful way to do it and also I'll give a quick shout out to um to my friend Chucky who's just launched stats um alongside Mr Beast like they have some interesting tools which allows you to like search reverse basically like reverse search a thumbnail so if you have a thumbnail that you see that goes really viral you can place it into their their thumbnail search and it will like look at like other thumbnails um like it so you can see oh were they the first person to come up with this concept or maybe they saw this concept go super viral in another Niche and they tried it in this Niche and that's why it went viral so I think the more like deeper thing here is just taking time to really reflect on a video as oppos to to just being like chalking it down to something really quickly oh it's because they have more money than me or oh it's because they're a bigger Channel or oh it's because XY Z if you actually just sit there and just try to reflect and almost like Journal around why a certain video did well you can learn a lot if I'm looking at my own channel and one of my videos that performed better than I anticipated is there any data in YouTube Studio that you look at that you feel like is a reliable indicator or gives you some sort of unique insight into why a video did better than you might have expected expected honestly there's nothing there's nothing really that just like gives you a definitive answer like here are some things I would look at if a video went way better than expected I would look at the demographics so like is it appealing to a bit of a different audience than usual sometimes I've seen this where like a video goes really viral I'm like digging into why that could be and then I realize oh it's going really viral in a certain country it might be getting a lot of viewership in India and then I try to figure out why is it getting a lot of viewership in India or you know maybe it's going really viral with a different age group to what I'm used to and it's resonating really well there so dig a bit into the demographics and try to figure out if there's any Trends there I look I like to look at device type so going to YouTube Studio clicking Advance mode and looking at device type and seeing are we getting more views on a different device type to usual could that be a reason behind you know the the extra viewership are we like doing really well on this video on TV why could that be well maybe because this video was longer than our average videos and longer videos typically do better on TV or you know start to like build some hypothesis from that I also like to look at the new viewer metric to see like what you know what number of views on this video were new viewers versus returning viewers just to give us an idea of like oh maybe it's just because this video ended up resonating really well with new viewers and then you can bring it back to yourself to ask yourself the question of why why was that the case and obviously just like studying the view Trend over time as well did this get like a lot of views really quickly or did it slowly build did it rank in search traffic sources like where was that traffic coming from so I'm sort of throwing out these different things I'll look at but it all comes back to the fact that you're not going to have like a single thing that says here's exactly why this went viral so much of it is just looking at all the data points looking at all you know about the video and how it performed and taking that time to adequately reflect on it so many creators they just like see something goes viral and they just like spend like three seconds or you know thinking oh that went viral because of this let's just do more of that you know instead of like taking a bit of time to dig into it so um there's no data point there's no magic data point that gives you the reason the video went viral but you can look at these things to sort of paint the picture I always like that metaphor of like data kind of like can start to color in some of the picture but you still need to zoom out and look at the full picture and see oh here's why this video went viral we get a lot of people who ask me hey why did your video with Jenny Hoyos do so well and it's like a hilarious question because if I knew the answer to that I would just do that every time uh but you know it's it's about to cross 3 million views and the one thing that I can point to and say this was definitively different about this video is it had a higher click-through rate in the first 24 hours and so now I just spin myself out saying how do I get the best click-through rate in the first 24 hours uh but it's so hard to know what combination of title and thumbnail amongst the the stable of titles and thumbnails we've thought about which one will be the best one how do you how do you test packaging to try to find the best answer before you actually push it live on a video yeah so I want to dig into this because this is really interesting because CTR itself is a very fickle and in some ways infuriating metric where if you ask me is CTR useful I would say CTR as a metric obviously like the act of people clicking on a video is extremely important so when people say C is useless or not useful then people take the wrong takeaway of saying oh thumbnails don't matter it's just not how you think about it but CTR as an entire metric is very difficult because the more Impressions the video gets the lower the CTR drops typically so you'll probably see even on that Jenny hoya video over time that CTR is probably dropped quite a bit lower but CTR itself as a whole is not very useful but C in the first hour first 24 hours can be a good predictor of success on videos like I've seen that for lots of our clients so when people say CTR is not useful at all I'd point to the fact that there's a very strong correlation between first hour CTR and long-term video performance on a lot of established channels um not all channels but quite often so I would look at it and say even with that video like you know tile thumb Mount now everyone on YouTube or pretty much everyone over the next few weeks is going to have ABC testing so that's like going to be such a big unlock because you can make up a couple different options and like test your theories in action of like which one gets more clicks I would actually with that video Let's just just think about that video for a minute like I would dig a bit deeper though like is it something you did with the design or is it something more to do with like the topic I think it's it's kind of interesting when you see Jenny and and Jenny is like quite young right she's like 18 17 18 um and she just seeing that I think by Nature that just makes it look a bit unique because it's like this very young girl who has figured out like something really really difficult and she's doing so well it's kind of like how there's videos where you see you know this like bring it to the other side but like sometimes I've seen these videos with it's just like an old guy giving advice it's like old gives advice you could probably show that thumb on screen old man gives advice and people ask why did that video go so well I'm like well because you don't usually scroll through your YouTube feed and see this old guy you know giving advice and I think on the same level like this space like this space of content creation and like um you know you know coming up with strategy and YouTube and how to grow I would say it's very I'd say it's generally quite male dominated uh which I think is a shame cuz I I love when I see like uh more female people coming in and talking about this niche as well but it's quite male dominated and it's also quite a lot of like you know guys a bit older um you know guys my age and above um don't want to sound like a boomer or anything but you know I think some people like a little bit older so you see this like younger girl talking about something it just makes it unique right and then also I love how you you titled it and I love how you like put that thumb out text of like you know I can make anything viral I think those are the things I would look at so maybe it's more about the guest and more about you know the perception of that guest and like how you see that how that makes it unique as opposed to like something specific you did in that packaging so if I was you I would start brainstorming like huh is there like any other like really young um upand cominging creators who have like figured it out at a young age so for example I know there's like these kids I've seen do podcasts that are like 16 17 and they're making like 300K a month with like YouTube or SnapChat or something and it's like when you see that you're like part of you feels terrible cuz you're like well when I was 16 you know was making like $3 a month um so like how did that how does that happen but I think there's something unique about that itself so a great example like digging deeper and like some people could look at that and just say oh this went viral because oh we placed the text a little bit to the right or we had this thing in the bottom corner which we don't usually have but it's much more likely around the actual topic the subject material which is I guess the Creator you're interviewing um and how you package that to the viewer than like little details like that let's look at how you vet ideas when I have an idea and I'm thinking okay I want this to hit my core casual new I feel pretty good about that what are the next steps from there for how I prioritize certain video ideas that I have making sure like I always think about this idea of the idea funnel so you have this big funnel that you put ideas into and the end result is your funnel spits out different ideas that you can then like prioritize based on what you're feeling most excited about so like how do we put things into the funnel I was like to say there's ideas so things that have worked for us in the past so looking internally like what has worked on our channel can we come up with more ideas like that external ideas things that have worked for our competitors or even just other channels across YouTube how can we come up with ideas based on things that have worked for them and then Innovation so just sort of more blue ocean like looking you know across YouTube across different Industries and saying like what's something Innovative and new that I can come up with so if you're contributing lots of ideas into the funnel from those different sources you then pass through to the kind of the filter part part which is your main question here is like how do we actually eliminate them down and I think you know asking yourselves does it have that core casual new VI of fit it's a great question um asking Is it feasible to make happen so like if you went and did brainstorming this is kind of funny when I work with like new strategists because you know I have to I hire strategists from my business and I also like interview and talk to a lot of like upand cominging people and first of all I'll say like people are really good like some of these young kids are such good strategist and I think about YouTube really deeply but the one thing they sometimes don't understand is like limitations and feasibility so they'll be like let's uh let's you know let's say we're brainstorming ideas for like a wildlife Channel and we could say let's come up with an idea which is like I I swam covered in blood uh with like 10 great white sharks it's like yeah that would go viral but it also might kill the Creator so like you know we got to be careful so like thinking about the feasibility of ideas is is is super important so is this feasible can we make it happen another one I get is like people come up with these ideas but it's like you know if you brainstormed for your podcast and said like um how do we get to a million views well if you had Mr Beast on for an episode probably get to a million views but that's also quite difficult because you need to you know get a contact with Jimmy you need to like convince him that it's a good idea you probably need to grow this podcast more before he'd want to do it so like there's all these like things that get in the way so like having that feasibility and using that as a as a score as well is important so like does it f CCN It Is it feasible the title thumbnail as well like can we actually come up with title thumbil like not only can we say yeah we can come up with it can we actually come up with one before we even go further with this like can we come up with the tile we call it and like a rough sketch of the thumbnail that can like eliminate so if you have 100 ideas in the funnel maybe the CCN fit you eliminate like 40 of them because so many videos don't have that feasibility you eliminate like 20 of them so you've got like 40 left right then you say can I come up with title thumbil for them before you know it out of those 40 you have left now you're looking at and saying well only half of I can actually think of what I would title fum Al them so you got 20 left and then some other questions you could ask like am I actually genuinely as a Creator excited and want to make this video because some people are surprised when I say that because I am like I mentioned earlier like a views maximizer someone that just wants to get more views but if if I think about if our goal is to get more views it's not going to really work really well if I keep making the Creditor make these ideas they don't like doing because at some point they're just going to want to not do that anymore they're going to get burnt out so long term that's going to hurt us so it's still important that the Creator like feels passionate and excited about them so even for you yourself as a Creator just looking at it and saying am I excited to interview this person am I excited to do this thing like does this like make me want to make the content maybe then you've got 20 ideas left and that limites it down to 10 then when it comes to the 10 I always like to do this thing which I call the onepage idea development so on a one pager I like to have just a rough thumbnail sketch I like to have a rough title so you have a thumb sketch rough title I like to have a y um Square the Y Square I just like like to list one or two or three points of like why this video is going to work and then I like to just roughly list out like the log line of the videos like roughly what the video is going to be about so if I have 10 ideas left I'm developing each one of those 10 ideas and those those one Pages again I can already hear people saying that's so much work I've done I can do 10 onepage ideas in like an hour or two you know especially when you think about the ideas being such a source for views and momentum across a whole Channel like we can spare an hour or two to develop out these ideas you know they deserve that at least so I've developed them out in this one page I have 10 ideas then I just like to look at it myself I like to ask you know if I've got employees or if I have like other people that are in my Niche or just friends I just like to then present those ideas so instead of getting on a call and saying hey I'm thinking about doing this idea where we swim with a great white shark it's like here's the idea here's the log line what do you think here's the idea here's the log line what do you think and just going through and asking different people's opinion like even you know myself I think I have like a good measure of what a great video is for the different clients we work with but without that like ability to just ask others opinion you're just going to be isolated and you're going to you know Focus too much on your ego and like what you think is right so even I really like to ask just random people like even just like sometimes they get surprised but like maybe there's like a random new editor on a team and I'll be like what's you think of this idea and they're like I don't know I'm just I just started here I'm like no what do you think like do can you could you imagine this one being interesting so asking lots of opinions and then you're left with three or four videos that you want to prioritize and you develop them from there what do you think people are dead wrong about with the current state of YouTube either they have the wrong belief or they completely miss something that is happening that they should be paying attention to I would say the biggest sort of hot take I have on YouTube which shouldn't be a hot take but it is based on how most people think about it is there is no meta there's no like one way one meta to do YouTube and I feel that often times a lot of people try to like declare the New Direction content is going in like all content is moving towards storytelling or all content is moving towards longer videos or you know we've got this guy Sam suluk if you've seen him like people are like look at Sam it shows that thumbnails is dead I even saw this tweet recently where someone was like the thumbnail bubble is about to burst because like you could see like some of these thumbnails on like samsul and like other channels are like focusing on doing less Les editing less th that design but all these things kind of fail to realize how big YouTube is 5 10 years ago there was people that focused on storytelling and made really long videos that were doing well in 5 to 10 years from now there'll be people that make two or three minute videos and don't focus on storytelling that be doing well there's just so much YouTube is so expansive that there's no one way to make content there's no one meta and yet people always just try to say oh it's Mr beastify but even during the peak of what what you could call Mr beastify on YouTube where everyone was complaining about Mr Beast is ruin YouTube if you actually studied the trending videos and the most of our our videos on YouTube about five to 10% you could classify as Mr Beast ofi videos you know so even in this like bubble of everything being this big spectical it still only accounted for like five or 10% of the trending videos and that's only that's what the trending videos if you look across YouTube it's probably still only one or two% of all YouTube viewership is focused on that kind of content so that's not downplaying the impact of Trends that's not downplaying the fact that yes we are moving into a a world right now where YouTube videos are getting a bit longer and people are putting in more storytelling and leaving out you know leaving the sort of really fast retention editing um out a bit more but that's still just a trend it's not the meta you know so like there's no one way to do YouTube there's no one meta things are are super super varied to continue learning from Patty check out our first conversation where we talk even more about his process for coming up with good ideas and thumbnails it's quite lit literally the interview that changed this channel so make sure you grab your notebook [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @jay [47 likes]: Grow Your Podcast on YouTube Workshop: https://creatorscience.co/play

And if you’re new here, help us get to 100K subs!
  2. @KookaburraCrumbs [2 likes]: "Rehydrating the concrete jungle" - I saw that video years ago and still think about it. They transformed barren streets with trees that were watered by funnelling [rare] rainwater to the tree-trunk, where it sat in a pool, to soak in, instead of running off into stormwater drains. I liked it so much more than his later stuff, because it was hands-on, allowing us to see up-close the impact of permiculture in a specific (and different) application. His "big" videos lost me, with plastic looking thumbnails. Interesting!
  3. @the.Adiram [1 likes]: How to create a Niche that don't exist
  4. @bobbybhaicanyoutakeusonadrive: I’ve got to say, thanks to the host for asking all the right questions

Brilliant hosting 👏🏼
  5. @StudioSPL1: let go
  6. @Guiny: I love coming back to this video and watching it every couple months because it gets me so excited to push for bigger potential audiences and projects!!
  7. @raworld-n5u: Im an IELTS student at this time I really need this speech because I was thinking I cannot get a good band and to prove writing
  8. @RedDirtTruth: How would I translate this into what I’m currently doing. Managing social media and doing real good on FB but youtube is a different animal. Would love how to utilize this with politics
  9. @MMC3139: And this video after 1 year got 300k views. 😂😂😂
  10. @shellhawkens: Paddy was spot on for the reason why I clicked on your video I Can Make Anything Viral. It was the juxtaposition of a young girl, with such a bold (and presumably) real claim. You both delivered on that video, it was really good. So was this one- thank you both for sharing your wisdom, and fro asking great questions Jay.
  11. @soanepapilio879: Awsome👏👌👍
  12. @GhostGlobeExplorer: thank you paddy point to point
  13. @Moa-u7f: Why do we have to pick a single niche? If we are multifacetted and formally educated in several areas, could we not have a multi-facetted channel?
  14. @Moa-u7f: Paddy Galloway: Please stop making an example of a video that spreads misinformaton, based on some American rightwing anti-international conspiracy theory. Their anti-UN spiel is an entire old psyop unto itself since the 1992 Rio Earth Summit, precisely because the corporate right (ie, dirty extractive industries) want to discredit the top institution that stands for the Environment via its legally-binding Conventions. The UN has no mandate to do any such thing as "hold back the Sahara" - that is nothing more than some lazy individual's buzz title who hasnt done his homework, nothing to awe over as if he has "some knowledge" you don't. 

#1 Rule: Don't believe everything you hear on the internet. Falsity is just clickbait.

Surprised at you, Europeans are normally better educated. Maybe you've dedicated too much time to this whole youtube universe instead of getting a proper education. Best balance. Love your tips, but please, at the very least, read the UN Charter to know what it's actually about. After all, it's your UN.
  15. @thewanderingapprentice: Im subscribed to Andrew Millison 😅
  16. @roytaylor2161: He's consigning older people,  especially,  to the dustbin. Nice bit of ageism.
  17. @Broken1Adventures: I bet he can’t make my niche go viral. I keep losing all my social media accounts for my niche! I’m trying to educate Americans about how I was tortured medically by a GA Senator(David Perdue)  to steal indigent finds in my name while he paralyzed me for profit. I’ve been censored, physically attacked, and terrorized for years by your tax dollars thru Federal Agencies, Bug Pharma and Insurance corruption to silence me. How can I share my story that’s not allowed in AMERICA. I WANT TO SEE YOU  TRY! I’m sick of being isolated and abused for spreading the truth about MEDICAL SLAVERY RUN THRU THE UNITED STATES SENATE.
  18. @RafaelBelor: I don‘t understand why he obsesses over tiles so much, and what are the tiles for? As thumbnail background? how do i know if a tile is 10% better?
  19. @GaryMichaels1980: Great video , thank you guys 🙏
  20. @V2C_Studios: Excellent Knowledge Provided Thank You 🫡

- How social media influences the mental & behavioral health of children age 13 to 17: Kind: captions Language: en Teenagers are using social media in a plethora of&nbsp; really positive ways. There are groups, there are&nbsp;&nbsp; clubs out there to address anything that a teen&nbsp; has interest with. I see a lot of kids facing&nbsp;&nbsp; challenges with depression, anxiety, and they're&nbsp; able to connect. I think it's incredibly important&nbsp;&nbsp; that we're using social media appropriately. We're&nbsp; seeing teens architect their Instagram photos&nbsp;&nbsp; using filters to create images that are&nbsp; not aligned with who they really are,&nbsp;&nbsp; but they're generating likes. It's a social&nbsp; currency and it's addictive. Sometimes teens&nbsp;&nbsp; make bad decisions and they can post things&nbsp; on social media that they don't realize&nbsp;&nbsp; that exists forever, as adults. Employers look at&nbsp; social media and what are you posting on there?&nbsp;&nbsp; Kids aren't thinking about those kinds&nbsp; of things. So we do want to supervise&nbsp;&nbsp; our child's social media usage. Simply asking&nbsp; them what their social media represents,&nbsp;&nbsp; the values that they want represented and to&nbsp; ask them about the content that they post.&nbsp;&nbsp; Why is it important? What's interesting about&nbsp; it? Coming from a place of genuine, authentic&nbsp;&nbsp; interest, right? Not concern, just interest.&nbsp; We start that conversation. We keep it open&nbsp;&nbsp; ended. We keep it consistent. We check&nbsp; in often and we invite that conversation.

  Top Comments:
  1. @aabetterworld [46 likes]: The good all days when the most you could do was play with friends, read books,do chores and still have spare time left and you were happy. Newer generations will never know what mental freedom is like.
  2. @John83118 [11 likes]: This material is avant-garde. A similar book I read was equally forward-thinking. "A Life Unplugged: Reclaiming Reality in a Digital Age" by Theodore Blaze
  3. @simonewilliams7224 [7 likes]: Simply don’t give them phones or unsupervised TV time.
  4. @jesterplays983 [6 likes]: Age 13 to 17?
Heck my lil cousin who's 6 is already infected with this Brainrot stuff on the internet.Its like a virus
  5. @r.morris5589 [5 likes]: Social media, cell phones, and the internet are the new smoking, drugs and alcohol.
  6. @MagicalLeia [4 likes]: I believe that social media is making kids not being kids like if you look at teens now, they look like adults! What’s happened to childhood?
  7. @soniyasinha3496 [4 likes]: IMHO, the risks outweigh the benefit. connecting through social media groups cannot really help people with subclinical or clinical mental health issues. In fact I have seen some alarming information and advice given by social media support/special interest' groups. Many groups are driven by $$$$$$$ and the desire to gain more visibility. 
Why not form a better relationship with your child so you can talk directly to them and not via social media? How can strangers give sound advice without knowing a person's life circumstance?
  8. @ViralConfessionsOfficial [2 likes]: This is so important! Gotta protect our kids from the TikTok brain rot lol. 😅
  9. @Pie_8_7_4 [1 likes]: Garbage. It's destroying children. Never trust the people that make lots of money from sickness.
  10. @RegalLoki [1 likes]: I really appreciated how the video highlighted both the risks and the positive sides of social media use, that neutrality was refreshing. The idea of likes acting like social currency really stood out to me. It explains a lot about why teens feel pressure to curate their image.
  11. @teortega93 [1 likes]: I know that many social media platforms face this issue, but in the case of Threads, it’s currently overrun with kids under the age of 13. I don’t understand why the administrators or moderators of that app/platform/social network aren’t doing anything about it — even when these under-13 users are openly posting pictures of themselves and clearly stating that they’re under 13.
  12. @stevestarscream5182: Social media is a poisonous cancer… social media mental illness in kids is through the roof
  13. @SwankyOs: I like how positive this video was about social media, usually you’ll see an alarming video about how social media is portrayed as a bad thing but it was great seeing how in the beginning of the video, it was thought of as a platform and and a tool to utilize for communities and positive engagements.
  14. @CelinaParnell: Can this be used as my audio artifact?
Topic:depression 
Subtopic:The impact of social media
  15. @selocan469: Miss, it is grown ups who make bad decisions... I dare say more often than "sometimes". For teenagers, it is way worse
  16. @gracr.023: social media is bullshit
  17. @michaelbedford2993: It taught me just how deep the shallowness of humanity goes. The few practical things coming out of social media makes me wonder where the trillions are coming from if not finding out for toys r us what colour kirby your kid is most likely to buy.
  18. @cmlmonstar007: Socia media should be 18+
  19. @يومياتيمعأسرتي-ش5خ: Thanks 😊 👍
  20. @r.morris5589: There is nothing positive about the internet. It was design for information gathering, which is what I use it for, schooling he kids. Social Media stuff causes people to spend all their time online and not wit family or the real world.

- Is Social Media Hurting Your Mental Health? | Bailey Parnell | TEDxRyersonU: Kind: captions Language: en Translator: MARIA TIAKA Reviewer: Peter van de Ven I'm fat. Wow, I'm fat. She's only nineteen years old, what am I doing with my life? Hey! Two likes! Nice. Do I like this photo? Does she really need more likes? I hope I'm going to be invited to the wedding. One more like, nice! Welcome to the internal monologue of a typical social media scroll. A monologue that so many of us have every day, but we don't think about it, we don't talk about it. In fact, many of us can't even recognize it happening. I'm Bailey Parnell, and I will discuss the unintended consequences social media is having on your mental health. I will show you what's stressing you out every day, what it's doing to you, and how you can craft a better experience for yourself online. Just over a year ago, my sister and I took a four-day vacation to Jasper, Alberta. This was the first no-work vacation I had taken in four years. On this vacation, I was going dark. I was turning on airplane mode, no email and no social media. The first day there, I was still experiencing phantom vibration syndrome. That's where you think your phone went off, and you check and it didn't. I was checking incessantly. I was distracted in conversation. I was seeing these gorgeous sights Jasper had to offer, and my first reaction was to take out my phone and post it on social. But of course it wasn't there. The second day was a little bit easier. You might be thinking I'm ridiculous, but I hadn't been completely disconnected in over four years. This was practically a new experience again. It wasn't until the fourth day I was there that I was finally comfortable without my phone. I was sitting with my sister, literally on the side of this mountain, when I started thinking to myself: "What is social media doing to me? What is it doing to my peers?" That was only four days, and it was anxiety-inducing, it was stressful and it resulted in withdrawals. That's when I started to ask questions and have since started my master's research into this subject. I've worked in social marketing primarily in higher education for most of my career. That means I work with a lot of 18- to 24-year-olds, which also happens to be the most active demographic on social media. The other thing you need to know about me is that I'm young enough to have grown up with social media, but just old enough to be able to critically engage with it in a way that twelve-year-old me probably couldn't. My life is social media: personally, professionally and academically. If it was doing this to me, what was it doing to everyone else? I immediately found out I wasn't alone. The center for collegiate mental health found that the top three diagnoses on University campuses are anxiety, depression and stress. Numerous studies from the US, Canada, the UK, you name it, have linked this high social media use with these high levels of anxiety and depression. But the scary thing is that high social media use is almost everyone I know: my friends, my family, my colleagues. 90% of 18- to 29-year-olds are on social media. We spend on average two hours a day there. We don't even eat for two hours a day. 70% of the Canadian population is on social media. Our voter turnout isn't even 70%. Anything we do this often is worthy of critical observation. Anything we spend this much time doing has lasting effects on us. So let me introduce you to four of the most common stressors on social media, that if go unchecked have potential to become full-blown mental health issues, and this is by no means an exhaustive list. Number one: the Highlight Reel. Just like in sports, the highlight reel is a collection of the best and brightest moments. Social media is our personal highlight reel. It's where we put up our wins, or when we look great, or when we are out with friends and family. But we struggle with insecurity because we compare our behind-the-scenes with everyone else's highlight reels. We are constantly comparing ourselves to others. Yes, this was happening before social media, with TV and celebrity, but now it's happening all the time, and it's directly linked to you. A perfect example I came across in preparation for this talk is my friend on vacation: 'brb, nap ...' (Laughter) 'Wait, why can't I afford a vacation? Why am I just sitting here in my PJ's watching Netflix? I want to be on a beach.' Here's the thing, I know her very well. I knew this was out of the ordinary for her. I knew she was typically drowning in schoolwork. But we think, 'Who wants to see that?' The highlights are what people want to see. In fact, when your highlights do well, you encounter the second stressor on social media. Which is number two: Social Currency. Just like the dollar, a currency is literally something we use to attribute value to a good or service. In social media, these likes, the comments, the shares have become this form of social currency by which we attribute value to something. In marketing, we call it the 'Economy of Attention'. Everything is competing for your attention, and when you give something a like or a piece of that finite attention, it becomes a recorded transaction attributing value. Which is great if you are selling albums or clothing. The problem is that in our social media, [WE are the product.] We are letting others attribute value to us. You know someone or are someone that has taken down a photo because it didn't take as many likes as you thought it would. I'll admit, I've been right there with you. We took our product off the shelf because it wasn't selling fast enough. This is changing our sense of identity. We are tying up our self-worth of what others think about us and then we are quantifying it for everyone to see. And we are obsessed. We have to get that selfie just right, and we will take 300 photos to make sure. Then we will wait for the perfect time to post. We are so obsessed we have biological responses when we can't participate. Which leads me to the third stressor on social media. Number three: F.O.M.O. It's a light phrase we've all thrown around. F.O.M.O., or the 'fear of missing out', is an actual social anxiety from the fear that you are missing a potential connection, event, or opportunity. A collection of Canadian Universities found that 7/10 students said they would get rid of their social networking accounts if it were not for fear of being left 'out of the loop'. Out of curiosity, how many people here have, or have considered deactivating your social. That's almost everyone. That F.O.M.O. you feel, the highlight reels, the social currency, those are all results of a relatively 'normal' social media experience. But what if going on social every day was a terrifying experience? Where you not just question your self-worth but you question your safety? Perhaps the worst stressor on social media is number four: Online Harassment. 40% of online adults have experienced online harassment. 73% have witnessed it. The unfortunate reality is that it is much worse and much more likely if you are a woman, LGBTQ, a person of color, muslim - I think you get the point. The problem is that in the news we are seeing these big stories: The 18-year-old Tyler Clementi, who took his life after his roommate secretly filmed him kissing another guy and outed him on Twitter. We see women like Anita Sarkeesian being close to shamed of the internet and sent death and rape threats for sharing their feminism. We see these stories once it is too late. What about the everyday online harassment? What about that ugly snapchat you sent your friend with the intention of it being private, and now it is up on Facebook? 'And so? It's just one photo, it's funny.' 'Just one mean comment, not a big deal.' But when these micro moments happen over and over again, over time, that's when we have a macro problem. We have to recognize these everyday instances as well. Because if they go unchecked and the effects unnoticed, we are going to have many more Tyler Clementis. The effects are not always easy to recognise. How many of you have noticed the notifications at the top of my screen? How many of you, like me, are bothered that they're not checked? Ok, let me check them for you. (Sighs) Okay! Just one small example of what this can do to you. Maybe you simply cannot focus because your notifications are going off the handle, and you need to check. That need, eventually becomes addiction. Regarding social media, we are already experiencing impairment similar to substance dependencies. With every like, you get a shot of that feel-good chemical, dopamine. You gain more of that social currency. So what do we do to feel good? We check likes - just one more time. We post - just one more time. We are anxious if we do not have access. Doesn't that sound like every drug you have ever heard of? Yeah! So when that grows, when your social media use goes unconfronted overtime, that's when we see the rising levels of anxiety and depression: the F.O.M.O. the distractions, the highlight reels, the comparisons; It's a lot, and it's all the time! The Canadian Association of Mental Health found that grades 7-12 students who spent two hours a day on social media reported higher levels of anxiety, depression and suicidal thoughts. For those of you doing the math, that's as young as twelve years old. Here is the thing, I like social media. I do, I love it. Hearing what I've said today might make you think I want you to get off of it. But I don't. I don't think it's going anywhere, so I'm not going to waste my time telling you to spend less time Frankly, I don't think absence is an option anymore. But that does not mean you can't practice 'safe social'. Everything I have talked about today has nothing and everything to do with social media. I mean, social media is neither good nor bad. It's just the most recent tool we use to do what we have always done: tell stories and communicate with each other. You wouldn't blame Samsung Television for a bad TV show. Twitter doesn't make people write hateful posts. When we talk about this dark side of social media, what we really talk about is the dark side of people. That dark side that makes harassers harass; that insecurity that makes you take down a photo you were excited to share. That dark side that looks at a picture of a happy family and wonders why yours does not look like that. So as parents, as educators, as friends, as bosses this dark side is what we need to focus on. We need preventative strategies and coping strategies so that when you have your low days - because you will - when you're questioning your self-worth, you never get as low as Tyler Clementi - and the many others like him. 'OK, Bailey, how do you find social media wellness?' Here's the good news: Recognising a problem is the first step to fixing it. So hearing this talk is just that, step one: recognise the problem. You know the power of suggestion, when someone tells you about something and you start seeing it everywhere. That's why awareness is critical. Because now you will at least be better able to recognise these effects if and when they happen to you. The second thing you are going to do is audit your social media diet. The same way we monitor what goes into our mouth, monitor whatever goes into your head and heart. Ask yourself: 'Did that Facebook scroll make me feel better or worse off?' 'How many times do I actually check likes?' 'Why am I responding this way to that photo?' Then ask yourself if you are happy with the results. You might be and that's OK! But if you're not, move on to step three. Create a better online experience. After my partner did his audit, he realised his self-worth was too tied up in social media, but particularly celebrities reminding him of the things he didn't have. So he unfollowed all brands and all celebrities. That worked for him. But it might not be celebrities for you. For me, I had to purge other people off my timeline. Let me tell you a secret. You do not have to follow your 'friends'. The truth is that sometimes our friends, or the people we have on Facebook as a courtesy, they just suck online! You find yourself in this passive-aggressive status war you didn't even know was happening. Or you are looking at 50 photos of the same concert from the same angle. If you want to follow artists, or comedians, or cats, you can do that. The last thing you will do is model good behaviour. Offline we are taught not to bully other kids in the playground. We are taught to respect others and treat them how they deserve. We are taught not to kick others when they are down, or take pleasure in their downfalls. Social media is a tool. A tool that can be used for good, for more positive groups, for revolutions, for putting grumpy cat in Disney movies. (Laughs) Internet is a weird place. Is social media hurting your mental health? The answer is: it doesn't have to. Social can tear you down, yes, or it can lift you up, where you leave feeling better off, or have an actual laugh-out-loud. Finally, I have 24 hours in a day, if I spend two of those hours on social media, then I want my experiences to be full of inspiration, laughs, motivation, and a whole lot of grumpy cat in Disney movies. Thank you. (Applause)

  Top Comments:
  1. @박혜원-h2d [7 likes]: One of the most impressive changes I have experienced after deleting my Instagram account is that I no longer take hundreds of pictures just to save one.
  2. @Albatross-hk8bx [1 likes]: Exactly there is a time when I see my fellow mates on social media enjoying their life and have a well settled job.  I Just think how lucky they are . and why I don't have these after working so hard It gives me depression then I ignore social media platforms. I got that fancy job then realized it cons so yeah social media just give us the bright side
  3. @BukharimaxamedNur [1 likes]: Who watched this vedio in 2025
  4. @mahboobehdayyani8338 [1 likes]: 🫶🏽
  5. @BenoReku [1 likes]: The committee organized a welcoming event for the mayor
  6. @sergiosalinas7840: Hi Parnell, thanks for this Ted Talk, It`s a really interesting subject you covered, and I agree with you it depends on us how social media could affect for good or for bad, so the best way as you mentioned is to be intentional and shift our experience of social media to one of inspiration and connection. Regards.
  7. @dianasalinas2981: There was one thing in particular that interested me in the video when the she is taking about the feelings of having social media and when you feel anxious or depressed because you only watch stories or posts about the lives of the people and you make a comparison with your live and that made me sense because it happens to me when I only watch this type of content on Tiktok or Instagram and that made me think of the reality of many people because you only watch one side of their life and is good when you separate and you try to not feeling sad because you don’t have it.
  8. @laurapaoladiazsalinas874: I noticed that at first the video show us that social media can cause stress, depression or anxiety but it depends on what time you are using social media bcz you can use it to follow the people you want to see or the content you want to enjoy, cause we are in a generation were you compare with the influencers life or also with our friends when they are doing something that its cool and then we can FOMO of not doing the same things as them, but I think that probably you must follow who you really care and use it for good
  9. @HamzaKhan-xl1fl: 10:18
  10. @LisbethF-l3q: What a beautiful speech! Thank you for sharing this :)
  11. @lzybonz: Idk why but I can go as long as I want without going on social media and I don't even think about it when I was little I was extremely addicted now I wouldn't even say I'm really addicted to it lol
  12. @HasanKoseogluOfficial: Briefly speech states that: ''Social media quietly reshapes the mind through highlight-reel comparison, converting likes and comments into social currency that distorts identity, fuels fear of missing out, exposes many to everyday online harassment, and drives dopamine-based addiction patterns such as phantom vibrations, compulsive checking, and withdrawal anxiety (a pattern especially dangerous for young users who spend hours each day), which explains why unchecked use now correlates with rising anxiety, depression, stress, distraction, and even suicidal thinking; the only durable response is to practice “safe social” by recognizing the problem, auditing how each scroll affects mood and self-worth, unfollowing brands, celebrities, and draining courtesy connections, curating content that elevates rather than erodes, and modeling offline respect so the same tool that weakens focus and dignity can instead cultivate clarity, humor, motivation, and genuine connection.''
  13. @SelmanUzun-ev4em: Deleting my social media accounts was something I'd been thinking about, and this video helped me make up my mind. I deleted all of them today-Instagram, Facebook, and X. Thanks.
  14. @CAT10Gigapult: i like men
  15. @corumbau: 2025
  16. @k.k8000: I got rid of mine and then came back later due to people I know passing and I only could find out through fb
  17. @litmasqueen: Life without social media is better because it's negative effort more than the positive, ppl start to compare their life with others without paying attention to themselves and their feelings and emotions , also addicts became introvert nd hav social anxiety bcz they don't have the ability to communicate with others.
  18. @jannagevorgyan7018: ։) 🎤
  19. @DaisySlayQueen-4ever: i only spend a  few minutes on facebook to check my texts and reply to them.
  20. @miChip-r1q: Lovely clarity and approachable rhythm; it’s easy to follow and try along I share tiny listening and speaking prompts as well and would love your guidance to improve.

- Reverse Selfie: Social Media's Impact on Girls' Self-Esteem | Dove: Kind: captions Language: en [Music starts] <i>♪</i> [Keyboard clicking] [Electronic 'swoosh' uploading sound] [Electronic 'soft clicks' editing sounds.] [Violin joins in] [Music continues apace] [Camera shutters] [Aerosol spraying] [Drop of liquid] [Girl's hair swishes] [Music subsides.] [Piano continues.] [Music stops]

  Top Comments:
  1. @saminarose80 [2 likes]: Couldn't you find a prettier girl! 😅 She is already astonishing with no makeup
  2. @KeshviDhore [1 likes]: tuff
  3. @andrewcorona1 [1 likes]: Who Is She At 0:46?
  4. @bogusianowocinska1990 [1 likes]: 😢koniec
  5. @DanielRoy-y9e [1 likes]: Beauty standards, 99% of the time are imposed by other women. Stop blaming boys, And point the finger at the carpet entities that peddle the unrealistic beauty standards,  and the social  media outlets that get paid billions to promote them.
WAKE UP PEOPLE!!!!!!
  6. @SaharNaheb-w6y [1 likes]: Thanks to @Dove for yet another ad that celebrates real bodies, keeps it honest, fresh, no filters. This campaign uses everyday folks, not airbrushed images, honestly, it makes a difference. This kind of portrayal can challenge damaging ideals about looks. 🎉❤
  7. @Tortaxx_4k [1 likes]: C'est trop triste ❤
  8. @NikolPeeva-i9t: Just be yourself
  9. @t-man5196: The inconvenient truth is that the unrealistic beauty standards in videos like these are also whats ruining girls self-esteem
  10. @HowtobeaSillybilly101: we watched this in my fifth grade sex ed.
-a freshman
  11. @cberg2731: World gets softer every year.
  12. @nicolaharbord392yyyguitaroiioo: What is your daughter searching for iiiiiiiiiiiiikkkkikkk
  13. @lupu1993: I stay off social media for my mental health because of this kind of stuff. Unfortunately that comes at a price since that's where most socialization seems to occur nowadays so then there's that sense of isolation. So it's a no win situation 😕
  14. @Music-tb3qc: Enjoy your childhood😢❤
  15. @PEREZARTEAGAISAACFRANCISCO: que
  16. @HazelDakins: Such a wholesome moment.
  17. @Tacos-or7fq: Salut je suis français donc salut
  18. @AlekzanderLong: I�ll definitely share this with friends.
  19. @matejmotuz108: The new dove adds made me go out of my way to look for more dove adds and discovering just how pretentious they are , company that sells chemicals for body doesn't care about your well being , don't be fooled
  20. @XjaocjjBxaicj: You always keep it interesting.

- Positive Effects of Social Media | Animation Explainer Template: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] in today's society social media has become a powerful and popular tool in people's daily life due to its wide coverage social media has millions and millions users in any part of the world the biggest and most useful function is that we can use them to chat and keep in touch with others we can post something that we want to share such as our feelings things that are gonna happen or had already happened of course we can view others moments too to find something funny to know what happened around you in the last few years social media has greatly changed the world of marketing enterprises use social media to showcase their brands build a good relationship with customer and drawing new sales social media makes life convenient lets people get reach to each other it certainly plays a great role for the success of each individual

  Top Comments:
  1. @KamioKazeharu [2 likes]: came across this vid while doing school project. this is easy to understand, people should be aware of the positive sides too.
  2. @20_laudyaazzahram.8 [1 likes]: easy to understand and cool
  3. @professorstaton4605: Whee are the closed captions?  not accessible by everyone.
  4. @Dibalikfakta_aja: Saya izin menggunakan untuk proyek saya, ya😊
  5. @nhatha08: 1. Các loại phương tiện truyền thông đại chúng là gì?

Truyền hình là một loại hình truyền thông đại chúng truyền thống. Nó phát sóng tin tức, chương trình giải trí, phim ảnh và các chương trình giáo dục thông qua các kênh truyền hình.

Internet là một loại phương tiện truyền thông đại chúng hiện đại. Nó cho phép mọi người truy cập tin tức, mạng xã hội, video, trang web và nhiều nền tảng trực tuyến khác mọi lúc mọi nơi.
  6. @starshine-m5q: permission to use this for school purpose only! Thank you 🩷
  7. @NimishaBharali: Can I use this video for my Dissertation?
  8. @joannasanpascual3028: Permission to use video
  9. @soumyamishra5006: Permission to use for my social media page actually this is my university project
  10. @PPTC.2024: How do i freaking downlad itt
  11. @chocolatte-z2v: great presentation, very easy to understand
  12. @naerabeom: Good video, simple and easy to understand
  13. @shwetagaonkar4774: Permission to use this for school project. Thank you !
  14. @itsmae.e_c: Permission to use this video, for school purposes.thank you.
  15. @Rosidah-h1t: Permission to use this video for project my school, thanks
  16. @FlexieRapirap: permission to use this video for school purposes only, thank you very much!❤
  17. @anjhanifellaramadhany4859: Permission to use this video for my school project. Thank youu!
  18. @clairepanal4829: Hello Sir/Ma'am! Good afternoon, I would like to ask for your permission to use this video for school activity/project and video presentation. Thankyou!
  19. @DavidjohnsonVareeka: Permission to use this video clip for academic purpose. Thank you
  20. @jeanobuga3864: permission to use this video for school project. Thank you!

- The Positive Impact Of Exercise On Mental Health: Kind: captions Language: en unfortunately stress is simply a part of life at one point or another you are going to experience stress figuring out ways to manage your stress is an important part of your college life exercise can be best described or defined as the beautiful movement of the body the practice of exercise in a person's life works to promote a sense of well-being and improve health meet sarah sarah is a 21-year-old nursing student with a heavy course load she recently visited her doctor and shared that she felt stressed out and overwhelmed about many things going on in her life her doctor encouraged her to see a counselor to address some of the things she was feeling a few weeks later sarah sat across her counselor who was also a personal trainer during the session sarah shared that before she started her current job she would go to class and exercise after once she started her job she found herself too tired to continue exercising sarah's counselor recommended that she pick three days a week to try to exercise for 30 minutes sarah decided she wanted to use this time to go on a brisk walk around campus and to try out yoga classes at the school gym after a few weeks of consistent exercising sarah began to feel physically stronger not only that she was able to rid herself of the midday tiredness spells and she felt less stressed and much happier throughout the day there are many benefits of exercising some of these benefits can lower stress blood pressure improve sleep and reduce the risk of depression there isn't one right way to exercise there are many different types and kinds of exercises that you can try you may find that you like biking or yoga or maybe you enjoy running or strength training finding ways to move your body in ways that you enjoy is key in lowering stress and gaining the many benefits of exercise

  Top Comments:
  1. @DAISY.576. [2 likes]: Very good!!
  2. @gemaa.7454 [2 likes]: I love this video
  3. @MattewSerrano-l4n: I'm here for a homework
  4. @StillMindStudioMentalHealth: nice
  5. @ashthemeowster: 💟
  6. @chlowiththeflow5565: Slay

- Move Your Body—Turn On Your Brain! | Jeff Galloway | TEDxJacksonville: Kind: captions Language: en I want to start with a question. How many of you are looking forward as the decades go by to having less energy and more brain fog? I don't see many hands out there, but I will tell you that a lot of the people that I speak with in my work believe that this is inevitable. Good news, it's not inevitable. As a matter of fact, you have a great deal of control over maintaining the energy in your life and your mental sharpness. And as a matter of fact, if you engage in an activity that was embedded in you by your ancient ancestors, exercise, you can even grow new brain cells at any age. Take Don McNell for example. Here's a picture of Don in his late 80s in the exuberant feeling after finishing one of his 744 marathons. Now, a marathon is 26.2 2 miles. I interviewed Don when he was in his uh 85th year and that year he added 29 new marathons to his total. But the most impressive thing about Dime was his mental sharpness and his energy level which were as good as any 30year-old that I would ma meet. And I want to be like Don when I grow up. So here's another story. about a fat lazy kid. Me. Yeah. A lot of people assume that since I ran in the Olympics that uh when I was in school, I would run circles around the kids on the playground, but that was not the case. When I was 13 years old, my family moved from Green Cove Springs, Florida to Atlanta. I had attended 13 schools during my first seven years. and my academic uh background was very spotty. In addition to that, uh I had never gotten into any regular physical activity. Uh but I was going to be attending for my 14th school, a very competitive pressurized prep school where we were moving. And I was really afraid more about the physical activity because that new school required all boys to go out for strenuous athletics after school. I had no skills. I had no conditioning and I was way overweight. Well, I fell in first with a couple of kids who were lazy and I tapped into their intel. And and what it was is that during the winter quarter, you go out for cross country because the cross country coach was the most lenient in the school and you could lie to him. You could tell him that you're going to run on the trails in the woods when all you did is jog to the woods and hide out. And and that's exactly what I did the first week. But then an older kid who had watched me do this busted me and came up to me and said, "Galloway, you're running with us today." And I knew they were real runners, so I had my strategy in place. I was going to reach the edge of the woods, grab my hamstring, and let them go. But they were funny. And then they started telling jokes about some of the other friends that were there. And and it was all interactive in nature. and fun. And then they started telling gossip about the other kids. Well, I didn't make it very far that first day, but each day I tried to go a little bit farther. But three things happened very quickly. First of all, even when I was physically exhausted, I felt better in my head and in my spirit than I had ever felt. Secondly, having been the new kid in class 13 different times, I had found it very difficult to break into the clicks at these schools. From the very first run that I took with these cross-country kids, they opened their world to me. I was accepted. I I was trusted. Uh I was supported and and given advice on what I could do to get better. We were all in this as a team. And that totally changed my life. But another and third major area of change was I was struggling academically. Actually, that's a euphemism. I was at the bottom of my class and uh I was studying long hours. I just wasn't focused. But on those runs with the cross country kids, most of whom were on the academic honor role, I discovered that I was as smart as they were. I had the reasoning power that they did. It totally reset my expectations about myself and I too found my way on the honor role. But there were two questions that started then that propelled my work in this whole area of motivating people and empowering people. The first one was, how could after all day long of stress building up, how could 10 minutes into the run, my stress would be gone? The second question was even on the days when I was really wiped out after workouts, which were most of those workouts, I could go home facing a pile of homework, very, very hard homework, and I could focus on it. I could learn better, and I would get better grades, far better than I did before I started this whole exercise program. What was going on? on. So I started researching, I started studying and what ended up being the product of all of that is my book mental training and I accessed a number of key experts in the field and here they are. I totally recommend their works, their research and the articles that they have written. But I'll have to tell you after going through all of them and and other experts, the research on the brain didn't really get started until the 1990s when safe brain scanning devices were developed to be able to see what parts of the brain were turned on and also which circuits in the brain were turned on and finally which brain hormones were induced in order to create uh certain situations. And it was discovered early on that exercise turns on the circuits for a better attitude, for more vitality, and for personal empowerment better than any other type of activity. Now, I knew that that that was no surprise to me, but it certainly has been a surprise to a lot of beginners. The area of research though that surprised the experts was that the part of the brain that was turned on for greatest benefit was an area called the hippocampus. The hippocampus is a critical thinking area of the brain. It's where learning occurs, where memory takes place, and where new growth of brain cells occurs. And of course, that's particularly important for those who may have destroyed some brain cells earlier in life. So, there are huge benefits mentally to exercise. And the studies continue to come out every year. Three recent studies show there's a 20% boost in learning vocabulary words after a workout as opposed to before a workout. that a person that starts to run three days later has hundreds of thousands of new brain cells and in memory test exercisers tend to score twice the scores of nonex exercisers. So there's huge benefits going on here. But what was it in our evolutionary past that caused the connection of exercise and learning and brain activity? Well, it started six million years ago. Our ancestors who were chimpanzees by DNA evidence um experienced an energy crisis in which a climate change resulted in less food supply. And so the primates that became our ancestors started moving started going farther uh on a day-to-day basis. And in the process uh they found that the brain that they started out with the the chimpanzee brain was not ready for all of the new challenges that they had to try to find new food to process new food uh to remember how to get back to where they started from and on and on all types of new challenges. So our ancestors starting 6 million years ago started the development of the human brain. It's an entirely different entity than the chimpanzeee brain which we still have. The human brain allows us to size up a situation to set up a strategy and then to move step by step towards whatever it is that we want to do. And as a result of the exercise, you're going to find the human brain turned on more and you can tend to stay in the control of the human brain, which is then going to get you away from the negative hormones that can be produced by the chimpanzee brain. So you have a great deal of control over your motivation as you move forward. But just remember, it was exercise that actually developed our human brain which makes us different than animals are. So a lot of you may now feel that exercise is probably a good thing. Raise your hand if you think that exercise might be a good thing for you. Yeah. Yeah. But how many of you are thinking, "Yeah, but it's going to hurt or I'm going to be exhausted or I'm going to puke." So any any of those. Well, I'm going to take away that excuse because it never has to hurt. You can start with gentle walking for 5 to 10 minutes. You can do that. And then you can increase every other day by three more minutes until you get up to the 30 minute threshold where these marvelous brain benefits are shown to occur. So you have an opportunity without puking and I'm against puking by the way to be able to make some major changes in your brain and in your life as a result. So now comes the fun part of my talk. It's the pep talk. First of all, remember that our human brain developed due to exercise. So, we're going back to our roots when we do this. And that when we exercise, we turn on the brain for better learning, for better memory and new growth of brain cells at any age. I'm not going to let those of you past a certain age get off the hook on this. You're going to still continue to grow new brain cells. You will also when you exercise turn on the circuits for a better attitude, for more vitality, and for personal empowerment that will keep changing your life for the better as things go by. And finally, exercise has been shown to take the stress hormones that start to build up and neutralize them. And when you need a pep up and you get in on your workout, you get going on your workout, you're going to rev up the pep up hormones there. So your body has a natural way of taking care of itself. So now is the time. Move your body and turn on your brain. Thank you. [Applause]

  Top Comments:
  1. @luluvalencia1881 [23 likes]: Ive been going on consistent runs for 2 months now and I’ve noticed my moods better, I feel more awake, and I have better grades. I’m never stopping
  2. @pumpkinhillhouse [8 likes]: I agree with this except I didnt evolve from a MONKEY... Im GOD MADE
  3. @timothyayomideogedengbe8295 [5 likes]: Good video but! My ancestor was not a chimpanzee please! Total lie. My ancestor was Man. Thank you!
  4. @156fish [4 likes]: People seem so smart but then they lose it. God gave you a mind to see that the world around you came to be in 6 days! God spoke it to existence.
Evolution assumes that we came from a rock..but where did the rock come from? It takes more faith to believe that nonses then believing in God.
Zero times billions of years always remains ZERO.
  5. @DianaRoseMLuspo [3 likes]: Thank you for this Sir Jeff!
  6. @SimplicityForGood [2 likes]: is not DNA evidence, but DNA similarities.. but ok... is no fact at all...
  7. @jfitch1112 [2 likes]: Thank you, Jeff Galloway!  You may be the most influential person in the history of running; thank you for your influence and for sharing your wisdom and experience.
I had the pleasure and privilege of running with Don McNelly on a few occasions.  I still have a photo of him hanging over my desk with the word "Courage" beneath it.  He was truly amazing and a joy to spend time with.
  8. @sebastian3358spawn [2 likes]: Watching this on 2x makes it ok
  9. @moremoney2 [1 likes]: I am following a Jeff Galloway training plan with Garmin.  I like his technics, but not his philosophy.  I thank my God and creator that I am back to running and have lost 18lbs in 15 months.  Physical strength and mental clarity are real results.
  10. @enterprise339 [1 likes]: Jeff needs God in his life
  11. @VietBotPDX [1 likes]: This is in Jacksonville? BORTLES!!!!
  12. @MrAnecro: He died today
  13. @gm7304: I was a high school burnout. Today I'm going on 5 years whole foods.
  14. @brendahornung1990: Looking forward to running again!  Especially using Run Walk method
  15. @enterprise339: Jeff Ed’s God in his life as well as exercise ( the former chimp)
  16. @deyongutube: Chimps were not our ancestors :(( 8:31 as you stated!
  17. @allanc8378: Jeff’s right, I guarantee it👍
  18. @PeepalBaba-Givemetrees: wow.... nice ☘️☘️
  19. @be_hope_dk6547: THANK YOU!!!! _/|\_
<3
  20. @pegchoshe9622: “I want to be like Dawn when I grow up”

- Meet The Godfather of YouTube Strategy (Paddy Galloway Interview): Kind: captions Language: en I can't say it enough like I'd be blue in the face saying this until I think the day I die is like the idea is more important than everything that's Patty Galloway the most sought after YouTube strategist in the world he's worked with clients like Mr Beast jesser Ryan Trahan Noah Kagan all in all his clients do 750 million views per month and that's because Patty puts most of his Focus where other creators don't how much time he spent some ideas they're like oh yeah I think about it when I walk around that I have like a brainstorm session once a week let's just say you got 40 hours a typical work week you're spending one hour of that time on the actual most important thing so in this episode we're talking about what makes a great video idea how to develop great titles and thumbnails why it's better to take a few big swings rather than a lot of small swings and why you should be spending more time in pre-production what is step one of like how the best of the best are planning videos and and going all the way through to publish time application I think a huge amount of it comes down to where they're actually allocating their time in the video making process the biggest sort of Paradigm Shift when I go into a channel is reallocating Time towards ideas and towards thumbnails and towards packaging that idea to begin with I just can't say how I can't say it enough like I'll be viewing the face saying this until I think the day I die is like you know the idea is more important than everything now of course you could have a great idea if you don't execute it it's not it's no longer a great idea but the idea itself is almost like sets the standard of what this video could become is this going to be a 50k view video is this going to be a five minute view video that idea to begin with is so important and yet when I do a sort of analysis on a channel let's say 100K subscribers I say how much time I spends on ideas they're like oh yeah I think about it when I walk around uh I have like a brainstorm session once a week and I'm like okay so you spend hour of actually intentional time coming up with ideas per week let's say you've got conservative conservative be 40 hours in a week of course we both know a lot of YouTubers work a lot more than that but let's just say you got 40 hours a hour of that time on the actual most important thing the first step is usually trying to instill this new sort of philosophy and culture towards making content where I like to really analyze what we make how we make it what's the rationale behind making a specific idea in the first place some people don't like that and I completely understand that because I always think there should be some level of like oh this is just fun let's just do it you know there should still be like room there should like be a quota for experiments and Innovation and just like doing something for the hell of it because we feel like it like that's completely fine with me but for the majority of the content if the goal is purely to grow on YouTube and this is like another another conversation we get into like what the goal is because I find a lot of people are like my goal is growth at all costs and then you say well you need to think a lot more about your ideas and like no that's silly I just want to do whatever I want to make you know so there's like a lot of different forces at play but realistically I would go into a channel I would just say okay we need a better system for coming up with ideas once we come up with those ideas we need a better system in how we're actually packaging those ideas and if we can't package an idea so what I mean by package is basically tight lymphoma if we count title and thumb on an idea that can be clickable for our audience it's not an idea anymore we just scrap it and I get this all the time you know I've got this amazing idea it's gonna be so funny I just can't take away the thumbnail there and I'm like well then it's not a good it's not a good YouTube idea unfortunately it needs to take that box it needs to be a great idea it needs to be very clickable we need to be able to make a clear thumbnail around it then after that like the actual planning of the video as well before we sit down and shoot it like what is the intro going to be could we write out three or four different introversions record them listen to them back decide which is the best one to shoot on the day etc etc so I think a lot of the first thing I do with the channel is just look at the pre-production side of things before the actual production and then I'll obviously I'll go in and I'll see what is their actual content like you know what are they like on camera how is there um you know pacing in the video even just looking through the retention curves on their Channel like is there any obvious retention danger zones that they just consistently lose viewers the sort of typical stuff that a lot of people hear with YouTube analysis but I think the thing that definitely sets me apart is that extreme focus on the idea Thailand from now to begin with what makes an idea a great idea or something that makes you think okay that goes on the maybe pile at least the biggest thing for me is establishing like a Criterion of what that idea is so to kind of expand on that like let's just say your criteria is this video has to excite us because I don't think we should make videos that we don't are not excited about just because it could get views and the reasons to do it is this video feasible that could be another thing part of their criteria so you need ticks in both those boxes so yes we can pull this off and yes we're excited to do it do we have evidence that this video could get x amount of views so let's just say your goal is to get a hundred thousand views do we have evidence that this video could get a hundred thousand views now that's the first box in the criteria that doesn't have to be ticked but ideally we should be able to look around and say well we've done something like this in the Parsons work well so yes or we've seen other channels experiment with similar ideas that have done well so yes the reason it doesn't always have to be ticked is because sometimes you can predict and you sort of just go with an idea because there's not much evidence on it but you still want to give yourself that quota like I talked about for experimenting and trying new things which is important because you know with some of the ideas Mr Beast has posted over the last year you know he can't really go around and look at a huge amount of other people who've done similar who else gave away an island yeah there's someone else giving away Island yeah and do we even update on this you know it's gonna be kind of hard to find that data so uh yeah it's it's a important to have like a criteria like that there could be other things like can we think of the clickable thumbnail being part of the criteria which actually just decides If Video should proceed of course but I think the biggest one the thing I've been leading up to is just looking at the idea and saying does this have appeal in a wide percentage of my audience so if you think about your channel as this big potential pool of viewers and you can break them up into like you know you got your core viewers you've got the casuals who kind of dip in dip out you've got the new viewers that haven't seen your content before with our potential good Target viewers for your channel I like to look at an idea and just put it through this sort of like lens of saying does my core like this does it also appeal to a new audience and a casual audience because all too often I see people that just Pander to the core and what happens then is you just end up making videos that just get as many views as your core and you're not really in a good growth stage and then I see other people that just make videos for new viewers so they're constantly trying to attract that new audience and they have no longevity they have no through line on their Channel they're just jumping around on Trends without building any actual clear strategy over the long term so the core viewers feel neglected and when I think about the channels that I've gone into and have the most impact it's always been that case of saying well what do our core like what about what our core like can we make into bigger ideas let's take an example like jesser who's the basketball Channel I've worked with I go in and I look at his channel he was doing sort of for 300 400 000 views of video he'd been a bit bigger in the past but he was down on a bit of a downward Trend I look at those videos I'm like okay these are okay but what does our audience like they love basketball so we can make basketball game videos but how do we go bigger how do we make an idea that's not just interesting to people that love Jess or love his whole world of community built up so that's when we came up with some different ideas which went on to perform 510 million view plus because those ideas just penetrated Beyond just the core they had that sort of casual white appeal I always say with my content of my personal Channel I always say I want to make a video that a YouTuber with 500 subscribers will find really useful a YouTuber with no subscribers who has no idea what the platform is even about will find useful um a video that Mr Beast could watch and still say that was pretty interesting you're probably like yeah I knew this but it's kind of interesting and also a video that my mother could watch and say oh that was pretty interesting so that can sometimes put you in a weird position because you're trying to Pander to everyone so I think there is like a counter point to that but at least for the content that I make and my child it really helps because I just look at it and say how can I make something that's just widely interesting to as many viewers as possible and it really helps after a quick break Patty and I talk about packaging videos with great titles and thumbnails so stick around and we'll be right back if you've been following me for a while you know how much I believe in memberships as a product for creators like you and me earning an income directly from your audience is one of the most sustainable ways to become a professional Creator so I want to tell you about today's sponsor you screen uscreen is a beautiful all-in-one platform that lets content creators earn a living from their videos online you can host private live streams for your members sell courses even get your own Branded TV and mobile apps seriously people can watch your video content on an app on their TV just like Netflix and the best part that means unlocking predictable recurring Revenue whether you screen account you get video hosting and out of the box website full payment and subscription management a lot of other built-in tools and plenty of third-party Integrations too and you screen makes it easy to get set up you get access to powerful website themes designed to monetize videos it's a quick setup and fully brandable with no coding skills required just about anyone that wants to make money from their content can do it with you screen it's perfect for coaches authors influencers and entrepreneurs in just about any Niche right now you screen is being used by creators in Fitness education news music teachers kids entertainment and more that includes yoga with Adrian and Creator now just to name a couple you screen is the platform for building a video membership site that is great for generating a sustainable income stream if you create video content for your audience I highly recommend checking it out if you're interested in learning more about you screen check out the link in the description I want to talk about the concept of packaging because this is something that until I went through your fantastic accelerator I hadn't thought about the concept of packaging which I want to talk about how that applies to YouTube specifically but as you're listening to this I want you guys to think about packaging even outside of YouTube I think packaging is such an useful such a useful concept that I want to spend some time here can you explain what packaging is for a video on YouTube I like to think of YouTube as a game of clicks and watches so a lot of people again they in terms of their time allocation but also in terms of what they wait as important in their mind they will put all the emphasis on the actual content now that's important and I would still say that is the most important thing like good content is obviously the most important thing you can succeed on YouTube with like kind of mediocre thumbnails sometimes if your content is just exceptional then it just penetrates through and people just watch and share we see so many examples that have kind of channels that don't have the best on those but because their content is just phenomenal they still perform whereas it's kind of rare to see someone who makes terrible content do well just because they've got good thumbnails I'm sure people in the comments will call me out on that and say countless examples but I think in general let's find it let's find those examples yeah sure that's how I view it um but with that said though the thumbnail itself like even if we were to just conservatively say like okay the The Click part of that equation so if YouTube is clicking and watching let's just say the click part of that equation is basically 40 of it 40 of what's important for YouTube again just like with time allocation even with how people deem as how important this is it's still something that is given like three percent five percent six percent weighting instead of maybe 30 or 40 like it should deserve so again I talk to people and you know they'll go shoot an incredible piece of content they'll spend maybe days maybe even weeks making this piece of content and they're making the thumbnail an hour before the video goes live so packaging for me is just that whole psychology around thinking of what we can put in front of the viewer that's going to make them click on this video in terms of coming up with a good title and thumbnail like for tile there's a few best practices for me it's always keeping it really simple people sometimes confuse simple and short I do have a preference for short titles but sometimes you can have a title that's a little bit longer but if it's still really simple and easy to read that's important and that can still work so I Look to look at titles that are really simple really readable like think about people at all different sort of reading levels but also all different languages because realistically you're going to get viewers from you know other countries other places that English might not be their first language if you go on to any big American channel that has a primarily us-based audience let's just say they have 60 percent of Their audience in America now of course you might add on a bit of Canada a bit of like the UK a bit of Australia they could have 20 or 30 or more viewers that are potentially watching from India from other countries from Africa from obviously South America is a big audience as well so like there's all these different viewers potentially out there so I always kind of when I see a title that's like using complicated words or it's just deliberately like difficult to read or too vague I always like get red flags I want to see something that's really simple easy straight to the point I like to use really Punchy language and titles generally speaking like let's just take my channel as an example of it I'm not sort of going hey here's why Mr Beast is really cool you should watch this video it's very much like how Mr Beast broke YouTube and it always kind of stood to me because I had a friend that was really into journalism and he just looked at my channel from completely on the outside as like a complete like you know non-youtube viewer I don't think he even watched YouTube very much and he just goes you know what Patty like your titles are just great because they're just Punchy they're straight to the point there's no vagueness you're not trying to be clever with a pun you're just saying how Mark Grover beat the algorithm how Mr Beast blew up his Channel or whatever it might be the jesser example of the channel I work with one of our videos from last year that did really well was going to five NBA games in 50 hours we didn't over complicate it we didn't say I went to five NBA games in 50 hours and it was really difficult to exclamation mark exclamation mark it's just straight to the point very matter of fact pragmatic language and that's generally my preference for tiles I will say it does change a little bit based on audience and based on gender even I actually see that female viewers sometimes do prefer a slightly different titling style towards male viewers sometimes a bit longer sometimes a little lowercase whereas quite often the male viewers like a very like pointy in your face thing that's a bit of a generalization but generally I I do see that as a trend but yeah trying to keep it relatively short most of the best titles I've I've put together in my life with clients are usually 50 characters or under and sometimes 60 characters under but generally 50 characters are under and really thinking about Universal easy to understand words then in terms of thumbnails for me like the thumbnail is very kind of open the whole world of best practices around thumbnails is very open to interpretation I don't think there's a general like this is the only way to make a phone because it does definitely depend on the audience the first thing I would say is a thumbnail to me is at least 80 maybe 90 percent the psychology of the click and then maybe 10 20 the actual design of the thumbnail what does that mean I'll explain so let's just take the mark Rober example so Mark Rober has this done now where he's testing if sharks can smell blood in in water a thumbnail like that doesn't take very long to design it's pretty easy to actually put that together it's very natural it's using natural colors and lighting but it has a really interesting scenario you see the shark behind this person with his hand side in front of the camera and that creates like this really interesting like psychological reason to click you're not clicking because the colors are gray you're clicking because there's a really interesting psychological angle of someone about to get attacked potentially by a shark so if you look at the best performing thumbnails on YouTube sure they're well designed but it's usually because they're showing something really interesting and really like a situation about to unfold a dangerous thing about to happen a really unbelievable object or item that no one's ever seen before a tiny cell phone a massive cell phone these different things what is actually being shown in the thumbnail is so much more important thing to design not saying design is an important you know color theory making sure things are clean obvious easy to see just like a title like your thumbnail should be easy to actually process I should be able to see it in just a glance I call it the glance test I'll often just like put a thumbnail in front of me then I'll scroll by really quickly and just make sure that while it's in front of me I can see everything that's happening I can read the text I can understand the image in just a glance of a second or two as opposed to having to like look at it and take too long to to watch it or to understand it we all edit thumbnails on you know I've got a 4k monitor in front of me big widescreen when I'm making a thumbnail on this computer I have all this real estate I'm looking at it for hours I'm tweaking things and doing things and this is the same for anyone that makes thumbnails or designers that make thumbnails for clients as well we're looking on this massive screen whereas a YouTuber sees it just for a split second so being able to like glance at it and understand it immediately is really important so for me it's really about the thing we're showing more than how we're showing it if that makes sense that thumbnail example you just gave has no text on it your Channel all the thumbnails almost have text on it what's the role of text in a thumbnail what are the rules you have around that I don't think there's necessarily the only hard rules I would say is in general I would stay away from having over five or six words so if you look at the the thumbnails online Channel generally it's like two or three words maybe four it's like how how he beat YouTube or the kid who broke the YouTube algorithm or whatever so it's generally quite short in terms of text versus no text I have a bit of a pet peeve when I see people say never use text if you use text it's almost a failure because I think for certain channels text doesn't add a lot if you remove the text from my thumbnails for example they just end up feeling quite empty because there's no action because my thumbnails are all commentary videos video essays on YouTubers you take that Mark Rober example with the shark if he adds text in there it just makes it busier like it doesn't need to be busier it's the actual action of the concept that is everything and it's super easy to understand like imagine he just pointed out with an arrow shot you know it would just like create this like City business to the image it wouldn't feel as natural and like raw as it's supposed to come across think about can we show like if we could ideally show the action of the video without text I would usually have a preference to it and but for a lot of channels that operate more in let's say commentary education tech reviews stuff like that I think the text does add quite a lot so it does depend on the channel I'm hearing you say action and I'm thinking about tension and open Loops are these the same thing in your mind are you intentionally saying action versus like oh there's clearly tension in this thumbnail or there's an open loop here that you want to close for me the action example is more pertinent to entertainment channels so the channels that are focusing on like showing you something really cool and it's in action and like things are happening like there's a shark creeping up on Mark Rober uh Mr Beast is like hanging out the side of a helicopter with a massive Island beside them so the the sort of natural sort of focus of the the thumber is of action it is of a thing appearing and happening but a lot of YouTube content is talking head a lot of YouTube content is commentary so for videos that are like that it's much harder to to sort of promote action in the thumbnail so ones like that I think more about yeah like how could we open a curiosity Loop how could we like you know create a thumbnail or maybe you're just holding up a laptop and you've just got text beside that laptop that says waste of money so then immediately you're like oh why was it a waste of money that's like a very dramatic statement that's immediately going to grab your attention so I do think yeah action is more focused for me when I think about entertainment channels so like if you're an entertainment Channel like you know you're supposed to be entertaining people you're supposed to be showing things that are interesting and cool and happening and real and alive and IRL in real life versus maybe a commentary Channel a review Channel a talking head Channel an education Channel you're likely going to be making your videos in your bedroom so the action is sometimes harder to get across the viewer with that said though I saw this still not reasoning from someone who was going through these different AI tools that he thinks are really effective he could have quite easily made the thumbnail like a picture of his face pointing out like a logo of one of the tools and it wouldn't have been that in action but instead he went for a version where he was on a keyboard he created this like motion blur effect around him as if he was like in the the movie limited or Limitless so like he's like does whoa things are happening like it's going and the little logos from the software were like twirling around as well and it just looked like an action-packed video even though it was still like a listical talking head type content so maybe there are ways you can create action in thumbnails even if there isn't that much happening in the video to still like kind of to me it's about portraying the feeling that you're trying to give the viewer and it's portraying what the video is supposed to be delivering so you know if you're giving if you're saying Five Habits to become more healthy in your title uh which no one did that video very generic probably a terrible title but let's just say you're doing that video I would still look and say well you know we could just have our face with five habits beside it or we could actually be doing one of the habits because even though that's a maybe more relaxed video it's not really an entertainment video I'm assuming if you're talking about habits you're probably gonna be showing yourself with some b-roll of doing those habits so maybe it's you in the cold shower maybe it's you at the table eating an apple or whatever it might be so there are ways to promote action in thumbnails even when there's not that much stuff happening in the video if I have an idea that I think has precedent for having a lot of views it's a good idea I'm excited about it before I actually go to publish this thing how many title variants do you think I should have how many thumbnail variants do you think I should have or should I pick the best one of each and and go out with that in terms of title variations because titles are just so easy to write at least I find and then now with chat GPT it's even easier to come with variations if anyone doesn't know just give it give it a title and say give me variations of this YouTube tile and then say make it shorter or add more emotion or add a word like this in the title and you would just get an infinite amount of variations so for title variations I do quite often find that myself and clients go through a lot for a single video like there is one specific client where a recent video we had 45 or 46 different type of variations for one 10 minute video and that just came down to like what's the best title okay let's look at that tile that's pretty good how about this how about we shorten it how about we add this word is this a better adjective than this adjective if we put it in charge EBT what words does chat GPT think we should be using for this title and we just went down this Rabbit Hole of continually going through it and then what you do is you just zoom out you look at the the craziness that you've put together where there's probably titles on that page that make no sense and aren't even proper English you eliminate all the ones that don't work and then you just look and you're probably left with four or five really good variations um and then you go from there and just pick the one that you feel that has the best potential for your channel if I'm doing this title game and I come up with 30 and it's me and maybe a team member but we don't have Patty Galloway in our Corner how how do we narrow that down like what what should we be looking for to have a sense of okay these are the three best or even the the first best we feel better best about consensus between the team I think is important like just asking people like which do you think is most interesting some of it is going to come down to subjectivity but that will be the first stage for me because you guys are the ones who are creating the content so you do have some information on previous videos you've roughly seen what might have worked in the past and you might have roughly seen what worked for other people too so I would first just look and see what is our natural sort of opinions on these titles ourselves I then ideally would ask someone externally so like oftentimes people think well this is all really good Patty but you know we can't afford to hire you or you're busy or you've got a wait list or whatever but you can just find another YouTuber who's at a center level and just get a second pair of eyes ask Twitter ask your Instagram followers ask your community tab all those things are nice ways to get a second pair of eyes and I think it's really important to go through stages of feedback so maybe as the team you've narrowed it down to the sort of four or five ones that you feel stand out the most to you as it as as a viewer if you were the in the viewer's shoes because maybe you have like a certain list of non-negotiables like it has to have 160 characters it has to be easy to read it has to have you know short wording it has to be like we don't have too many adjectives in one title because that's obviously too descriptive and you narrow it down from 30 to 5 and then of those five you have a bit of a general chat as the team over which ones could be the best to put forward and then you have maybe a little bit of a YouTube counselor you have a group chat with other YouTubers and you find some other YouTubers you can reach out to on Twitter whatever that kind of stuff I still feel is underutilized like I really do it's very easy to connect with other YouTubers and there's lots of discords out there you can find other YouTubers at a similar size and just say hey let's create a group with like four or five of us and every time we have a title thumbnail we'll just put it in there and we'll just brainstorm for each other and just help people make decisions on titles and I also think there should be some level of like has a similar title style works for us well in the past or has it worked for our competitors or other people in our Niche and using that as a bit of extra evidence as well so you have like an mixture of personal preference external preference and then a little bit of data or a little bit of like looking at what's worked in the past as a combination of deciding which to go forward with how do you think about thumbnail variations so for Thelma variations because generally a thumbnail will take a bit longer than the title I don't like to overwhelm people I will just get it out there in the open I have made videos where there's been 30 variations of the thumb out like that has happened and that does happen quite regularly usually variations are just like moving the text around changing people in the thumb out different things like that but there is that does exist at the top level of YouTube I work with creators that are doing millions in revenue and that is worth it to us to have a huge amount of variations but I would say for the majority I like to break it down into basically three like three concepts you've got your first one that you you've got maybe the most obvious one you've got another one then you might have a bit more of a kind of out there version it's a little bit less obvious something that's a bit more experimental the thing for me is each option should be adequately different because some people again they might hear me speak or other people speak and say make multiple thumbnails and they just make three thumbnails where the T-shirt color is different like that that is not what we mean we want very different concepts because if the first concept isn't working you're not going to save a video by just changing it to a video an image where now the t-shirt is blue instead of red you know this is probably not going to save the video so I like to think of adequately different options I like to think of three main options usually for most channels and again a similar sort of process of elimination in terms of maybe you sketch out and you concept so you come up with 15 Concepts or 10 different concepts that you can either really quickly sketch out yourself I like to really quickly sketch about myself I'll never show them publicly because they are the worst sketches ever known to mankind but it's still like a useful way of being able to say like oh like here's how this could look like what if his face oh that I can kind of see how that could look so building out maybe 10 sketches and then narrowing it down to like the three that you actually go forward with but most people listen to this unless you're making like daily content and you don't have time I think you do have time to make three thumbnail concepts for a video even if they're rough um I just want to see people really putting more effort into that and I think again not to like hint too much of the future but I've been playing around with different different AI in terms of thermal generation and I think it's going to be really helpful unfortunately I can't reveal it because I just want to make sure that anything that we're doing like this is is uh especially with clients is kept quite private but there is clients I've actually built out from that Concepts completely with AI now the final product is going to be maybe using a bit of what AI taught us to make it better in real life photo that we took ourselves but like there are clients where we're completely using AI to thumb that generation I want to talk a little bit about your idea around like content buckets or idea buckets because I think this is a really helpful empowering concept to somebody who now wants to spend more time in the idea phase or making sure they're picking good ideas what are these buckets for sure one thing I would say is like it's definitely something that I have borrowed from other people who who also use that same terminology and and have them you know use that's when teaching YouTube so it's definitely not something that I came up with originally as a idea of buckets but generally I think it's it's really helpful for people to look at their content and almost use draw the through lines so say let's say let's take the gesture example just because it's top of mind for me because we've talked about it a few times like on his channel he's got this bucket so like a category of content or like a series of content that involves going to NBA games so we've got like going to the getting exclusive access to the NBA finals or going to three amb games in 24 hours or going to a GLE NBA game all these different things that becomes a bucket of content and in terms of brainstorming you can then use that as a jump off point so you can say when you're brainstorming you could be like let's brainstorm more going to Games ideas and maybe another book it is trick shots let's brainstorm more trick shot ideas maybe another bucket is Vlogs or something else I wouldn't really recommend blogs but something else you could use each of those buckets as jumping off points for brainstorming and I do find one thing I do want to point out with buckets is sometimes people get too caught up with it because you know I suggest an idea and they're like that that falls outside of my bucket so I'm not going to do it I think YouTubers should never be rigid like that you should be flexible to like doing lots of different content that could appeal to your viewer of course you want to keep it quite consistent and I like to think of a catalog of videos as opposed to like scattergun approach of things all over the place but when I think about Bookers in general I'm almost just thinking about series on a channel without making it an episodic one two three four five because generally speaking that doesn't work amazingly well on YouTube so just think of buckets as a way to break up the content you make into maybe three or four main series I would say most channels of work with that do have a bucket focused approach to content have kind of three or four main book it's to use as like groupings for the channel and just makes it sometimes easier to brainstorm ideas around it and give the audience a bit of consistency because if you're going and looking at your channel and saying okay I've got 15 different styles of videos that can't really put into in the same book because they all cover can be different material you might actually have problem on your Channel That's deeper than um than anything else so listening to this you know people are probably thinking wow that sounds like a lot of time and a lot of uh effort spent in like the idea and packaging phase and I would agree um something that I've realized bringing this in though it feels like it's more worth it to spend more time on each individual video idea then try to put out just something on a really fast-paced schedule it feels like the upside is higher to take bigger swings than more frequent swings and that's something that I've really taken away as I've gone down this YouTube journey is like think bigger plan longer be more flexible on like the schedule that you're publishing on do you agree with that I 100 agree there are very few exceptions I think the exceptions would be something like news so if you're making news contents like it's no good to me seeing what happens last week today you know like news content is very time specific so if you make content at these extremes time specific I'm also thinking like tech reviews as things come out right away it's very important to be just like a Content machine get your content out but for most channels I think you can benefit from the the quality approach like I actually gave a big a talk at a big conference and the title of the talk was how to grow more by posting less that was like my whole philosophy because I think it's very conventional wisdom on YouTube that you have to be consistent you have to post lots of videos I think that's important at the beginning stage of your journey for sure like I would recommend beginner YouTubers post as much as they can without burning themselves out like post as much videos as you can get the Reps in for sure but once you get to a point I think it's important to look at it and be a bit more tactful with what you're doing and don't just have this scattergun approach if I need to make video I need to make video I need to make video I find myself having to almost de-program you YouTubers from that philosophy and way of thinking on a daily basis and these aren't just beginners they're like Youtubers with a million subscribers as you like to like it's better to miss this week's video than post a bad video that's gonna like not satisfy our viewers it's going to churn viewers people are not going to click on it they're going to be like what like why did you post that that's way below his usual standard so I do like to have the quality approach I think it can work in any every Niche an example I use quite a lot is I've done a bit of advisory work for the last two years with them or last year and a half with Noah Kagan before I came in to help with Noah Kagan and his team they were posting three or four videos a week for two years in the sort of six months after I started working with them we reduced that upload frequency down to three or four videos a month so not three or four videos a week three or four videos a month and if anyone wants to go look at a graph of 2021 November 2021 onwards you'll see the the years before that and then the years after it and how quickly that trade actually happened by long form like shorts have helped us since but it was long form that originally took off that massive trajectory and a huge part of that was I didn't do anything that special I helped with some miles I'll help with ideas on myself and Jeremy on the team go back and forth on things a lot but ultimately it was just approaching YouTube with a better philosophy and saying no this isn't just a treadmill we have to post three or four videos a week on this can be something where we are much more tactful and I remember very clearly talking to the team and saying like at the start it was like if something can't get 100K views we shouldn't make it and we were very tactile over like do we think this is potential is this a big enough topic so we went from making very Niche videos to making videos that had that broad white appeal and funnily enough the first video we did together now is four and a half minute views um so when you you would probably apply that thinking of course every occasion doesn't work like that sometimes it takes a lot longer when you apply that thinking I think you can make a massive difference with a lot of channels [Applause] thank you

  Top Comments:
  1. @jay [74 likes]: Grow Your Podcast on YouTube: https://creatorscience.co/play

And if you enjoy this video, help spread the word! Give it a thumbs up or share it with a friend.
  2. @evanalmighty9754 [1 likes]: Much respect from mastermind alliance publishing group in Houston Texas 🎉🎉🎉
  3. @Durgababunarra-m8d: Helpful
  4. @dhanguardbusinessbankingco4923: A must-watch for anyone serious about growing on YouTube and building a loyal community.
  5. @pawnlaugh: This was a great watch for anyone getting a channel started. Thanks 👍
  6. @honeyusuktarot: “This made a lot of sense, especially what you said about lives losing momentum when shorts flood a channel. I’m running a live-heavy channel and seeing that exact tension.”
  7. @WorldWithoutWeb: Every word said in this video must be learned by heart
  8. @WorldWithoutWeb: Huge loads of information, not even easy to digest, and definitely not EASY to implement. BUT, that's where the magic happens.
  9. @okiebyeee: the blue & white is so refreshing. I love how pretty that blue is! very helpful with all the minimal slides. especially for those with audio processing delays. thank you :)
  10. @TyEMW1014: you're both frauds.
  11. @CowBtv: 오래되었지만 좋은 내용 감사해요
  12. @garimasoni861: What is mentioned on his white board?? 04:15
  13. @laMemoriestoremember: Why didn't I know about him before 😢
  14. @ΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩΩ-ζ7ζ: Paddy is your favorite YouTubers favorite YouTuber
  15. @Innovision-future-tech: All new YouTubers here let's connect and grow together 🙏
  16. @evanalmighty9754: Much respect from mastermind alliance publishing group in Houston Texas 🎉🎉
  17. @SimonFalkentorp: Spending more time on development is eternal in old school tv and filmmaking. I like that this is eflected in modern youtube-creation.
  18. @forumdemon: What’s up with the chromatic aberration on the text with the blue background 🤦🏻‍♂️ looks horrible and annoying especially on tv.
  19. @classicmikestar: Paddy Is Daniel Radcliffe In Disguise.
  20. @AurimoraFeltCrafts: Just gonna ask myself one question next time I put together a video,’What would Paddy say?’😅

- How to do "the shuffle": Kind: captions Language: en there are a lot of questions about shuffling so I'm going to show you how to do it we're gonna go from a walk walk break into a shuffle shuffling feet low to the ground light touch of the foot short stride and now I'm going to transition into easing into a shuffle and now easing into walk and always make your changes change ups transitional

  Top Comments:
  1. @Vikingfan13 [10 likes]: I'm following Jeff's program on Garmin and I have been far from consistent but his drill workouts of got me running my fastest mile for 15 years.
I'm in my 50s.
  2. @siabangichsan [6 likes]: I really like the residential atmosphere there
  3. @mccarth [5 likes]: Yes, finally someone who gets to the point quickly!  Thank you!
  4. @Shevock [4 likes]: I need to watch this dozens of times
  5. @saneman8147 [2 likes]: It's known as the Young shuffle after Cliff Young, who at the age of 61, won  the Sydney to Melbourne  long distance marathon beating the record by 2 days.
  6. @suanhengyeoh8402 [1 likes]: No bullshit. Just straight to the point! Thanks!
  7. @tristanwwsd [1 likes]: So, slow, medium, and fast.
  8. @DrCryptoFeeks [1 likes]: People realise this is model on Aussie Sheep farmer Cliff run who ran 875KM in 5 days straight with no sleep and no training in a pair of Boots???
  9. @brown_fry_rice [1 likes]: My dad does the shuffle. Any slower, he'd be going backwards.
  10. @km-co2ws [1 likes]: The 'Cliff young shuffle'
  11. @Dr.RundaBomZim: Great demonstration and tips. Thank you
  12. @hood9764: Awesome video 🏃🔥
  13. @allegedwriter: What a champion. This video is amazing. Thank you.
  14. @crochetdeacon: Challenging to do when "running" on a treadmill. But I'm determined to make this work!
  15. @cabottemoore1843: wow
  16. @Merlinengine: This is effectively what I've been doing for the last 2 weeks preparing for a Parkrun. It makes perfect sense. Done my first Parkrun and now that I know the course I'm going to (try) engage in a complete course shuffle non stop.
  17. @TheCuratorIsHere: They are both shuffle buddy. Your run isn’t moving enough.
  18. @valeriew1552: Jeff is the BEST!
  19. @mcsquilliam3978: Bro “shuffling” at the exact same speed he was walking. And increased maybe 1mph with that “run”. Stick to walking
  20. @tonystoops7802: Uh, i can walk that fast. And I can do it all day.

- I'm 65 and Just Switched to Jeff Galloway's Run Walk Run Method: Kind: captions Language: en Hello, I'm Tom. I'm a 65year-old runner. [Music] Don't be bothered by the uh roosters crowing in the background. Today's video is going to be about my very recent switch to the runwalk run method as popularized by Jeff Galloway. If you find this video helpful, then please give it a like and also subscribe to my channel. Thanks. So when I say I've very recently switched to the runwalk run method, I mean very recently as of this morning. I also went ahead and began a Garmin coach plan uh Jeff Galloway's 5K plan. So I started that this morning as well. So, Galloway's coaching plan had me start with a 9-minute segment that involved a two-minute walk warm up, two-minut uh cool down, and about five minutes of uh run walk in between. The Garmin Galloway coaching app has me scheduled to do my goal race on December 21st. Uh, this race is called the Jingle Bells Run. It's going to be a 5K and I'm hoping that that I'll never get injured again. And I'm hoping that I'll be in pretty good shape and following Galloway's runwalk method. And who knows, maybe I'll run close to a PR. And when I say PR, I mean my personal best in the last three years or so. And actually, my PR for the 5K did happen back in uh 200 24. So I so it's very recent and I my hope is that I'll still be able to run at least as fast as I did back then. In one of my recent videos, I was talking about how I am a self-coached runner. So, so now that I'm being coached by Jeff Galloway on the Garmin app, does that mean I'm no longer self- coaching? I would say not. I I'm still a self-coach runner. I would say that I'm just going to follow Jeff Galloway's plan and schedule with a grain of salt. I'll I'll be doing a lot of adaptations and changes as needed. I'll continue to listen to my body and so I'm not going to be following Galloway's plan and schedule precisely or exactly. And I don't think that Galloway would want me to do that either because uh what if an injury did crop up? Uh would Galloway want me to continue to run as normal? No. He would want me to take it easy for a few days and recover. So, why have I switched to the run, walk, run method? Well, the main reason is because I'm very injuryprone. I've really gave it a good effort as far as avoiding injuries while running, but I keep getting niggles and little minor injuries. And I feel like I've done everything right. I do all the right injury prevention exercises. I've visited my physical therapist countless times. So, I I'm doing the right thing. I'm very gradual when I increase mileage. But, uh primarily my uh problem is my calves. They keep acting up and getting minor strains that results in unwanted time off. But I also have a right knee that's been giving me problems. In fact, I have an appointment scheduled in September with an orthopedic surgeon, not for surgery, but uh just to get a diagnosis and a recommendation by this orthopedic surgeon to see what it is. My physical therapist thought that the right knee was a biomechanical thing and not necessarily actual damage to any, you know, ligaments, bones, cartilage, meniscus. Um, so he thought it was just my the way my strides are my my biomechanics while I actually run. And I hope that after my visit with the orthopedic surgeon that that's his conclusion as well. I certainly don't want to get surgery. Um if I can avoid that then that would be awesome. So injury prevention is my primarily primary reason for uh switching to the runwalk run method. I know very little about the runwalk run method. In fact, I've just begun reading Jeff Galloway's book, Run, Walk, Run. And I hope to uh learn more of the details so that I can share with you what I have learned from Jeff Galloway and other advocates of the run, walk, run method. So Galloway uh in addition to injury prevention, he does make the claim that the runwalk run method will actually help you to run faster. And he gives examples of people that have ran faster half marathons, faster marathons as a result of switching to the run, walk run method. I've heard that it can also help you run a faster 5K, which is my aim. I I would love to be able to lower my 5K time. I I'm a little bit skeptical about the claim that the Runwalk Run method has about actually increasing your racing times, but that's Galloway's claim and I'm fine with that and I'll give it a whirl. A third benefit that Galloway mentions concerns the mental, emotional, psychological benefits of the Run, Walk, Run Method. And in this video, I'm not going to delve into that because I know again I know next to nothing. But uh after I've studied up on it a while, I'll go ahead and share share those findings with you. So for me, the primary reason that I'm switching is uh for injury prevention. And uh I would love it if my race times would uh improve as well. A few videos back, I mentioned how I'm in the process of switching to a philosophy of longevity as it concerns my running. And I did, as an aside, mention how I may switch to walking maybe sooner sooner rather than later. And I I said that just assuming, hey, it's going to be later that I switch to walking. But uh the runw walk run method is I I guess a happy medium between all walking as opposed to running non-stop. So I've I've been a non-stop runner for the last oh three and a half going on four years. When I was a young man in my teenage years, early 20s, I uh was a non-stop runner and used to run in races as well way back then before taking that long 30 33 year break from running. Now that I'm doing the run, walk run method, that marks a definite definite switch to a longevity philosophy. So my my concern is not so much with training to race 5Ks or training to race fast, but my concern primarily is to be healthy, to be running, maybe even into my 80s or who knows, as long as I live, it would be awesome to be able to uh be on my feet doing the runw walk run method or even walking for exercise when I get to be an old man. For me, there is a definite tension between my aim for longevity and my competitive drive, my desire to race. In some ways, it seems like it's a contradiction that how can you aim for longevity while also aiming to race well? Because racing well requires fast running. Fast running increases your chance your chances of injury. However, uh the Jeff Galloway method of runwalk run claims that you can do hard workouts and uh you can race you while using the runwalk run method. Uh you can still apply interval training, tempo runs. Of course, they would be tempo run walk runs, but you can still do hard workouts. And for me, that would be following the 80 20 rule of 80% easy aerobic runs with the 20% hard days. For me, that's one hard day per week of training. And uh Galloway, he definitely has uh hard workouts that people that are into the run, walk, run method can apply. So, I plan on continuing to aim for hard workouts once a week and also the easy aerobic. So, I guess what I'm saying is there are a lot of similarities between the run, walk, run method and for those who are into running non-stop. So, a lot a lot of the training principles still apply to both. So, as I continue with this YouTube channel, my advice to all of you will actually apply to both those that are non-stop runners as well as those that do the run, walk, run method. Okay, that's the update about my own running journey. If this video helped you in any way, please give it a like and I invite you to subscribe to my channel. Thank you for watching and have a great week.

  Top Comments:
  1. @stevegrady5451 [4 likes]: I am 68 and have been using the Jeff Galloway run walk run method since 2004. Congratulations on starting the Galloway plan!!!
  2. @NotElvis [3 likes]: I adopted run/walk at age 66 to recover from an achilles tendon injury. A year later, I now use run / walk as a fundamental training method to avoid the dreaded  'shuffle'. In recent years, my easy Zone 2 running became 6 min / km 'shuffles' that were unsatisfying on many levels. They also left me tired, needing more recovery days. I now use 4:00 / 0:30 run / walk at 4:45 / km for workout days and 3:00 / 0:30 at 5:15 / km on easy days. I recover faster and enjoy runs more than ever. Run / walk = proper running form, no shuffling and fewer rest days. My steady 5 km run time is also under 25 minutes for the first time since turning 60.
  3. @stevegrady5451 [3 likes]: You will be able to run injury free and enjoy running using Jeff Galloway’s system.
  4. @mattfitzpatrick4008 [2 likes]: That's awesome.  I started jeffing last year,  and it helped me get to my first half marathon this past April.  Training for a marathon now,  and still jeffing the whole way.  46 yo and recovering from achilles tendonitis/heel spurs.
  5. @davidokangba1842 [1 likes]: Thanks for sharing your journey, and for taking the time and effort to upload this. As a gent of similar age, any inspiration is welcome. Thanks
  6. @realDougSheppard [1 likes]: I (57) started Jeffing a little over two years ago. It's a help in the Cackalacky summer heat, where my HR would otherwise go Zone 4-5 at the start of a run. I use a 3/:30 combo.
  7. @WG541gp3 [1 likes]: I added cycling as cross training into my plan. It takes a lot of pressure off the legs!
  8. @stealthnessrunchallenge [1 likes]: All the best for the future. I have use jeffing method myself when returning from injuries.
  9. @kennethfreeman7539: Rip jeff. I've used his plan several times. Great man.
  10. @mikewsmit10: i’ve just started JG’s plan. i’m turning 65 in August. Still only in training, looking to doing my first half this month. My training is going really well, just battle to run properly and keep my heart rate down. 
Thanks for your video, from South Africa 😁

- How Social Media Algorithms Actually Work (And How to Beat Them): Kind: captions Language: en Today we're talking about the social media algorithm. If you want to get more views with less effort, it's critical you understand how the algorithms actually work. And once you learn this, I guarantee you will never look at content the same way again. In this video, I'm going to break down how social algorithms work, why they pick certain videos to push over others, and the specific things you can do to make them prioritize your content. Now, this information is based on a ton of outlier data and comments made by the Instagram CEO himself. So, this is the latest and greatest for what's actually working right now. If you just follow this, your content will perform way better. By the way, if you don't know me, my name is Callaway. I have a million followers. I've done billions of views, and content is all I do all day long. All right, first, let's just start with how the algorithms actually work. And this is actually super helpful to understand. Once you hear it, it'll make a lot of sense. Social media companies only have one goal, to keep people on the platform as long as possible. When people stay longer, they watch more ads, and the companies make more money. It's as simple as that. Now, to keep you on the platform longer, they do their best to serve you the content they think you'll enjoy the most. And that means the algorithm is just one giant match maker. It's matching people with content. If it does a good job with this matching, you're going to keep watching and stay. But if it starts doing a bad job and it shows you stuff you don't want to watch, well, then you're going to leave. It sounds simple, but this is how social algorithms work in a nutshell. Now, here's why this matters for you. If you want to hijack the algorithm and make it push your video more, all you have to do is help it make better matches with your content. [music] So, in this video, I'm going to explain exactly how to do that. And this really is the highest leverage algo hack you could ever learn. Okay, now here's how this matchmaking process actually works under the hood, so we can understand exactly what to do to manipulate it. When you post a video on social media, the very first thing the platform does is analyze what that video is about. I call this a digital fingerprint. Now, this analysis is multimodal, so it's watching your video with computer vision to understand what's going on visually. It's listening to your video with audio fingerprinting to get a better understanding of the transcript and what's actually being said, and it's also reading all the metadata, the caption, the hashtag, the creator, the location, anything else it can find. It then combines all that information together in real time to build a single contextual understanding of the video. This is called a topic mapping. Now, based on that topic mapping, the algorithm builds a fit score, which is its prediction for who it thinks will best like this video. So, at this point, you've posted it, it's analyzed it, but it hasn't been shown to anyone yet. So, we're ready to start showing the video to people. But, this is where things get interesting because obviously the algorithm doesn't just blast your video off to millions of people right off the bat, or you'd have millions of views. This is what actually goes on under the hood. The algorithm uses its fit score to pick roughly 200 people to show the video to first. This is called the initial sample test group. If it could rank all 100 million people that are on the app at one time, this is the group of 200 people it thinks will like the video the most. Now, very important, of these 200 people, most of them are non-followers because the algorithm wants to test how well strangers react to your video. It knows followers should like it cuz they already follow you, but if strangers like it, too, well, then that means this is a really good video. This is why when people say followers don't matter anymore, they're kind of right. They don't matter in the sampling process because most of those 200 people are non-followers. They're strangers to you. Now, based on the metrics from this initial sample group of 200 people, the algorithm is going to get positive, neutral, or negative data back. Essentially, of those 200, how many of them liked and watched the video? What was the set of data? If the data is positive, that means the algorithm's guess of the fit score was accurate. And so, it knows exactly what type of person to push the video to further. The next time it pushes, let's say it's 2,000 people. And if that's good, then it's 20,000 people. And if that's good, then it's 200,000 people. And it just keeps going until the data starts coming back weaker. Now, if the original data was neutral, kind of good, kind of bad, the algorithm will redo its fit score and push the video again. But this time, only to maybe another group of 200. It doesn't go crazy to 20,000. It just resamples. If the data is negative right off the bat with those 200, well then the algo's going to tighten up and stop pushing almost immediately. And again, it slows down that push because it doesn't want to risk alienating people and pushing them off the platform because they see a bad video. So, if you're in the 200 view jail, or you post a video and it flops, what this really means is that the algorithm got bad data back from that initial sample group of 200. Now, one more thing before we move on this. The reason why even million view banger videos eventually slow down is because even those run out of people that want to watch it. The data gets bigger, bigger, bigger, and then eventually it starts to fade off. So, in a nutshell, this is how social algorithms actually work under the hood. This is what happens when you go to post a video. You post it, it does the topic mapping, it samples with a group of roughly 200 people, and then it either boosts, retries, or stops immediately based on how the sample data comes back. So, what does all this actually mean for you tactically? Knowing this is happening under the hood, how can you best adjust your content strategy to take advantage and get the algorithm to push you more? That's what we're going to go through right now. If you want to hijack the algorithm to get more views, you only need to do two things. Number one is to help the algorithm build a better fit score, so that it finds the best possible sample group of 200 people to go to first. And then number two is to make sure that sample group actually likes and engages with your video. Because if the sample group is the right fit, and they actually like your video, well then you're going to be in great shape because the algo will get amazing data back and just [music] keep boosting you to more and more people. So, what I'm going to do now is break down the tactics for how to trigger both of those things. Helping find the right sample group, and then helping make sure that sample group engages well. This is essentially the systematic process for activating the algorithm and getting it to work for you. Now, if you like how I'm breaking this down kind of from like a scientific and psychology perspective, I actually just published a free guide doing the same thing for my entire content system. It's from ideas to hooks all the way to monetization. Science-based and data-backed. This is the exact content system I ran last year to generate hundreds of millions of views and millions in profit from content. It's also the same thing I install with business owners when I work with them one-on-one. Completely free, my gift to you. You can get it below or at the link shortformsytem.co. All right, let's talk sample groups. What can you do to help the algorithm build a better fit score and find a stronger sample group for your video? Here's the answer, very simple. All you have to do is consistently make videos about the same topic for the same audience avatar over and over and over. You want to become intentionally precise and narrow with the topics you pick and how you position. Here's why. After a few similar videos in a row, the algorithm will start to understand that your channel talks about X topic for Y avatar profile. It will then have built sample groups for all those previous videos and have a very clear understanding of who to go back to from an avatar perspective. The more this avatar group is the same over time, the more confident the algorithm can be when it dials this in. Now, this process of consistently making videos about the same few topics for the same avatar is called audience matching. And if there's one content principle I swear by, it's this. When you make videos for lots of different topics for several different avatars, the sample data comes back mixed and the algorithm gets confused. When it's confused, it pushes your video less because it doesn't want to risk bad fits to bad viewers. For example, imagine you made three videos. One on tech, then the next one on health trends, and then the next one on politics. The algorithm would have no idea what your fourth video is going to be about. And because of this, it doesn't know which of your previous three videos it should model its fit score after. So, let's say your fourth video also ends up being about health trends. Chances are the algorithm's going to build a blended fit score across those first three videos. A little bit of people from tech, a little bit of people from health trends, and a little bit of people from politics. Not literally those people, but influence from who liked those videos. And when it does this, the fit score targeting for your fourth video is going to be a mix of all three. And so, when it pushes it, of course, the sample data for the health trends video that also has tech and politics type viewers is going to come back weak. This will result almost certainly in your video flopping. What this means in simple terms is that if you want to help the algorithm find the right sample group and build a better fit score, you got to keep your topics and audience selection narrow consistently. And this means sometimes saying no to ideas that seem viral, but would resonate with the wrong audience. Even one viral hit to an audience outside of your core demo will result in the next several videos having poor sample data because it confuses the algorithm. This discipline in topic and audience selection is very important, and typically beginners that are starting out are spraying and praying all over the place, and they don't have this. Okay, so that's one side of the equation. Very simply, just narrow your topic and audience, and your sample fit will go up. Now, on the other side of the equation, the two-part piece was making sure once you have that sample that it actually engages well with your video. And that means they watch it, they like it, they save it, they share it, they comment, they repost, all the engagement metrics, as many as we can possibly get. >> [music] >> So, what can we do on this side to make sure that initial sample data from these people comes back strong? Well, when the algorithm's gauging if it's strong or not, it's really only looking at three core metrics. The first one is average watch time. How long did someone watch in a number of seconds per video? And also, by proxy, percent completion. What percent of the video was completed on average? The second metric is engagement rate. So, this is likes plus comments plus shares divided by views. And the third, which is really important and nobody can access, is called watch time session share. In a session for a viewer, if they're on there for 60 minutes, how many of those 60 were spent watching your videos? That percentage is watch time session share. You can't access this anywhere, but it's a critical metric that social algorithms use to know how influential your content is. >> So, the million-dollar question for you is how can you improve these metrics? What can you do in your video to make sure those metrics go up so the sample data comes back clean, so that it just pushes your video to more people? Well, a short, cheeky answer is if you want the metrics to go up, you just make better videos with better ideas, stronger hooks, better storytelling, and more interesting visuals, obviously. But, that's not helpful at all. So, is there anything tactical you can do at a studs level to increase the effectiveness of those videos? And if you watch this channel a lot, you already know, of course there is. There's only four things you need to do to make your video better so that that engagement rate goes off the charts. >> Number one is that the topic needs to be relevant for the ideal viewer. This is obvious and it goes with the first piece I said. What you cover has to actually solve a problem that they have. If that's the case, engagement will go up. Number two, the information you share needs to be both non-obvious and tactically implementable. Is it new stuff they haven't heard before, and can they actually use it to solve that problem? If those things are true, the engagement rate will go up. Number three, the viewer has to actually have a high absorption of the information you say. It could be on target and non-obvious, but if they can't actually understand what you're saying, then they can't apply it. So, if they could apply it, the engagement rate will go up. And then number four, there needs to be a short distance to implement your recommendations. Tactically implementable means they can take a little bit of action and get a big result based on your promise. Now, you won't typically hear people frame it in this way, but if your content has those four attributes, I guarantee you're going to have higher engagement. If you have higher engagement, the data comes back more positive, they push it to more of the people, those people are people you want, and the flywheel spins. What this really means, those four things in layman's terms, you got to cover a core pain point or problem they have. You got to have something useful or interesting to say. You got to say it in a way they can actually understand, and they have to be able to take what you say and apply it on their own. Those are the four horsemen to driving good video performance. If you do this, you're set, and that's really all you need to hijack the algorithm to push you more. Pick an avatar, stick to it, narrow your topic selection, and then drive those four things home. When you do this, the sample group will stay dialed, and they'll all engage with the video at a high rate. Incidentally, these four factors are also how you turn viewers into buyers. If you want people to buy, those four components also make sense to include in the video. They're kind of like the core DNA if you're trying to build a money machine with content. Now, I'll say this, the easiest way to make sure you're picking the right topics that actually work for your avatar group is to just study the videos that are already working in your niche. It shocks me how few people actually do this, but in sandcastles.ai, you can build a group of competitor channels that are already crushing, and just filter by outlier score to see all the best performing videos. There's now this feature where if you save the video to library, you can see all the attributes. I'm talking transcript, topic, the exact hook, the exact storytelling mechanics, everything about the video that drove the curiosity. You can then take that, remix it. Everything you need is right in there. So, all you need to do if you're confused on which topics to pick for your avatar group, just go in sandcastles and use this resource. It shocks me how few people are using data to make their topic decision. This basically guarantees that you're serving the right stuff to your audience. Now, before I end this video, I just want to include one more bonus topic around the algorithm. Because I know my explanation is a little bit theoretical, hopefully it made sense, hopefully it helped you, you have action items to work on. But, I just want to include one more thing at a tactical level that you can take away and really hammer value from this video. Another way to drive algorithmic push is to increase the number of comments on your video. Most people know this. There are five things you can do tactically to increase the number of comments you're getting. Number one is to take a hard stance on your topic. People typically comment when they violently agree or disagree, mostly disagree, with whatever your stance is or perspective. If you play the middle and hedge, you're going to get fewer comments. So, I recommend you pick a side, pro or con, and that will drive comments. [music] Number two is to pick the side that is the contrarian side. Like I said, people love to comment when they disagree, when they think you're wrong. If you pick the contrarian side, that means you think the majority of people are wrong, which means they'll think you're wrong. The majority of people will want to comment because they disagree with you. If you create more enemies, you drive more comments. Tip number three is to amplify the stance you take by ratcheting up the way you frame your points. If you said something like, "This is the best way to cook pasta." versus "This pasta is better than all the mom and pop pasta shops in the world." Which one is going to drive a more violent discussion in the comments? The more extreme version, of course, always is. So, that's how you ratchet up your stance. Tip number four is to build your topics around cult-loved brands, people, ideas, and movements. The more you talk about things people already have made up their opinion on, the faster they're willing to jump into the comments, especially if they disagree. For example, if you take a stance on Nike versus just the category of shoes, more people will have already made up their opinion whether they like or dislike Nike, and it will trigger them to comment. Tip number five is to position your take or stance to drive significant emotion. The more people feel something when they watch your video, the more they're going to feel compelled to want to comment. Now, those five things around comment, that was just a little extra sprinkle to give you more tactics on how to drive activation and engagement to make the algorithm push you. All of those feed back to picking the right topic for the right group. So, it's kind of like a sub point on what I just went through. Hopefully that's helpful and you can put that to use. All right, guys, that's all I've got for this video. As a recap, we covered a lot of ground. We really broke down the ins and outs of how social algorithms work and how you theoretically and fundamentally can hijack them to push your videos more. I tried my best to kind of demystify this black box and give you tactics that you can use to your advantage. As always, guys, I'm trying my absolute best to give you perspectives that most people don't cover in a tactical bite-size way that you can actually put to work. What you typically see about the algorithm is talking about settings, hacks, or these little caption tweaks. None of that stuff actually works. If you think that actually works, you need to watch this video again. Posting time does not matter. Hashtags in your captions don't matter. The captions themselves don't matter. The only thing that matters is making great videos for a specific avatar group across a narrow band of topics over and over and over. That's the only thing that matters. That is the cake. Everything else is the icing. Focus on the cake. As a reminder, if you want access to my full content system, this is the exact blueprint I use with my own team. How I find ideas, how I write hooks, how I validate these things, how I do research, my entire funnel to turn viewers into dollars, literally everything. I've got it linked below for free, my gift to you, shortformsytem.co. And if you have any other topics around social media growth, around content and content systems that you want me to cover or that you feel blocked on, just drop them in the comments. We use the comments to inform the database of videos that we make next. So, anything you guys are stuck on, please put in the comments. It will help greatly to inform what we should make. All right, guys, that's all we've got. We will see you on the next video. Peace.

  Top Comments:
  1. @viveen360 [1 likes]: Toda esta teoría se va al caño, cuando el mismo video lo publica otra persona y ahí si se viraliza.
  2. @MadikoMani [1 likes]: To All small creator's like me.. Good luck 🤞
  3. @simplpoints [1 likes]: If a video is pushed out by default to a sample of 200, why do videos than not get by default a view count of 200?
  4. @AetherFramesOfficial [1 likes]: Finally! A worthy vedio🫠🤝🏻✨
  5. @funnyannesunny [1 likes]: :face-red-heart-shape::face-red-heart-shape::face-red-heart-shape:It's a difficult world even though I heard it well 감사합니다
  6. @gantavyaghagat [1 likes]: The spelling of matchmaking is wrong at 1:41
  7. @Living-Wildly-Well [1 likes]: My issue with this advice is that I have followed creators that do this and quickly get bored with their content because it is so similar to itself and end up unfollowing.
  8. @XSonify_yt: https://youtu.be/xYrKwUXdQLU?si=HuJAi0N9s60e5W8m
  9. @NebenbeiPassivPOD: great video !!!
Thank you for that !
  10. @THE_35_CUB: Best algo video so far
  11. @nijfilms: Thanks
  12. @1EnigmaTV: I’m in school all over again ✍🏾
  13. @Matchday38-v6t: This was so helpful
  14. @creeepyface: thanks will consider this info ❤
  15. @ThisOrThatTheoryy: Just started my own channel - good luck everyone!
  16. @ayoutubechannelthatfailed: Do these guys really listen to themselves?
  17. @DailyFixmemes: Anyone who likes memes can follow me❤
  18. @jona.laurel: Should I niche down?
  19. @GoldenRockMemoriesmusic: ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
  20. @chillwithkea: I’ve been watching your videos since you had 30k subs. It’s amazing to see where you’re at now. I have a motorcycle channel and have used your tips to get to where I am now. I’ve been on YouTube for 3 years and just now starting to really see growth. Thanks man, keep doing your thing!

- MrBeast Shares His Best YouTube Advice: Kind: captions Language: en - If you knew what I knew, you could get 10 million subscribers within six months. Your first video is not gonna get views. Subscribers don't matter, views don't matter. I mean, they do. So stop sitting there and thinking for months and months on end and just get to work and start uploading. Everything you... (beeping) Want as a creator comes from making the best videos possible and thumbnails. - [Narrator] MrBeast shares his best YouTube advice all the way from title and thumbnail secrets to growing a channel on YouTube. - It's much easier to get five million views on one video than 50,000 views on 100 videos. - [Narrator] He also reveals how he's able to hook in viewers in his videos and what he would do if he started over from scratch. - What advice would you give yourself when you were starting out? - Your videos suck. You think your videos are good, but they suck. They just do. And the sooner you learn how to make good, great videos that people actually wanna watch, the sooner you'll get views I think it's the biggest takeaway 'cause like when I was 14, I thought my videos were the best in the world. They weren't, they were terrible. Many people are making way better videos than me, but I didn't think that. And I think, you know, to be successful, you kind of have to have a little bit of that ego where you're like, you know, my content's great. You gotta believe in it, but also like if you have sub 1,000 subscribers, like there's a good probability your videos just suck. They just do, and you need to make hundreds of videos or 100 videos, I don't know. It depends on the difficulty of videos. Improve something every time and just like get to the point where they don't. When you make good content, you'll blow up. It's not the algorithm, it's not anything, it's just like most, me and most people who are in my position, you just make terrible videos and that's okay because you've gotta make a bunch of videos and improve over time to be great. Like you don't just pick up a baseball and become an MLB level athlete within a year. It takes many, many, many years and YouTube's kind of the same way. A lot of people get analysis paralysis and they'll just sit there and they'll plan their first video for three months. Any of you listening, especially if you have zero videos on your channel, your first video is not gonna give views, period. It's not, your first 10 are not gonna get views. I can very confidently say that. for months and months on end and just get to work and start uploading. Like all you need to do, and this applies to people who have not uploaded videos but have dreams of being a YouTuber, is make 100 videos and improve something every time. Do that, and then on your 101st video, we'll start talking, like maybe you can get some views, but, you know, your first 100 are gonna suck. There are very freak cases like (MrBeast mumbling) or Emma Chamberlain who have really good personalities and it doesn't take them some, as many videos and it's just like people who are seven foot five and making in the NBA. Like yes, there are freak cases you can find, but for the average person like us, you know, who don't have these exceptional personalities and you know, backgrounds in filmmaking, just make 100 videos. Improve something each time. And then talk to me on your 101st video. - How do you improve something each time? - The second one just, I don't know, put more effort into the script. The third one, try to learn a new editing trick. The fourth one, try to figure out a way that you can have better inflections in your voice. The fifth one, try to, you know, study a new thumbnail tip and implement it. The sixth one, try to figure out a new title. There's infinite ways. That's the beauty of content creation online. There's literally infinite ways from the coloring, to the frame rate, to the editing, to the filming, to the production, to the jokes, to the pacing to, every little thing can be improved and they can never not be improved. There's no, there's literally no such thing as a perfect video. What YouTube wants is they want people to click on a video and they wanna watch it. Like at its core that's what it is. Now you can like draw little lines and go as deep as you want and to how to get people to click and how to get people to watch. I mean essentially by studying the algorithm you'll learn that you're more studying human psychology, right? What do humans wanna watch? Anytime you say the word algorithm, just replace it with audience and it works perfectly. Like the algorithm didn't like that video? No, the audience didn't like that video. Literally that's it. If people are clicking and watching then it gets promoted more. And that's literally all the algorithm does is reflect what the people want. To a T. And if you deny that you just make terrible videos and are trying to find a scapegoat, - What makes for a good title? Short? - Not just short, it's also if someone reads it, are they like, do they have to watch it? Is it just so intrinsically interesting that it's just gonna quit them? If they don't click on it, you know what I mean? Ideally, it's a title also that you know, 'cause the titles don't live in a vacuum, right? So it has to lead into the content. So ideally the title represents content that you would wanna watch for 20 minutes. So if it's a 20 minute video and the title is I stepped on a bug, the click-through rate is gonna be much lower. And then if it was like a five second video, like even nuances of the length of the video based against the title will affect whether people want to click it, 'cause sometimes they just don't add up. I mean it's that, yes, ideally you want it below 50 characters because above 50 characters on certain devices you run the chance of it going dot, dot, dot. So like I took a light pole and I saw how many dollar bills I could stack on top and they would just go dot, dot, dot, 'cause it's too long and it can't finish it. And that's the worst thing because then people don't even know what they're clicking on. And so it's gonna do even worse. Short, simple ideally and just so freaking interesting to have to click. And it is a good segue into the content and it represents the length of the content. The more extreme the opinion, typically the higher the click through rate. If you can like pay it off in the content, then it just supercharges it, so like... - Oh so, you have a kind of estimate of the extreme. - Yeah, like this just for water, right? You're like Fiji water sucks. Yeah that'd do fine. But if you said Fiji water is the worst water I've ever drank in my life. - [Interviewer] Yeah. - Way more extreme opinion, would do way better. - [Interviewer] But you have to deliver. - Yeah but then you have to deliver 'cause the more extreme you are, the more extreme you have to be in the video. - I heard you guys talking about auto play on YouTube. - [MrBeast] Yes. - And I've never considered it. I've always thought about the thumbnail, but now on YouTube, videos automatically play. - Of course, so before you do, you film a video, what is the thumbnail, what is the video? And then what's the first five seconds and then what's the first 30 seconds? You know, by the first five seconds it's like, goes with the thumbnail. - Because it's possible that people open YouTube and they don't... - They don't see it, especially for us because like for so many people, I've watched hundreds of our videos when I upload I am first on your homepage. So like you just literally don't even see the thumbnail 'cause it auto play so quickly. So like the thumbnail is irrelevant. I have to like visually convince you to click on the video. - Wow, that's so interesting. - Yeah, that's why we go so hardcore. - Dude, that's so crazy. So do you consider also captions in those first five seconds? 'Cause of course people aren't... - Of course yeah, everything. Everything. Yes. 100%. - Wow, so those first five seconds, that hook is now even more important than it ever used to be. - Oh of, 100%. Yeah, before it was important because you had to convince people to watch. - Now you have to convince people to click and watch at the same time. - Whoa. - [MrBeast] With the first five seconds. - That's driving CTR now too. - It is, 100%. I roast a lot of people who like have boring first five seconds, it's brutal. Your title and thumbnail set expectations and at the very beginning of the video to minimize dropoff, you want to assure them that those expectations are being met. If you click on a video where you know of his, where it's like Tether is a scam and then at the very beginning he starts talking about literally anything else, then you are like, oh this is bull, this isn't what I clicked on. But if at the very start of the video you go, Tether is a scam and I'm gonna teach you why, then it's like okay, you match the expectations. So at the very beginning match the expectations and then you wanna exceed them. So you wanna assure people that what they clicked on is what they're getting and then blow their mind and be like, but you're also getting even more. That's how you lower drop off. Which a lot of people, sometimes it takes them like 20 seconds to really meet the expectations and so you lose, like that's where you're gonna lose everyone. Everyone's video start like this and then it levels off. So you wanna reduce the amount of people that click off on the audience retention graph. I hope you're popping up graphs while I'm saying this. So it's easier for people to visualize. We really should drill this home because like the number one thing is like retaining as many people as possible at the start. 'Cause like envision a chart where you lose 35% of your viewers in the first 30 seconds and then envision one where you only lose 20%, that's 15% more people that are watching you know, throughout the video than not. And it's not like you made the whole video like a bunch better. You just had a more strategic intro that hooked them. I'm showing to put this into words and like to really impose how important that is. But like that 15% difference in viewership really does make the difference between hypothetically like 2 million views on a video and like 10 in my head, the thing people undervalue the most is literally the first 10 seconds of the video, like. - I can almost, I think I can quote it, I tied up an FBI agent and I have 100 thousand dollars of this bag. Here's a knife, good luck. And I just run away. - Like it gives you everything you need. - No wasted words. Short, concise, and then tension. You basically wanna remove every dull moment. You probably want to find the 10 most critical people you know, make them watch the video and just roast it. You know, certain things like, if I just talk to a camera for 10 seconds without a cut, like a lot of people will just like get bored or they'll lose interest. So like having a B cam and a C cam and just, you can just talk for 10 seconds but three seconds in cutting to a B cam and then a C cam, like now it's more interesting even though it's essentially the same thing and not that crazy. But you wanna have good pacing, typically having a payoff at the end, keep some, right? Last to leave the circle wins 10 grand. If there is a low moment halfway through you're gonna watch to the end 'cause you wanna see who wins the 10 grand. So having a good payoff at the end. - [Interviewer] How do you keep viewers watching and you know, happy with the video? - I would say just give them why they clicked. Tell them why they should watch and then just stick on topic. Like that right there isn't even super complex but I would already put you in the upper echelon of YouTube. Like it's hard for a lot of people, people for whatever reason, like they just drag it out. A lot of log channels do it. It's like eating 100 dollars ice cream and they'll be like, I'm going to eat 100 dollars ice cream but first and then it's like earlier in the day and it's just stuff that has nothing to do with what you clicked on. It's like them birthday shopping for their mom and it's like that's not why I came here. - Now if you're looking to grow your YouTube channel, I gotta tell you about this before we get into the rest of MrBeast's genius advice and that is that we at Think Media are doing a free YouTube challenge to help you grow your first 1000 subscribers on YouTube or make your first $1,000 on YouTube. To sign up for free, all you have to do is go to Tube1KChallenge.com or check out the link down in our description during this free challenge, Sean Cannell, the founder of Think Media, is gonna be showing you guys how to grow your YouTube channels and make money online with YouTube. So click on the link to sign up today or to check out when our next challenge is gonna be. Okay, let's get back into the video. - What's interesting is the longer people watch something, the more likely they are to keep watching. So you don't have to try as hard in the hypothetically back half of a video as you do it in the front. Like even right now, we're so deep into this where a lot of people listening are probably just gonna keep listening relatively close to the end unless we just have a really boring part of this conversation. 'Cause they're just in it, they're immersed. And so a big like, to really boil it down to a simple level, you just want to get people where they're immersed in the content and then just kind of hold them there. The thing is, it's all knowledge. It really is. And like every time I say this, people debate it to the end of time on Twitter, but I don't care. Like I could start a new channel tomorrow with not using my face or my voice like without ever promoting it and in six months have 20 million subscribers. I just could, yeah, it's purely knowledge. Like if you knew what I knew, you could get 10 million views of video and you could get 10 million subscribers no matter where you are right now within six months. It really is just knowledge. And I could already tell you 90% of the people watching, they don't, they don't agree with that. They don't. And everyone has excuses and they're always like, nah, YouTube just doesn't work like that, Jimmy, you don't understand. But I mentor a lot of people. I see it even to this day, I still see it all the time. It is possible. It is simply knowledge and the second you accept that it is knowledge and you start your, for me, 10,000 day journey of learning, for you, whatever it is, if you want to be less hardcore but, and like actually figuring out, you know, what makes a good video, what does my audience want, how can I elevate? And then you take that knowledge and you just, you just assume that I will never understand what the perfect video is and every single day I just need to be devoted to learning as much as possible and improving as much as possible. And I gotta prove every video as much as I can. Then, there you go. There are tons of viral ideas that people can do that don't require money. It does not require money to go viral. Like at one point, one of my most few videos was like spending 24 hours in a desert, we just grabbed a tent, some stuff and we went in the desert and it got like 60, 70 million views. I have so many videos where we spent hardly any money, like the no food one or I'd have to pull up the channel and go through it that have gotten tens of millions of views and they would've gotten 10 plus million views even on a small channel. So people who say, oh well, I could be MrBeast if I had money. Well, A, I didn't start off with money, I was poor, I had no money and it took me like seven years just to buy a camera saving up from YouTube and B, some of our most reviews literally, like anyone can do. The best way to get views in my opinion, I think it's better to really, really focus on quality. If you're a very small YouTuber and you can upload a video a day and like all the videos be average and like none of those videos will really stand out. None of it's like epic enough where like the algorithm's gonna go, oh this video, like this video is good. Like we need to spread it, feel like a lot of small YouTubers they just post like videos that aren't bad but they're not great and they just do that and none of them ever pop off so they never get an audience where it might be better to like, you know, upload half or a third or even like a fifth of the videos but make the videos you upload so freaking good that like the algorithm has to promote it and that, you know, it has to find audiences for it, 'cause it's such an interesting and good video, when you like set a consistent schedule and you're constantly having to upload videos that aren't as good as you'd like because you gotta hit, oh this Monday, I said I'd upload every Monday. You know like that's a dangerous trap because then you know, the viewers notice that the quality isn't as good and it makes them less likely to watch. And I think it hurts your longevity. A lot of times people, oh boy, it's like they think their videos are better than they are, honestly and that... - Tell them Jimmy, tell them. - I mean they do and you have to like, you have to, that and they have horrible friend groups 'cause you really are like the type of YouTubers you hang around. And so like a lot of times I'm just like, what you're saying is wrong, who told you this? They're like, oh, this guy, this guy. And it's like, well they're wrong. It's not true. You, there's no such thing as a perfect video. Like someone should always call you and... It on your video 'cause it could be better. Like that's because imagine if someone does that every video and you upload 100s, if not 1,000 videos over the next 10 years and every single time someone's critiquing you and you're applying what they're critiquing. Like imagine the compound effect. Over that time span. It's invaluable. People think it's like, oh well, it's all like CTR and stuff like that. But a big thing that everyone... Underestimates is it's, what was your experience with your last video? If people loved your, the last video of yours that they watched, they're more likely to watch your next one. For the YouTubers watching this, when people watch your video they go, okay, that was good but like, that's enough of you for the day. Like it was all right, right? Whereas what you want is them to go, holy crap, that was crazy. Oh my god, what's that? Holy crap. That was crazy. Oh my god. And they just, and they watched 10 videos. That's what you're going for. That data can't describe and like I don't, I've never heard anyone talk about that but that, that is it. That's how you get these high view counts because people watch 10 videos, not one, you know? It's okay to draw inspiration for me but just don't do what I do to a T. - It's not like $1 versus blank. - I'm the first person to do it but I just, you know, saw that format and I was just like, how can I do that 100 times better? - Right. - How can I put 100 times more creativity into it? How can I level up the editing by 100 times? How can I spend 100 blah, blah, blah. - And that's always my mindset. How can I, like if I get inspired by something, how can I do that but 100 times better and make it my own? Whereas a lot of people are just like, oh MrBeast did that, I'm just gonna do it. - [Interviewer] Yeah, how do I make a good thumbnail? How do I get people to click my video? - [MrBeast] You want it to be simple. You want them to be able to, like when they're scrolling through their suggested or homepage or whatever touch point, you want them to instantly be able to understand what you're conveying and you want them to feel some type of emotion. You know what I mean? The way I like to phrase it is, you wanna make it so interesting or spike their curiosity or whatever emotion so much that like if they don't click it, they'll wonder, you know, when they're, before they go to bed, like what happened? Like, an example would be like if you uploaded a video, I rode a skateboard with 1000 other people on it and like people are falling off the side or whatever and I'm envisioning like a giant skateboard and people are like hanging on the side of it. Maybe it's like about to go off a big ramp. If you don't click that, you're gonna like be so curious, it's gonna be on your mind, you know? Later in the day when you're daydreaming, you're gonna think like, huh, what happened? What happened to those thousand people on that skateboard? That's kind of a mindset I think you should have when making thumbnails. - How often do you change a thumbnail on a video? Is that something, do you usually just stick with one or you try different one? - Well, so I think we, we get better at making thumbnails every year. So it's more, when I upload a thumbnail I usually think it's good and I don't change it most of the time, but what happens is like three years later I look back and I'm like, oh that's a horrible thumbnail. And so it's usually like every two years we just go back and update a lot of our older thumbnails just 'cause they're terrible. Just with like the new knowledge we have and what we've learned. And funny enough, that actually usually does help quite a bit when we update the thumbnails on old videos that they usually do see a little bit of an uptake 'cause they're just, you know, if we take an old thumbnail where it's like seeing if whatever, like 1,000, 100,000 mattresses can stop a car and it just looks terrible. And then with the new stuff I know we zoom in a little bit so it's a little more visible and make things look better. Then magically it starts doing a little bit better. 'Cause now people actually understand what it is. 'cause I'm not as much of an idiot anymore. In 10 years, YouTube's gonna be bigger than television ever was for culture in America, at least in my opinion. And so I think a lot of people underestimate that and people, I don't think people really understand just how like, to be a, one of the top creators on the biggest social media platform and that and that will also be the biggest in 10 years during that whole time. Like the amount of value and how crazy that is. Like you don't need a network, you don't need, you know, to go through people. You just are, you can and you can do whatever you want and you can influence people how you want. It's just wild. It's mind blowing. And you can leverage that to build businesses or you know, like do things like Beast Philanthropy or whatever. I think like people don't realize just how much influence the top YouTube channels have. No one's ever gonna do what I do better than me. Like it's just not, it's not even humanly possible. Like I reinvest every penny I make. - I work every hour I'm awake, I devote every atom in my brain to solving this. I hire the best people on the planet. I've been doing this for 14 years and I think in decades, not years. So I'm gonna be doing this for another 20, 30 years, not two or three. So no, the next me isn't gonna be me because no one's gonna do It's not possible. If I thought someone was doing better than me, I'd just start sleeping less so I could work even more. Like I'd figure it out, I don't get... - The barrier to entry to be you is extremely high. - Yeah. - Right? Especially where you're at now. - Well it's 'cause I'm all in. I'm crazy. Like people shouldn't be me. I don't have a life, I don't have work life balance. I, my personality, my soul, my being is making the best videos possible, entertaining my fans as best as I can. Like that is why I exist on this planet. And I don't recommend it. You know, mean like, you should have work-life balance. You should not devote your entire life to this one thing. Like go have fun. Like, you know, I'm miserable a lot of times I have a mental breakdown every other week 'cause I push myself so hard. Like I don't recommend it, you know? - What do you think gets us to a million subscribers? - Well, subscribers is an arbitrary, so a million that doesn't matter. - A million views of videos. - You should ask me what helps us make the best videos possible. That's the only question you should ask me. Subscribers don't matter. Views don't matter. I mean they do. - But all that comes, everything you... Want as a creator comes from making the best videos possible and thumbnails. But it's easier to, you know, make thumbnails, the video part's the hard part. And that's the thing that you're known for. Ask how can I make my videos better? Do that every single day for years. And then you'll probably get views.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ThinkMediaTV [422 likes]: What was your favorite take away from this video? Let us know below ⬇
📈 Want to break through on YouTube? Join our FREE 3-Day YouTube Growth Sprint for the ultimate plan to start getting views and grow your channel fast! ➡ http://YTSprint.com/
  2. @Firegod-Gaming1 [1 likes]: 🔥
  3. @MssJoker1 [1 likes]: When I  made my Youtube channel many years ago, I did not even planned to uploading videos for others to watch and becoming a youtuber or something. I just uploaded them because for myself to watch them later. But it is a very good thing if someone has talent to become a real Youtuber and making really interesting and enjoyable videos what other people enjoys to watch. I know exactly that I'm not too creative and I do not know how to edit videos, cut and attach them. So I do not even expect that anyone will ever subscribe to my channel. LOL
  4. @Memoshawi: Great
  5. @Benjibm: I posted my first short today! I gained my first 1 subscriber! I’m so happy 🎉.. haha x
  6. @TrulyElite-r: I believe l will go viral
  7. @DJ.P.Murray11: 30 subscribers here❤❤❤❤
  8. @AlvinaGachuguEnt: I started on YouTube in 2011...
Consistency has been my biggest issue.
Hopefully, this year, I make it right.
I've improved... immensely.
  9. @zeorankz: Wow
  10. @citcotyoB: i wanna give up, but this got reccomeneded, that means i can't give up
  11. @Queeniedreamy1: I’m on 443  quite happy  about it
  12. @adjlist: Get to work and start uploading. Create create create.
  13. @stronghousewife: 39 subscriber 😢
  14. @VenomBoyzGarage: Mr beast a pitt county boy making NC look good i have a small channel next county over in martin ...Would love to pick his brain on how to grow maybe get bigger an we can do something together for charity as eastern NC Boyz...
  15. @Richboss1-l5i: Amazing video I think this is the most interesting video I ever watched great encouragement u give me hope that I can continue to my dreams to make this become my biggest income
  16. @Richboss1-l5i: Wow thanks you so much for the update on how to become a better YouTuber 😮😊
  17. @CommentChaos_1: Good advise
  18. @TheSparkCinema1: Thanks brother ❤
  19. @ToonedOut-o1u: ❤❤
  20. @diamondoma247: If funny how I’m just seeing the advice now😂, I know that I’m not alone in this😂.

- How to BEAT the TikTok Algorithm in 12 minutes: Kind: captions Language: en There are a lot of misconceptions about the Tik Tok algorithm in 2026. You've got all these wannabe gurus out there telling you to use the midnight photo effect to post a specific way to your stories, use the text feature, or engage from the bottom up. It's just a bunch of random tactics that are supposedly going to blow your account up overnight. And what's really frustrating is that even some of the Tik Tok educators that I actually respected have started creating content like this. They've stopped teaching the things that actually help people grow and instead they're pushing these gimmicky strategies that just get them more views and engagement. >> How about new? >> But we're not doing that today. If you don't know me, my name is Mike Yanda. I went from zero to 10,000 followers on TikTok in under 45 days. And more importantly, I have over 10 years of experience in the social media marketing world helping online coaches to grow their audience and their income. I've helped clients like Jared here to go viral and make $75,000 in his first month on TikTok. and I helped Bridget grow her brand to the point where she was making six to $8,000 a month. That way, she could stay at home as a full-time mom. And then there's Mike, who recently took my 30-day Tik Tok growth challenge and took a new account to 22,000 followers and got over eight people to join his coaching program at like $1,800 a pop. So, in this video, I'm going to take you through exactly what I know about the Tik Tok algorithm and how it works in 2026. It's all of the things that you need to do to grow your account without any of the bull. A lot of the advice that you're seeing in your FYP lately, including the things that I mentioned earlier, are completely false. There's just a lot of creators right now that are either a telling you what you want to hear, or b making these outlandish claims that are completely untrue. That way, they can increase their own views and engagement. But underneath all this seeming complexity and the mystery around Tik Tok, the algorithm is really quite simple. And the good news is that the algorithm is going to do everything it can to help you as a creator to break through and get views. The Tik Tok algorithm's number one job is to keep people watching videos and staying on the app. And because content has such a short lifespan on Tik Tok, even if it's a viral video, the algorithm is constantly looking to fill viewer demand by finding more good videos on the same topics. And they need a lot of creators to do that. So, as long as your content is good, the algorithm is going to do everything it can to push your videos and get you to keep making them. But the good content part is the key phrase there. And so, I think it's important that you understand how the algorithm works and what it defines as good content that it's actually going to push to more people. You see, Tik Tok intentionally stalls videos at 200 views, and it runs a small test to determine whether your video is deserving of being pushed to more people, whether it's actually going to make people stop and watch and stay on the app for as long as possible. So, if the first two to 300 people that watch your video swipe past it or don't watch it very long, then the algorithm has no reason to push that content anymore. That's why so many creators feel like they're stuck in this 200 view jail. But when you post a video and those first 200 to 300 people stop and watch the video and finish it at a pretty high percentage, maybe even go to your profile and binge some of your content, those are really strong signals. That's what tells the algorithm, "Oh, this is something that people want more of." And that's when the algorithm starts pushing your videos to bigger audiences. What you have to keep in mind is that Tik Tok does behave a little bit differently depending on where you're at in your creator journey. If you're a brand new creator or a smaller account, Tik Tok is still trying to figure you out. It's learning who you are, what your content is about, and who it should be showing your videos to. So, the algorithm is actually using random people in that 200 view sample audience during the testing phase. This is why so many creators see their videos stall out in the early days and they feel like they're in that Tik Tok jail. It's not because you're shadowbanned. It's because your account isn't clearly categorized yet. Tik Tok just needs more content and more data points so it can actually figure out who the audience is for your videos. Now, when it comes to more established creators, things look a little bit different. The algorithm already has a pretty clear idea of what their content is about and who their ideal audience is. So, even though Tik Tok is still testing their videos on the for you page and often to people that don't know who they are yet, it's actually serving their videos to a better quality sample audience. Instead of guessing, Tik Tok is showing those videos to around 200 to 300 people that are already interested in the topic. That's why established creators tend to do much better in the test phase and consistently get more views. In both cases, the algorithm is putting every creator through the exact same process. The only difference is how well it understands what your content is about and who you made it for. Now, if you have questions about the algorithm, let me know in the comments. But if not, we're going to move on. The next thing I'm going to share with you might feel a little bit counterintuitive, but it is going to help you grow so much faster. If you want to beat the algorithm or have the algorithm favor your content, I actually want you to stop focusing on the algorithm so much. Instead, I want you to swap the word algorithm with audience. Because at the end of the day, Tik Tok isn't making random decisions about which videos go viral. It's just measuring how people respond to your videos. So, when you're starting out with a brand new Tik Tok account or you're a small creator who hasn't broken through yet, it's really important that you get crystal clear on exactly what your content is about. You need to ask yourself, who is the typical viewer that I'm making content for? What is it that they want to hear about? What is it that they want to learn? What are the things that they need help with? It's really important that you get clear on who your content is for and develop like a focus or a theme for your account. That way, the algorithm can more easily categorize you and find the people that are actually interested in your videos. That's what it really means to niche down. And I always recommend that you choose a niche where you have real experience or expertise or at least a very deep passion about the topic because you need to be able to connect with the viewers. It's a lot easier to understand what people want to see in your videos when you have a lot of knowledge and actually care about the problem you're trying to help people with. That's exactly why I chose this niche when I started this YouTube channel because I wanted to help people to grow and monetize on Tik Tok because I had years of experience helping business owners to grow their revenue and their audience with social media. And when I was trying to figure out Tik Tok for myself, there was just so much conflicting advice out there. So, I set out to create the videos that I wish I'd had when I started. Content that didn't hide the ball, wasn't full of BS strategies, and actually gave you like clear step-by-step actions that you could take in order to get results. And that's what I want you to do. Find a niche where you have experience and you care a lot. And then make the videos you would want to see. Now, despite what the wannabe gurus would tell you, there are a lot of little things that the Tik Tok algorithm just doesn't care about. One of the biggest ones is posting time. There is no magic time of day that is going to make your video go viral. No matter when you post, Tik Tok is always doing the same thing. It's testing out your content, seeing how people respond to it in order to decide whether to push it further. Another myth is that you need to post an insane amount of content every single day. You do not need to post 20 times a day, even though I know that there are people that are pushing that right now. Here's the truth. Tik Tok has actually come out and said you only need to post one to four times per day. That's it. And if you just post one video per day consistently, you're going to be absolutely fine. The algorithm isn't going to punish you if you miss a day either. You just want to avoid those long breaks from posting. Now, I also want to talk about hashtags and SEO as well because this is one of those things that people are getting halfway right. And if you're not familiar with SEO, it means search engine optimization, which is just a fancy way of saying using keywords. That way, you can show up in search or in the case of Tik Tok, you know, using the keywords to get categorized so it can show your videos to the right people. So things like the words you say in videos, the topics you talk about consistently, the text that you put on your screen, and the words that you write in the descriptions of your videos, all of those things are going to be data points that help the algorithm figure out what your content is about. Hashtags work the same way. It's just a signal to help the algorithm categorize you. But there's not any kind of mechanism where you're using a hashtag and that increases your likelihood of going viral. You honestly don't even need them anymore because the algorithm has gotten so good at understanding the context of your videos. Over time, it can figure out who to show them to just through the repetition of your topics and the words that you use. At the end of the day, the Tik Tok algorithm is a very simple robot, and it only wants a few things. It wants content that makes people stop scrolling and actually watch. And it wants content that makes people watch all the way to the end and content that makes people want more of the same kind of content. And that usually shows up in one of a few ways. Either from them watching your video and then going and searching for related topics, or even better, by going to your profile and starting to binge all of your other videos. So, if you really want to beat the algorithm, you need to stop trying to hack the platform with these little gimmicks and tricks, and instead focus on two things. Number one, make your topic painfully obvious. Too many creators talk about too many topics, and it confuses the algorithm. You need to make it crystal clear what your content is about, and the easiest way to do that is to create three to four themes or content pillars and then just making videos on those things over and over and over again. And I mean repeat them until you get bored, until you feel like your audience is going to get bored because that is the level of repetition that the algorithm needs in order to consistently categorize you and show your videos to the right people. And this is important for you to understand. Even if you get bored with your content, your audience never does because your videos are constantly being pushed on the FYP to completely new people that have never heard of you before. And even your repeat viewers that are hearing the topics over and over again, it's going to help them to learn and understand hearing you word things in a different way. The repetition also forces you to get creative and to talk about these topics in new ways, which leads to you eventually finding that perfect combination that actually goes viral. The second thing to focus on is just making better content, developing that skill as a creator. Because even if your videos are shown to the right people, if the content isn't good enough and doesn't keep their attention, it can still flop. That's why content research is so important. Pay attention to other creators in your space and the videos and topics that are already working for them. When you see a video that gets way more views than that creator normally gets, save it. Those videos are telling you exactly what your audience wants to see. Model those videos in your own content. Don't copy them word for word. Just make your version of it. Share your beliefs, your expertise, because when you model content that's already done really well like that, you're greatly increasing your chances of getting more views because those are the videos that people want. You also need stronger hooks both with the text that's on the screen as well as what you say in the first 3 seconds of your video. Because if you can't get people to stop scrolling and to continue watching your video, then your views are dead in the water. Your goal is to make people feel like they have to watch your video. Like if they don't watch it, they're going to miss out on something. And if they can't watch it now, you want them to feel compelled to save it so they can come back and watch it later. Now, if you're serious about growing on TikTok and you feel stuck, either as a new creator or somebody that's hit a bit of a plateau, here's exactly what I want you to do. You're going to post at least 10 videos using the framework that I'm about to share with you. Not two, not three, 10 videos. And the reason for that is simple. You need enough data points to see what's actually working and you need enough reps to actually improve your skill as a creator. So, here are the rules for the challenge. Rule number one, pick one niche and then choose three to four like subtopics or content pillars that all of your content is going to fall into. Every video you post should fall into one of those buckets. And if you want, you can drop a comment below telling me what your niche and what your content pillars are, and I can let you know if they're too broad, cuz I understand that this can be a little bit confusing. Rule number two, do real content research. Study other creators in your niche. Find their outlier videos and save them. And while you're scrolling before you page, pay attention to any videos that genuinely make you want to just stop and watch. Those videos are going to teach you what a strong hook and headline actually looks like. Rule number three, for the next 10 videos, you are not going to post whatever you feel like posting. You are only going to model your research videos and put your own spin on it. Take the videos you saved and create your own versions of them. Use the same hooks, use the same headlines, but share what you believe about the topic. This dramatically increases your chances of getting bigger views because you're responding to proven demand instead of just guessing. Rule number four, once you've posted all 10 videos and they've had a couple of days to get views, you're going to go back and you're going to study them. But here's the important part. I don't want you to look at your analytics. I don't care about your watch time, your retention rates, your drop off in the first 3 seconds or any of that. Your only scoreboard is which videos got the most views. Those are your winners. Once you've identified your winners, you're going to let them guide your future content. You can make more videos on the exact same topic in different ways. You can use the hook for a different one of your content pillars. The point here is to iterate on what's already working. And as you're planning your next 10 videos, I would make about 30% of them based on your winners and the other 70% based on content research that you're doing. Once you have that, go post videos 11 through 20 and then repeat the process again. Your goal is to reach 100 videos as quickly as you can. And the more you go through this process, the more you're going to learn about what actually works for you and your account and for the audience that you're developing. That's when content creation and coming up with ideas and planning what you're going to post becomes so much easier. The last thing that I want to leave you with is that you need to treat your Tik Tok account like an investment instead of day trading. If you post a video and you're constantly checking your analytics and your views every few minutes, you are absolutely going to lose your mind. You need to completely detach yourself from how any individual video performs. You want to just go out there, post your video, move on to the next one, and then after you have 10 videos or two weeks of videos, then you want to look back and analyze what worked. And that's when the views matter. You're using the videos that got bigger views as clues to figure out what works for you. That's the entire game. Now, I have one more resource for you that's going to help you spot and avoid all the fake guru BS that's currently in the feed because it's gotten really bad lately. I want you to watch this video up on the screen where I break down all of the things that I wish I'd known when I started on TikTok. It goes deeper into what matters, what doesn't, and the things that you should focus on that actually move the needle. I think you're gonna like it.

  Top Comments:
  1. @gleebuscollects [1 likes]: I don't mind being in 200 view jail. It's better than being in 0 view hell!
  2. @gotraderpros [1 likes]: My niche is day trading. I teach people how to day trade. My lives be really getting people in the room and it does good. My posts is another beast and I’m struggling in this part
  3. @REWARDAWARD: This must've not worked I think
  4. @the_alpha_h: My niche is Gaming and my main motive is to get more views from bloodstike game player
  5. @Nanaclubbb: Im a new account and I get 0 views, how this is even possible???? 😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭
  6. @RuhHakawina: Great info thx❤
  7. @joemalik3562: Really new to TikTok and 2 weeks in posting from + in studio and get around 240 views limit every reel (10 second shorts) a few likes and odd follows but I tried posting a video via creator insights- content gap - into my niche… but views for it were much lower and yesterday posted new video again just from TikTok studio and Zero views? I’m panicking now as reliant on TikTok to break the testing phase and get it out there but if no one is able to see it then it’s a huge problem?
  8. @adustduck: I post my twitch clips on tiktok. My content is random but usually a clip from my stream, should i change it up and fokus on a specific niche ?
  9. @Bossavik6969: Nice video❤
  10. @youstinalocas7871: if i am a center that my posts including - marketing about our courses - and bible studies short reels - and life coaching and real life hacks reels how to manage all together in one page or do i have after these years to split the accounts? i only want to spread the word not making money --- and this strategy works with all social media as (facebook - instgram - tiktok and youtube?)
  11. @EshalFatima-e3h: It's very very nice vadio and very informative vadio 👌 I really like this wonderful vadio thanks for sharing this wonderful vadio and ip web is the best earning website thanks for ip web
  12. @HadirMahmoud-te4gm: This video is full of creative ideas and very entertaining! I found this clip through IPWeb and really enjoyed watching it. Great content and excellent editing!
  13. @Rawaz_muhamad: I made a TikTok account 4 days ago first video got 60k and second got 500k still going but after that my 3 videos are on 1k with better average watch than first 2 videos i think TikTok still testing my videos and trying to show many different people i know the switch to blowup is near or i hope it is 😅
  14. @vursaleif: The truth is, people just don't like my music 😭
  15. @MafiNoob: Is it worth of time ? Btw I am from ip web
  16. @trina941: If Im showing wresths that I ceeate should I put Handcrafted wresths or Home decor for my titles when ai post the wreaths so tiktok knows what I'm about? I usually put the type of wresth It is.
  17. @LuckyJasss: Niche: gen z -millennials pop culture. Current music, fashion tips, lifestyle
  18. @mateuszbaginski6991: Costanza pazienza e rispetto sono la base del sistema e algoritmo . se hai pazienza con i big ecc ;) non ci sono trucchi .. e l'algoritm poi lo vedo come un collega di collaborazione ;) 4.7 visalizzazioni? dei quali chissà quanti profili bot . e il live quei 4 milioni ti serviranno pococ ;) specifica prossima volta : per chi non ha pazienza . ma dopo un mese o due rimane deluso con quel 5 milioni . grazie ;9 non e una critica ma un opinione particolare
  19. @RaihanTheOn: Honestly, I've tried a dozen of these, and IPweb is actually legit for some consistent, easy pocket money. Been using it while watching Netflix for a few weeks now. Thanks
for the breakdown!
  20. @ByronJoeDavid-Daveed: My content is Anime edits. Any suggestions and/or advice?

- Paddy Galloway - a man with 100 Diamond play buttons.: Kind: captions Language: en from 50 channels creating barely any success to&nbsp; over 2 000 people on the waitlist waiting to pay&nbsp;&nbsp; you 600 plus for an hour of your time to discuss&nbsp; YouTube Paddy Galloway is one of the most sought&nbsp;&nbsp; after YouTube Consultants who really knows what&nbsp; makes a great YouTube video and I predict that&nbsp;&nbsp; over the next five years Paddy and his team will&nbsp; create over 100 Channels with 10 or more million&nbsp;&nbsp; subscribers here's why I'm so confident in my&nbsp; statement Paddy didn't get into this position&nbsp;&nbsp; by the virtue of luck or just talking himself&nbsp; up as an expert YouTuber rather over the last&nbsp;&nbsp; 10 years he experimented and he experimented a&nbsp; lot those 50 channels that I described with a&nbsp;&nbsp; great learning material because he was able to&nbsp; figure out what makes a good video in a niche&nbsp;&nbsp; subject say like Irish hip-hop and also what&nbsp; are the patterns and different things that you&nbsp;&nbsp; can do in the video to make it globally popular&nbsp; product a general advice you will receive today&nbsp;&nbsp; and Penny will be one of those people who'll&nbsp; share it focus on your audience make sure&nbsp;&nbsp; whatever the subject you cover really relates&nbsp; and resonates with that already create great&nbsp;&nbsp; thumbnail create grid title and make sure your&nbsp; audience watches the video until the end but&nbsp;&nbsp; what is a great title who is your audience&nbsp; what constitutes a great thumbnail these&nbsp;&nbsp; specific questions are really hard and this is&nbsp; why Paddy has more than 2 000 people waiting on&nbsp;&nbsp; that list to talk to him because depending on&nbsp; the audience that you face the niche that you&nbsp;&nbsp; cover the different kind of videos that you&nbsp; produce the answers to these questions will&nbsp;&nbsp; vary and Paddy over the course of working with&nbsp; all of those different creators as a consultant&nbsp;&nbsp; working directly with some of them as a full-time&nbsp; employee experimenting on his own channel was able&nbsp;&nbsp; to generate enough information in his Data Bank&nbsp; to become a student of YouTube and produce the&nbsp;&nbsp; answers to those specific questions you might&nbsp; have already seen Paddy's content about one of&nbsp;&nbsp; your favorite YouTubers those are insights that he&nbsp; produces to share how he thinks through different&nbsp;&nbsp; problems that the YouTubers are facing and you&nbsp; can follow Paddy on Twitter in addition to his&nbsp;&nbsp; YouTube to learn more about some of his Basics&nbsp; that he constantly shares but the beautiful part&nbsp;&nbsp; about Paddy leveraging the social media is that&nbsp; this becomes essentially the top of the funnel&nbsp;&nbsp; that points towards his Consulting license you&nbsp; see you could read that kind and you can watch&nbsp;&nbsp; his videos and consume that information for&nbsp; free but you could also jump on a call with&nbsp;&nbsp; him and discuss specific problems that you are&nbsp; facing with your YouTube channel his expertise&nbsp;&nbsp; will not come cheap an hour of his time through&nbsp; the regular consultation call is creeping up to&nbsp;&nbsp; 700 per hour and if you're lucky enough to make&nbsp; on the list of individuals who he's willing to&nbsp;&nbsp; work with on a retainer basis for the next few&nbsp; months he will charge you anywhere between two&nbsp;&nbsp; to eight thousand dollars per month Mr Galloway&nbsp; warrants this investment because if you think&nbsp;&nbsp; about the most modest impact that you'll make&nbsp; say about 10 percent increase in revenue on&nbsp;&nbsp; your channel if you're the channel that produces&nbsp; about 20K per month that's about two thousand&nbsp;&nbsp; dollars which means you pretty much can cover&nbsp; the fee every month that goes towards Paddy but&nbsp;&nbsp; if you're a creator with say hundred thousand&nbsp; dollars in Revenue every month that 10 all of&nbsp;&nbsp; a sudden adds up to 120 000 per year not too&nbsp; shabby considering the fact that Paddy went on&nbsp;&nbsp; the record describing cases where he doubled and&nbsp; even tripled the viewership and the revenue for&nbsp;&nbsp; some of the channels he worked with naturally&nbsp; this points to the fact that you kind of need&nbsp;&nbsp; to be pretty well established YouTuber in order to&nbsp; justify the investment of seven to eight thousand&nbsp;&nbsp; dollars in services from Paddy Galloway but where&nbsp; does it leave a Creator like myself with less than&nbsp;&nbsp; thousand subscribers who is willing and really&nbsp; hungry to learn from someone like Paddy Galloway&nbsp;&nbsp; Unfortunately today there isn't necessarily a&nbsp; solution but here's what I think Paddy can do to&nbsp;&nbsp; reach that 100 Channels with 10 or more million&nbsp; subscribers go today his top of the funnel the&nbsp;&nbsp; social media and the inbound Outreach that he&nbsp; receives from other creators really just Falls&nbsp;&nbsp; straight into his lap but he can introduce two&nbsp; additional layers to this cake the cohort based&nbsp;&nbsp; learning and the junior strategies or Consultants&nbsp; by the way Paddy described kind of model like this&nbsp;&nbsp; so it's not the original thought I just have a&nbsp; few spins on it here they go when it comes to&nbsp;&nbsp; Junior's strategies the best part about them is&nbsp; that he can teach them to be those individuals&nbsp;&nbsp; who can take care of that mid-tier channels&nbsp; who are on the inbound sitting on that wait&nbsp;&nbsp; list they can dig through that wait list of a&nbsp; one hour calls after all I suspect those are&nbsp;&nbsp; the majority and I also suspect the level of the&nbsp; Insight you can deliver on the one hour is pretty&nbsp;&nbsp; similar and wouldn't necessarily be something that&nbsp; strategically will impact the channel to the point&nbsp;&nbsp; that it warrants Paddy is spending time on all of&nbsp; them so they can pre-filter them take care of that&nbsp;&nbsp; burden when it comes to the cohort based learning&nbsp; I actually don't want to call it a course because&nbsp;&nbsp; course assumes a fixed curriculum and a time&nbsp; limit on how long it lasts I'd rather have a&nbsp;&nbsp; peer group that I pay for every month I can join&nbsp; them discuss my videos work with them brainstorm&nbsp;&nbsp; on their ideas and we would all grow together and&nbsp; because of the frequency at which YouTube changes&nbsp;&nbsp; I don't think you can just come up with a single&nbsp; strategy and move on with it you kind of have to&nbsp;&nbsp; constantly iterate and Paddy and his team of&nbsp; Junior strategists can kind of like purse it&nbsp;&nbsp; in from time to time into those cohorts and help&nbsp; them work through certain problems to play Devil's&nbsp;&nbsp; etiquette when it comes to this kind of like&nbsp; layered cake approach Paddy did went on record&nbsp;&nbsp; saying that he has a concern about the efficiency&nbsp; of that structure after all right now he has full&nbsp;&nbsp; control and he can directly impact the outcome&nbsp; of the channels with which he is working but he&nbsp;&nbsp; doesn't want to lose that he doesn't want to&nbsp; dilute the value that he produces by spreading&nbsp;&nbsp; too thin introducing too many channels into&nbsp; the picture but here's my Counterpoint to this&nbsp;&nbsp; argument each individual channel on his waitlist&nbsp; represents a unit of learning that helps him&nbsp;&nbsp; become better at learning YouTube and each one of&nbsp; those individual channels whether it will fail or&nbsp;&nbsp; succeed is a unit of learning that accumulates and&nbsp; adds to his knowledge Bank the thing about YouTube&nbsp;&nbsp; is that I fully believe it's gonna grow we right&nbsp; now still covering only about 1 billion of viewers&nbsp;&nbsp; there are 7 billion more viewers to go and with&nbsp; the expansion and addition of more viewers to the&nbsp;&nbsp; platform the niches will become more segmented&nbsp; and narrower as well as the complexity of the&nbsp;&nbsp; audience will increase because you will have&nbsp; more people of different various backgrounds&nbsp;&nbsp; interests viewing habits introduced into the&nbsp; same picture because of the fact that Paddy is&nbsp;&nbsp; focused only on this narrow set of creators who&nbsp; he can work with personally and directly that&nbsp;&nbsp; really minimizes over time the amount of learning&nbsp; that he has as the entire platform expands so in&nbsp;&nbsp; order for him to keep up the pace with all those&nbsp; learnings keep up the pace with understanding how&nbsp;&nbsp; those niches functions he has to have more data&nbsp; points together at the same time which means he&nbsp;&nbsp; has to have a broader net of Junior strategies and&nbsp; potentially those cohorts where he can accumulate&nbsp;&nbsp; the data bring it into the center learn digest it&nbsp; understand and segment how different niches and&nbsp;&nbsp; audience work and feed it back into the system&nbsp; to increase the chances of those channels who&nbsp;&nbsp; are participating in his Consulting business to&nbsp; succeed the challenge here is how do you set up&nbsp;&nbsp; the system to capture all those data points and&nbsp; digest them transform them into the actionable&nbsp;&nbsp; results and feed them back into the system but&nbsp; that becomes more of an operational problem&nbsp;&nbsp; I've solved those kind of operational problems&nbsp; before they are complex at the very beginning&nbsp;&nbsp; but they get better as you go through it and&nbsp; the worst case he can work with someone like me&nbsp;&nbsp; the best part is that if someone like me with sub&nbsp; thousand subscribers say enters this cohort group&nbsp;&nbsp; maybe this is where I grow together with my fellow&nbsp; cohort members from thousand subscribers to 100&nbsp;&nbsp; 000 subscribers at that point on the junior&nbsp; strategist picks me up and we work together&nbsp;&nbsp; from say 100 000 to 1 million subscribers&nbsp; and at 1 million subscribers if I'm lucky if&nbsp;&nbsp; I'm growing fast enough and I'm dedicated I am&nbsp; upgraded to the ultimate cohort where I get to&nbsp;&nbsp; work with Paddy Galloway directly and we take&nbsp; my channel from 1 million to 10 million plus&nbsp;&nbsp; this is how I think by structuring his business&nbsp; Paddy Galloway will be able to create over 100 10&nbsp;&nbsp; million plus subscriber channels I love seeing&nbsp; how this industry evolves I started this video&nbsp;&nbsp; or the script for this video with the idea to&nbsp; describe another of Paddy's business but we'll&nbsp;&nbsp; get back to it in the next video keep doing&nbsp; some very interesting exciting things there as&nbsp;&nbsp; well in both of his businesses the new one and the&nbsp; consultation really point to the maturity of this&nbsp;&nbsp; industry so I'm definitely excited to continue&nbsp; learning about it covering it figuring out how&nbsp;&nbsp; can I apply my business separation skills into&nbsp; this new space and there'll be plenty of other&nbsp;&nbsp; interesting opportunities for us to learn from&nbsp; other creators and if you're curious to learn&nbsp;&nbsp; more about similar kind of development topics well&nbsp; check out Colin and Samir I made a video about&nbsp;&nbsp; them personally endorsed by those two guys it's a&nbsp; lot of fun and they have a different take on how&nbsp;&nbsp; you can help the creators grow and if you learned&nbsp; a lot from my videos you enjoy my kind of content&nbsp;&nbsp; don't forget to hit the like button subscribe to&nbsp; my channel and I'll see you next Saturday peace

  Top Comments:
  1. @elizabethford315 [1 likes]: Very interesting topic, wish you tremendous growth on YouTube✊🏼🍀
  2. @jeanbardot306 [1 likes]: That’s an incredible achievement 😮😃 always amazed by the people you talk about in your videos

- Should you do YouTube SHORTS? - with Paddy Galloway: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] youtube short we ran a mastermind retreat for creators last week in crete and this was one of the topics that we talked about many youtubers in the room some of them really big channels but they hadn't done shorts yet because they say it's gonna damage the it's not good for the algorithm it's gonna harm my channel because it's gonna reduce their avd there are also smaller youtubers who started doing shorts and who managed to grow their channels very rapidly what is your opinion on youtube shows who should do this so i i do think it's it is good for for smaller channels but you have to remember that a lot of these smart channels grew very rapidly but the numbers are almost like fairy dust like does it do that doesn't really exist so they might be getting you know 10 20 million views a month but that's not converting into revenue or like loyal subscribers and that's not to say that you shouldn't do shorts but it's also just to kind of always keep that in context of how these channels have blown up with shorts um i'm sure like that you know there's like the addison ray's um these big tick tock stars the the demilios and things um that um you know they've built really big businesses and you know they're they're doing really well but that's like you know that's like the the cristiano ronaldo or the messi it's like the you know the 0.001 percent and a lot of people make short form content and have five or 10 million followers and barely make you know enough to live on now maybe they could be doing better with their business and i know i do know people who are really bullish on short form content and like do product placement and stuff and they make decent money doing it but i just think that's to be always taken into consideration i think i think smaller channels it's still worth trying and it's still worth experimenting i think for bigger channels it just comes down to this simple question if you make shorts are they gonna still be interesting to your your existing audience to your the audience you're trying to build your channel around because if you're just making shorts for the sake of going viral what's the point whereas if you're making shorts that still fill the same gap and still and still like they're almost like just what happens if your videos just look like 60 seconds like they're the same kind of content i think you can still do it there's no like algorithm punishment i work with a channel recently doing 150 minutes a month and they post um like the majority of those views come from just 10 minute videos but they post lots of shorts um i i know for for sure and it's just like a practice what you preach thing i'm not going to make shorts on my channel because i've got a very specific format i don't want to mess with that by posting like lower quality videos just in the sake for the sake of going viral so like like a lot of things it's very nuanced that's very situational it depends on on the context you're in like some channels i see an advise yep you can give them a try some people say i say there's no real need to do them um but the punishment that people are worried about that was a factor at the very start it's not a factor anymore um youtube youtube have made changes to um the way shorts are integrated in browse and the way that affects your channel so that there's no negative punishment it's more just that there's no algorithmic punishment it's more if it is any punishment it might be just that the audience like don't like them and don't watch them so so the general advice i'd say is if you're a small channel i think it's just the idea is just to just try everything you can and just try different things just don't think shorts are like the saving grace like they're not necessarily going to just change everything for you if you're a bigger child with an existing audience i would just say be careful but don't don't think you can't make them for some algorithm reason give them like give one short try but just make sure it's it's closely following the content you're making so for example like on my channel i try to do detailed video breakdowns but if i was to look at what works well on sort on shorts i've seen lots of these videos which which are like how much does this youtuber make and it's like 60 seconds of like how much does this user make he makes 60 million because of this this and this and they're not educational they're not interesting they're just like how much he makes if i was to make those videos maybe they'd do well but they're not bringing in the right audience and there's kind of like almost watering down my value proposition i don't want to be a channel that just makes like videos on how much this person makes i used to do that like two three years ago but now i want to be someone that focuses on like high quality educational content and that doesn't fall in that category

  Top Comments:
  1. @SpeakEnglishWithVanessa [4 likes]: Thanks for posting! 😊
  2. @AmigosIngleses [1 likes]: Nice one Jan! Good to know. 😁👏
  3. @BTSDaily7: Thanks for the information.
  4. @user-hl2cw4ow8x: Thanks for posting ;)

- How to go on shift as a rookie in the LAPD. (Sorry About The Brightness).: Kind: captions Language: en Hello everyone. My name is Jay Vice and I am the leader of the Los Angeles Police Department, the police chief. Today I'm going to make a video for the rookies. How do you go on shift? All right. So, first things first, you're going to come over here. You're going to grab your uniform. Once you grab your uniform, your rookie uniform, this is what you be rocking till you finish your uh your training, your FTL ride alongs. All right. So then you're going to come over here and you're going to meet with your FTO. Your FTO is going to spawn his vehicle and he's going to park it in the garage while you come over here and grab the gear in this gear or actually sorry let me make that a little bit more clear. You are going to spawn the vehicle and then you are going to put it in the parking garage. So, we come outside. Grab your vehicle. Your FTO selects your vehicle. By the way, guys, grab your vehicle. Then, you're going to come in the parking garage and put it in the parking garage. This makes seem uh more realistic. And, you know, to be honest, it just looks better. You're going to close your garage. Always want to close the garage. Nobody gets in or out. All right. Okay. So, then you're going to come over here and you're going to And then you're go to the armory. You're going to you're going to grab a shotgun and you're going to come over here and you're going to put it in your trunk. All right, let's open our trunk. All right, so now we open our trunk. We're going to put our firearm B6 in there, a shotgun. All right, let's keep our trunk open because we still need more stuff. And then we're going to come back over here and grab our Glock 17 back. And we're going to make sure our weapons are filled with ammo. All right. Next thing we're going to do, we're going to come over here and you're going to go to your gear. Make sure you have the following on you. Your duty belt, your taser. All right. Now, make sure you have all the stuff on you. Duty belt, taser, all that. flashlight, radar gun, you know, MDT, radio, you know, citation book, and your ID or your badge, which would be like your detector badge, you call it. That's what you want to have on you for your 10 slots. All right. Now, you're going to come over here and you're going to you're going to type takes gear bag. Now, once you take the gear bag, you come over here and you're going to put it in your trunk. With comes your gear bag. It's going to be your baton, your beanback shotgun, your binoculars, your cones, your fences, your detective uh your evidence markers, your fire extinguishers, your flares, your pepper spray, your barricades that should be in your trunk, your police tape, your riot shield, your stop stick, spike strips. All right, so now once you finished all that, let's open your let's open up the trunk and then you're going to put that stuff in there. Oh, I'm so sorry. We don't talk about it, guys. All right. Then you're going to put your stuff in there. And once you put your stuff in there, you're ready to roll out with your FCO, but there's always a butt. Yep. Before you even roll out, you need to go straight to roll call. Our roll calls, you never want to be like, you're going to take your seat. Take a seat anywhere. You you you rookies usually sit up front so you know everything. your sergeant will give you your sergeant or captain or lieutenant, stuff like that will give you your assignments for today and your patrol zones and stuff like that. Now, once you do that, you're going to come over here and you're going to come back over here to your vehicle. Now, once Oh, that's the HP. Once you come back to your vehicle, you're going to be ready to head out. Just turn on your engine. And now you're going to start heading out. And that's that's how you get out the station. And that's that shows what a rookie does before they patrol.

- They Have to Defend Themselves For The First Time | Rookie Cops | Full Documentary: Kind: captions Language: en [music] Echaria 15. >> Police emergency. Is he breathing? >> No, [music] he isn't. Echarome. Echome. >> In possession of a knife or bladed article of public play. >> I'd be lying if I said I didn't feel [music] like a rabbit in headlights. >> What would it be like to become a police officer for the very first time? >> I am [music] never ever going to get the hang of this. >> You feel like you're an impostor. 24 [music] rookies in Lincolnshire are about to go from being ordinary civilians to fullyfledged [music] cops. >> I feel this gut-wrenching ache. >> It will be their job to confront the most violent criminals. I'm cacking myself. >> Please open the door. >> I'll let you go [music] as you've got the taser. >> The job will impact everyone they're close to. >> I wouldn't scare my dad with what I get up to [music] at work. I am fearful for him. She'll always be my little lamp chop six. >> The law is in their hands. [music] >> Walk away now. >> Whether they're ready or not. [music] After [music] months of training, a new batch of rookie cops has hit the streets to learn on the job. [music] I've been pushed out of my comfort zone. You go out there and people look at you, they hadn't got a clue. They look at the uniform and assume that you know exactly what you're doing. >> I look at that badge and I think I'm actually doing it. It's not pretend. >> I absolutely love doing the job. It's addictive. The chase, the buzz, you know, going into the unknown. There's no other job like it. It is strange thinking I'm in charge and really I haven't had that much life experience. You know, I think being a young lad, I've still got a long way to go yet. But you've got [music] to step up to the mark. You've got to be responsible. >> Do you know what my problem is? I think I've got my head up my ass half the time. Like I just my head's in the clouds. >> No, it's definitely what you ask. [laughter] Rookie [music] Jack is spending his first 3 months partnered with Andy, an officer with 8 years experience. They're stationed [music] in Boston, but have to patrol a vast area, which means they spend a lot of time together on the road. What do you want to see more of? >> I'd personally like you [music] to see you being more of a cop out on the streets, spotting stuff, looking around at people, being suspicious. That's normally what people join the job for. To go out and catch criminals, >> right? >> What do you think I've joined the job for? >> I don't know. Only you've not told me. So, >> speak to people. >> That doesn't catch bad guys, is it? And ultimately, that's what we're we're here to do, is it? To prevent crime >> of what we're here to do. >> It's a large part of what we're here to do. >> Jack seems to question everything. I understand that deep down it's what is because Jack wants to learn, but I can see how some people um may see that as being um a little bit argumentative cuz I wanted to prove myself to Andy. I'm thinking right, I'm going to stop somebody today. So, I'm really looking out, but I'm not just going to stop anybody because I don't want to do that. I want to stop somebody that's suspicious. So, it's about really like switching my eyes on my police eyes and and looking out. >> Jack has only 1 hour left on his shift. So far, he hasn't made any arrests. >> Not what else are they [music] doing? >> We happened to be driving down this side street and I saw this couple and it looked like they were exchanging possibly drugs or something. It looked very suspicious. Anyway, >> hi. >> Hello. >> As we came around the corner, you you looked quite sheepish as well. >> I looked at a car. Please go. >> Yeah. And you got your hands in your pockets. Have you got Have you got anything on you at all? >> How you're behaving now is making me think that you've perhaps got something on you. >> Okay. >> So, I'm going to stop and search you. >> Right. If you just keep your hands out your pockets and I'll search them. Thank you. >> Have you been in trouble with the police? >> No. for anything before? Neither of you. >> No. And it's >> Is this the first time this has happened to you? >> Yeah. >> I gave Jack some feedback about um his proactive police and within 5 minutes he'd wanted to stop somebody and stop searching. I don't know if that's that's quite what I was I was looking for. >> I'm just going to search your pockets if that's all right. >> Just got these. Yeah. Right. Okay. That's fine. That's fine. All right. Thank you. >> A thorough search of Jack's suspects turns up nothing. >> He's got proper attitude. He had >> I turned around said to him, "Didn't ask for your attitude. I asked for your address." >> What did you notice about those two then that made you want to turn around? Well, they sort of move closer together. And I'm like, it just looks a bit weird. >> But you didn't find out though, did you? >> No. >> So, you just stopped two innocent members of the public. Well [laughter] done, Jack. You are a bully. Well done. >> Suppose as a member of the public, if if you're not doing anything wrong, uh, and you and you do get stop searched, I can imagine how that probably feels and why somebody might be defensive. I think what my problem is is a confidence thing. You know, I might come across as quite confident, but I don't want other people to know that I'm not too sure about how to deal with things. And that's not just members of the public. That's everybody in Skeess. Rookie Dan started working as a new police officer a couple of [music] days ago. You can >> tell I'm the new boy. Look, getting some shine on here. This evening is his first [music] night shift. >> I'm putting this on now, polishing my boots. I'm going to walk out that door and I don't know what I'm going to be doing. Is it going to [music] be busy? Is it going to be quiet? >> You hit that blue light. [music] You're like Moses parting the sea. [laughter] Eventually, Dan will graduate to policing the streets alone, but for now, he's partnered with Carl. >> Although he's an experienced officer, this is his first time teamed up with a rookie. >> 30 years ago, people would join at 18. >> Now, you don't find many police officers below 20 at the minimum. >> I'm 30. I'm still young, but I've got a lot more life. Can't tell properly my hair. Receding hair. >> But >> I'm 30. >> I'd rather have the receding hair. A little hair than a massive jaw, though. >> Oh, but >> they're [music] on their way to visit a couple Carl knows well. The rookies are discovering they get called out to the same people again and again. This couple has a history of domestic violence. These two, we have numerous numerous dealings with them. On this occasion, he is just literally ringing her up saying, "I love you. I want to get back with you." And my advice is going to be or your advice is going to be to change a number tomorrow. >> Hey, Debbie. >> It's police. >> You rang us, Debbie. >> What? >> Are you going to sit up? >> Debbie. >> Debbie. Debbie knows the police so well that she's quite happy to greet you from under her duvet. >> Let's have a quick chat. >> Does that little heater next to you not work? >> It's freezing in here. >> Oh, that's why you got your coat on. >> You going to my face? >> It's a birth mark. >> It's been there since I was born. Yeah. >> A lot of people you find don't say anything. The skirt around a subject. It's quite refreshing when people just ask you what is it? I wish I could give you a really exciting story. >> I wish it was like rescuing somebody from a houseire or abducted by aliens or something like that, but it's not. It's boring. It's birthmark. I was prepared for it. I'm signing up to this job. I'm going to get abuse. People are going to call me all the names under the sun. That is prominent on my face. I know it's a pain in the neck and you may say I should don't, shouldn't need to do it, but for an easier life, get that number changed. Yeah. Order and >> hopefully it'll help. All right. See you later. >> Dan Hunt isn't the only rookie in Skeg Ness. >> Dan Healey [music] just moved here from Rochdale. >> It's been hard uprooting my life [music] in order to achieve my dream job. You know, I've had to I've had to move away. Dan moved into his new flat a month ago, [music] but it's taking time to settle in. >> This is the living room. Obviously, you can see it's quite empty at the minute, but going to be looking at getting a sofa this week. That's my housemate's room. We won't go in there cuz it's like a man cave. Don't even know what's alive in there. This is a spare bedroom. This will eventually have bunk beds in here for my children. >> I love my daddy. I became a dad at an early age, early 20s. You know, some people would say it's too young. >> Dan's daughters, aged four and 8, live with their mother back home 3 hours away. >> Probably been about 15 months since separated from their mom. It was a mutual agreement. There wasn't a mutual agreement, but it's hard being away from him. I speak to him every day. I see him on me days off. Spend all my days off with him. But yeah, it's hard. You know, it's it's a sacrifice I've got to make. I want to make my girls proud, and that's the biggest thing you've got. As long as my girls are proud of me, that's that's what make keeps me going at the end of the day. >> Dan's been partnered with Mick, a former sergeant in the military police, who hasn't failed to notice Dan's [music] slightly unconventional appearance. >> Dan looked different to a lot of the officers you get. He does have tattoos which is something we don't come across very often. >> I've said out >> what about me appearance? >> No, nobody will say anything because it's acceptable. When I started only 5 years ago, tattoos were as a big no no you know few years time I'm sure pink moakans with shaved sides of the heads will be acceptable. Not offending you anyway m >> it's Dan's first night shift. They've been called to Laos. Usually a sleepy market town, but not tonight. >> Listen, he's drunk. He needs to go home. All right, take him [music] home or put him. >> With Christmas just around the corner, hundreds of people have flocked into town to party. >> You all right, guys? How you doing? All right, guys. [music] >> This is the first time as a police officer that Dan will [music] have to confront a potentially hostile public. >> Well, I'm not from York. Manchester >> public order is adrenaline fueled. You've got to be on your ball because you're surrounded by drunks on a night out. >> What we'll do, there's another pub down here. We'll just have a walk around and we'll just do a lap of the block. >> That was my first night shift with Mick. And he don't know me too well. So he was like, [music] "Do not leave my side. Stay with me." >> Experienced officer Mick knows [music] that the atmosphere can turn violent in any. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. >> Yeah. Yeah. >> Start walking to use a taser on the notebook. >> Can we have some assistance at Samuel, please? >> Stay down. Stay down. >> M was on wrestling with a guy on the floor. >> No. Stay down. No. No. Stay down. >> And then the door staff are asking for help cuz they was having problems with somebody else. >> No. You're a police officer stood there in uniform. You can't just stand there and watch and say, [music] "I'm sorry. I can't come and help." You got to go and help. It's your job at the end of the day. They don't know you're on your first night shift. >> Stay down. >> All right with him. Listen, fella. Stand up. Stand up. Walk over here. >> I'll get up and I'll get up and go. >> You going to stay around there? Yeah. Just leave around here or you don't want to get locked up, do you? >> One of the most important rules in policing is never to turn your back on your partner. A rule Dan is now breaking. WALK AWAY [screaming] NOW. >> WALK AWAY. >> NO, NO, I'm not listening to Right. I'm not listening to you because you're pissed, mate. I'm deal with my >> He kind of wandered off from me on a street. You don't know what's around the next corner. So, you need to really keep visual contact. >> You come back this way, you'll be getting locked up. [music] >> Come back this way, you'll be getting locked up. So, go that way. >> Don't come back near the pub anymore. >> If it's kicking off, if there is problems, [music] you need to be able to see that person. >> No, there was a couple of blows kicking off in the band. kicked him out. >> Backup has now arrived and the situation is under control. >> Sorry man, I didn't realize. You just got to watch where the other officer is at all times. >> Okay. I thought you was behind me. >> Obviously, when you make mistakes in the job, you know, you're not happy about it. >> But Dan's not the only rookie learning from their mistakes. Julia's about to experience a baptism of fire in the drug world. >> Police, open the door. >> I had no idea [music] what drugs look like. Oh, this is heroin. Is it? All right. Okay. [music] You smelt the bacon. Hm. >> 45-year-old mom Julia just gave up a [music] career as a driving instructor to fulfill her lifelong dream of becoming a police officer. Being one one of the older ones, I was wondering if I was going to manage to [music] uh sort of keep up with them and take on board so much learning. I'm not as worried as I was when I first started. It's all starting to slot into place now. Do you want to flick the blues on? I'll just check the back ones. >> Yeah, they're definitely on. >> Julia has six weeks left with experienced officer Pete before she starts policing on her own. >> Their shifts have been relatively uneventful until tonight. >> The killer Romeo want to be deployed to the following address, please. They've just been called to help a man named Wim who says he's been attacked by his friend. >> I want that man out my house. Yeah, he punched me one time. The glass is gone. See the friend in your >> Yeah, it's all right. >> But Wen's friend is nowhere to be found. >> Are you sure you've not seen him leave at all, have you? >> Uh, no. >> Can you come down to the police station and we get a statement from you? Taking accurate statements and being able to analyze them is a crucial part of the job. >> We'll get it sorted. All right. >> But this is the area Julia's least confident about, especially when there are drugs involved. >> So, it's about sort of two months ago he started to get paranoid. Yeah. >> Cuz he's a smackhead, >> right? He's he's on uh he's on he's on he's taking drugs, is he? >> Yes, he's a smackhead. And >> yeah, what sort of drugs is he taking? vitamin and >> have you ever taken drugs before? >> Um, alcohol and tobacco. That's it. I had never ever come across anything to the point of sort of somebody would say to me, "Oh, do you know what what cannabis smells like before I started doing this job, I had absolutely no idea. Do you want me to read it out to you if you don't mind?" >> Yeah, not a problem. He fell asleep at about 10:00 a.m. A man came round and he split her bag into two and told me to give the other half. >> Julia's lack of knowledge of [music] the drug world means she's missed a crucial revelation in Wen's statement. >> How it reads is technically he has had ad admitted to drug dealing in his own statement. >> We're having an argument about the amount of heroin that was in the syringe and he was saying I was lying about it all. I'm not sure if Julia has clocked the fact he's admitted to this as yet. >> He kept saying I was pissing him off. >> How do you think that statement went? >> Um, have you picked up on anything he's admitted to doing? >> Uh, have you got the statement on you? >> Yeah. Go on. What have I uh >> He's split a bag into two and told me to give >> possession. Is it just possession >> supply? >> Yeah, >> because he's he's gone. Yes. So, we're talking about Yeah. Did you >> There was It was racking in my head about hang on a second. There's all to do with heroin and everything else where where's this going? >> It started to dawn on me that ah yes, it was because he'd been given it and then he gave it to someone else. So, it was like oh yeah, bit of a light bulb moment [laughter] that was when talking to Pete. Although he technically admitted to drug dealing, Julia and Pete are more concerned with catching the friend who allegedly attacked him. It's New Year's Eve. All [music] the rookies are on duty tonight. But for Jack in Boston, working during [music] the festive season takes some getting used to. I keep getting messages from all my friends before I came to work who were all out at parties [music] um wishing I was there but obviously some people have got to work and I'm one of those people this year. >> Happy New Year. >> We need a cell. >> I know you too. >> Dan is also busy policing the streets of Skegness. >> There you go. But not all the officers are enjoying themselves >> cuz they put it on everyone. >> It came [music] over the radio. Somebody pressed their red button which have on top of your radio. It's like an emergency button and it was my colleague Ellie. You get like a like an alarm go off in your rear. >> Where's our colleagues in there? and you just hope they're not getting their head kicked in. >> A female officer has been dragged to the floor in a busy. >> She would only press her emergency button if she was in serious danger. >> Shut the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up and get him out. >> Dan and his colleagues from all over the area drop everything to come to her rescue. >> Well, we get >> on your feet. This has got blood in it. It's going to have to go in the back of that van. ain't got a cell, but we'll sit him on it. Sit him in the back. >> That was my first bit of confrontation I'd had to deal [music] with. If maybe the night before somebody had told me, "You're going to have to go to an assistance call tomorrow where an officer struggling. [music] It's kicking off in the pub." I probably would have worried myself sick thinking about it. >> It's going to have to go around this side, guys, cuz it's there's no selling >> It's funny. Adrenaline just kicks in. And I went in, got stuck in, didn't fear, wasn't scared, dealt with it. And it was only afterwards I thought, >> "Wow, we did it." And didn't even think about it. >> I couldn't see anything because people everywhere. I go, "Go to the bar staff. Where are they?" And he was like, "They're down there." >> Back at the station, everyone's relieved that Ellie wasn't hurt. >> He was nearly over the doors [laughter] so he couldn't get out the door, so we decided to run through the people. Dan's face was like, "Thank God you're here, mate. Thank god." >> It's quite reassuring when you get there. You see everybody rocking up. Everyone drops what they're doing and just gets there, which reassures me a bit knowing when I'm going to press mine or if hopefully I never have to. But if I press mine that they'll all come running, >> it's New Year's Day. After working until 7 a.m., he's finally getting to spend some time with his husband, Danny. I [snorts] haven't had any jobs yet where there's been mentions of knives or anything. >> Good. >> But it's all right at the minute. It's all right at the minute cuz >> Cal's got a taser. So, that's not too bad. >> We'll get a taser. >> Danny also works for the police, but not on the front line. He's an operator in the control room. >> When you put that stab vest on, >> you just get on and do it. >> It's like [snorts] you're playing a part, isn't it? When you get the uniform on, >> you're not Daniel. You are then PC Hunt. >> Thankfully, you're here to offload to. It must be difficult when there's offices and they've got nobody at home. Unlike the newlyweds, Dan Healey faces an empty house to go home to each evening. His family are 3 hours away, and he can barely afford to furnish the place he's renting. £50 quid for that. £169,100 quid starting salary is £19,000 a year. It's not a bad pay, you know, but is the starting salary worth it for a probationary officer? And my in my opinion, absolutely not. It is low [music] compared to people in other jobs. You know, you get people working in supermarkets or, you know, in some restaurants that earn more than us. You know, they not got the dangers you've got to face. Could lose your life at the end of the day. You know, [music] >> Dan's about to [music] start a late shift in Skeg Ness, which means tonight he'll be working until 4:00 in the morning. >> My little girls, have a look at them every time you're going up to shifts. Go ahead, mate. >> Within minutes, Dan and Mick are called to an emergency. >> Domestic. She's She's called in from a phone box, though. >> The call is from a woman who phoned 999 after claiming to be attacked by her partner. >> We're not sure what's happened yet. We'll find out when we get there. >> Yeah, always. [music] >> [music] >> One of the most rural police stations in Lincolnshire is in Sleford where rookie [music] Mark has just been stationed. >> No, I grew up in um West Bromage near Birmingham. We were quite a distance away from um any kind of greenery any if and if you wanted greenery, you'd go to a local park or something. Nothing [snorts] like this. It was a world away. Absolute world away. Mark is starting a new career at 46 years old. He's finding being a rookie a bit of a challenge. >> Does that go anywhere in particular? >> If you go back into custody. >> Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. >> Some already there. And just fill in that form on top form. Yeah. That blue. >> Yeah. And then I'm presuming somebody will pick it up. >> Yeah. Cool. >> It does feel a bit strange being the new boy and and the new um cuz they use that term a lot of student officer. You think of students as you know late teens and early 20s and I'm Yeah. Far from that. >> And as the rookie, it's his job to make the tea. >> Thank you, Mark. >> It's a modern form of bullying. >> I don't want to do it at all. Does this look like the face of a man who likes making tea? >> Are we ready, Dad? Should we go on with it? We're >> there. Yeah. Are we there? Yeah. >> Mark and his partner, Mike, are in charge of policing an area that's over 200 square miles. They've just received a call about a uniquely rural crime. Hair crossing, an illegal sport. They have greyhounds or nurture type dogs and they chase hairs and rabbits across fields. They tend to film it and they they place bets as well over which dog can catch the, you know, the rabbit the quickest. They end up sort of ripping the rabbit to bits. Mark and Mike pull over a car that matches the description of the suspected hair courses. It even has greyhounds inside. >> All right, boys. Static. Attending vehicle check, please. >> Where are you from today? >> Middlesborough. >> Middlesborough. Long way to come walking the dogs. >> As we pulled over the car, I saw straight away there was five quite stocky fellas in there and there were three of us. >> What's your date of birth? >> I've done [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] nothing wrong yet. got the it's all right just chill out fellas it's all right >> rural poling is a lot more different from policing in the towns or cities you know if your nearest backup's 15 20 minutes away it's a long time to be holding on to somebody sometimes you you do befriend people just to keep them on side >> brother >> yeah you're obviously the baby brother aren't you >> no he's the baby [laughter] >> you're obviously the baby >> you don't want to have to scrapping with somebody while you're waiting for your backup. >> I'm not feeling your right, man. I'm just checking your pockets of gas. >> They haven't found anything incriminating on the suspects, but their story doesn't quite add up. >> We haven't been out the car. >> Right. Okay. If you're saying you haven't been out of the car, that's not under caution. All right. >> Mark and Mike don't have enough evidence to make an arrest. They have no choice but to let them go. >> Thanks for your time anyway. See you later. Hopefully not. Oh, we haven't been cing. They're all covered in mud. Yeah, we haven't even got out the vehicle. But they're covered in fresh mud though, aren't they? Yeah, I think. What's the saying? Prove it. Prove I was hair coursing. 30 mi away in Skegness, Dan and M are heading to the house of a couple well known to the police for their violent fights. Rookie Dan Hunt already dealt with Debbie when she hid under her duvet, but this is Dan Healey's first encounter with her. >> I want them arrested. >> For for what? >> Well, for what he's done. >> So, you want to make a complaint of assault about them? >> Domestic abuse is one of the most difficult cases the rookies will have to deal with. It's often one person's word against another's. Dan needs to get to the bottom of what happened. >> At what point did he slap you then? Because you've said he pulled your hair. You called him a dirty fat bastard and you ran down the stairs. Then >> it was just before went >> just before you ran down the stairs he slapped you. So which room was you in when he slapped you >> in the kitchen? >> Passage is fatal attraction. >> Debbie has been known to assault her partner in the past. Because of her allegations tonight, they have no choice but to arrest her partner. giving evidence. Do you understand that, mate? >> It's just an allegation that you actually saw Debbie tonight. So, >> take her side all the time. >> Allegation from her, right? >> You're a liar. You liar. >> I'm single at the minute. Uh, no lady in my life, apart from the only ladies I need in my life are my two daughters, but I've no love interests at the minute. It's not to say I'm not looking, but I'm taking applications. Let's put it that way. Although none have come through the door yet. >> What do you think your biggest mistake so far is? >> Obviously I've made mistakes, but they're only like little ones. I don't think they've been like terrible. Right. You're frowning, which means I've made some massive ones all the time. >> Is that where it's pig? It's been 2 days since Jack stopped and searched a young couple he mistakenly thought were dealing drugs. Now he's coming to the end of another 11-hour shift with his partner Andy. >> Just try not to irritate people. >> Try not to be yourself and piss everyone off. >> Just put on as long as you're not yourself, Jack, you'll be fine. After a stressful week, Jack goes to see the one person who understands him best, his mom. >> You know something, Jack? Remember that what Andy teaches you and how you are when you go out on the streets is going to reflect back on Andy. >> Oh, no. I know it. >> For a long time. >> Yeah. No, I know it is. >> And you won't understand that until you're actually a mentor yourself. and you're mentoring somebody who's stubborn or, you know, thinks their idea, theirs is the right way and whatever and you want to strangle them. >> When when he gave me that feedback about not being proactive enough, it did cut quite deeply because I don't feel at the moment that I've got the knowledge base to make a quick informed decision and that makes me more reluctant because I don't want to get it wrong. If he thinks I'm just going to stand there AND NOT LET OFF HIS HEAD, MATE. >> All right, just just come and stand on the pavement. >> Jack has just started his weekend foot patrol of Boston with his partner. And >> you stop going off of me. Don't you stop. >> Don't put your hands out and push [screaming] me. >> Stop swearing. Stop being abused. >> Being out amongst the public isn't something Jack felt brave enough to do when he was younger. >> I remember being absolutely terrified of walking two streets away because I used to get bullied. >> Bit of a dark alley. walk down there on your own on a dark night. >> No, definitely not. [music] >> I'd have people that were following me to my friend's house and they'd egg friends houses. >> Wouldn't dare leave the house and when I left the house, I'd feel sick. My vision would go, >> you've got your friends that are going out to parties or to pubs and that's something that I never had the confidence to do. And I feel that [music] they stole that from me. He was bullied as a kid and that is awful as a parent. That is awful because you want to go out and you want to kill those kids. Jack had a real problem. Don't wish that on anybody. Don't wish that on anybody. >> You all right? >> Okay. What's happened to you? >> Jack, [music] >> have you had too much to drink or have you had something else? I ended up having to get the police involved and that's when it stopped and that was the first time really that made me think I'd quite like to do join the police because they've made a real difference to my life. >> Can you stand? >> And I found since being out there that there's many people that can't look after themselves and they need me. I've got to help them. >> Thank you very much. >> Yeah, that's fine. >> Okay. Thank you. >> He's not walking too bad now, is he? >> Not too bad. I've walked worse than that. >> He's not hit either of the walls. >> Today, Julia has the day off. She's heading down [music] to London to see her son, James. I was never at home when he was growing up cuz I I was still driving lries. I used to be away all week and I'd get home and David would sort of say to me, "Oh, he's done this this week and he's done he's done that." and you'd sort of be going, "Oh, come on, boy. Just just go and do it for me while I'm here." Um, so there was a heck of a lot I missed out on with him growing up. >> Hello, baby. >> Sorry, I've sat everybody down. >> You're all right? >> Yeah. You okay? >> I'm all right. >> 6 months ago, her 22year-old son followed in his mom's footsteps. James has just been accepted into the Metropolitan Police. >> This is where I go. Is your tie straight? >> Well, [laughter] yours isn't. So, >> isn't it? Oh, well, you sort me out and I'll sort it. Buddy up. >> Thank you. >> Both of us at the same time in training and everything else. It's quite quite surreal. We never never thought that that would ever happen. When Julia was sworn into the Lincolnshire Police, there were [music] just 24 new officers. But today, the Met have nearly 300 rookies passing out. Commissioner turns around and says, "Oh yeah, we've got 32 burers and 32,000 police officers. That's um that's quite staggering really when you sort of come down from about 1100. when they come down. >> Julia might be a police officer, [music] but it doesn't stop her worrying about what James will face on the job. >> Well, I'll always worry about him. As I say to him, look after yourself. He'll always be my little baby, even when he's 70 years of age. [laughter] That's two of us now. Really tough for him. not emotional in any way, shape, or form. >> As long as he's doing something that he enjoys doing, that's the main [music] thing. And if he's enjoying it as much as I am, then yeah, he'll be having a bit of fun, I think. >> Come here, my baby. >> I'm not as worried as perhaps you think about mom going out [music] because I know that she can handle herself. She's a tough cookie. I think she understands the nature of it. Julia may be tough, but she's about to really be put to the test. >> Back on ship, they have a lead on the heroine user that attacked his friend. They're heading off to track him down, and Pete isn't taking any chances. He's bringing his taser. Control [music] 2 L [music] >> in Boston. Julia and Pete are looking for a heroin user accused of assault. >> Just for your info in case we shout up, we're just doing an arrest attempt. >> Can't get in cuz the seti go around the back. >> They have two addresses to search. >> I'm going to lock. >> Unsure of how dangerous the suspect might be, Pete has his taser at the ready. I feel pushing Julia now into more complex [music] and confrontational situations is going to be good for her. >> Metal bar. >> Those situations where people may want to fight with us or may have weapons is helping her [music] gain that confidence upstairs. I'll let you go as you've got Hello, please. No, not behind there. No, he's not here. With the first house empty, the second address they need to search is the home of a neighbor. >> It's the police. >> I've had an allegation of assault, so I'm arresting you on suspicion of actual bodily harm. You do not have to say anything, but it may harm your defense if you do not mention when questioned something which you later [music] rely on in court. >> Julia finally gets her man. Yeah, I have one under arrest. If you could inform custody, please. I'm getting used to this arresting lock. I think 20 m away in Skgnesses, Dan and Carl are answering an emergency call from a woman who's just been in a fight with her boyfriend. It's another of Carl's regulars. >> I know him. >> Oh, you know him? >> Yeah. We were there a few weeks ago actually for another domestic. >> It's not long until Dan starts policing on his own. It's important for him to take the lead on more complex jobs like this one. He bit me and push me out at set. So I bit his arm. He's got a big mark on his arm when I bit him. And then I threw me Lamborghini bottle at him which is all over that wall as you can see. We obviously need to know how far you want this to go and what you want to do >> I don't want to feel like I've wasted your time, but I don't want I don't want him to get too much trouble because I hate his guts, but I love him so much. >> I know. I know. >> I thought, yeah, I'm prepared for everything. Yeah, I I'll be all right with this job, but I've not had to deal with many women that are sobbing and that are upset. What do you say? >> I mean, he's such a good lad. When he's not drunk, he's so nice. So caring about everybody else, he's just when he loses his temper. And we've been trying to get counseling for what, 5 months now, and we've not got nowhere with that. No one. >> Dan soon realizes there's more to her situation than he first thought. >> There was like a wall unit, and it was a bit of a shrine to a baby. >> So had a bit of an inkling when we went in cuz I saw it straight away and she'd recently lost a baby. >> I know he's grieving cuz he >> Yeah, you're still grieving over >> but he's grieving worse than me because when it happened it were me what were getting all the support and he were just he was supporting [music] me. So we never got to grieve properly and now I think it's catching up on him and I think that's why he's losing his temper even more. >> We have to ask you some questions anyway. domestic abuse questions like >> I know obviously this is sad news what happened but is there any other children [clears throat] >> I do not know these questions off the top of my head so we get given an aid memoir so for me it's even more awkward because I'm sat there reading it and questions like that you want it to be really natural and for the information just to come out in conversation and not just be so blunt as if to say right question number three this. Do you feel isolated from friends or family? >> I just don't like going out. If people come to see me, they have to come here. >> So, since I lost Bobby. >> Yeah. So, you've been feeling depressed. >> Oh, God. Yes. >> What the plan is is obviously we need to speak to him about it. He's been quite amicable with me on the phone. I'm going to try. >> What does amicable mean? That means good. >> Good. Yeah. >> Carl knows the family, has a good rapport with them. And I just can't wait till I'm at that stage where I've been doing it a while and I know what I'm doing and I feel comfortable and I know people. I just think it'll make it a whole lot easier. >> See who that is there. >> Hello mate. You all right? >> Help me mate. How you doing? >> You look like you've been running. >> Yeah, I've just been jogging a bit. I was supposed to be exercising but it's not going very well. I don't envy you, but good luck anyway. Cheers. >> Chucky from the house. He's just burgled. >> Dan and Mick are waiting for their first call of the night. >> What was you like at school then? >> Uh, not proud to say, but you know, I never really went to school towards the latter years. Got excluded just before my GCSE. It's just cuz I never went. I decided to work instead. >> I totally regret that now. >> Is this it now? Is this your dream job? This is all I've ever wanted to do is a job after leaving school with no qualifications cuz not everyone can say they've they've got the dream job. >> Mobile >> control from Echo Fox 5. >> We got a call that a male had just been hit round the head with a hammer. A hammer attack is the most severe incident that Dan has been called to so far. their first on the scene. >> There was blood all over the floor, but he [music] was still alive, which which was a positive. >> Despite being whacked on the head, miraculously, the victim is still walking and talking. >> How many times shoot you with a hammer? >> Uh, I don't know cuz first there was screaming. >> She's arrested now. She's in custody. So, all we need to do is get you better, get you squared away, and we'll get a statement from you as soon as we can. All right. >> Now, their job is to gather as much evidence as possible before the detectives arrive. >> I hate pictures. >> I know, but it's it's for evidence, >> Well, you know, Facebook. >> No. No. >> Dan, just take a picture. This half. Then do exactly the same there. Then >> Mick wants Dan to take control of the crime scene. Something he's never done before. >> Right. Description of him. Description what you've seen on the floor. Yeah. >> Quick description of the room and his two houses and the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] alleyway. Quick as possible, mate. >> I would just start it off. >> Just whatever arrived at scene. >> I don't know. Is that all right? Like that's the first time I've ever done that. They don't. >> Don't worry about it, mate. Honestly. >> Hello, SGE. >> As Dan left school when he was 15, paperwork is one of his biggest challenges. >> I need to put what time you got here, don't I? What? >> Doesn't matter. >> As long as it's something. >> Me English grammar wasn't the best. And it's still not to this day. And that's something I'm working on >> so far. I mean, it's probably badger. >> Certainly scary. You're thinking, "Oh my god, there will be very experienced detectives are going to be involved in this." >> If it helps you, like I say, you can draw bird's eye view, front door. Don't have to be neat. It's just a scene and it's just >> I need to make sure I'm doing it right cuz any cockup could effectively hinder the investigation. I've filled this out best I can so far. It's first time I've ever done one of these. >> Yeah, it's all right. Don't worry. >> After half an hour, the detectives arrive to take over the crime scene. Dan has to hand over his report. >> That's fine. >> Dan is 22 minutes past 8. >> You're doing a really good job, mate. >> Have you got everything you need? >> Dan's had a bit of a baptism of fire tonight. Give him a very, very quick brief and chucked information at him. He's taken it all on and he's done what he needed to do. >> But I did see her walking off in that direction. I think it shows how much he's developed to be honest and how much I feel that he can and what he can do and my confidence in him. >> Dan Dan Healer, you're all right. >> I like to think I handled that job well. As far as I'm aware, there was no cockups. [music] I joined the job because I wanted to stand up for what's right and what's wrong and to help let my children grow up in a safe environment. I mean, I know I'm not a oneman band. I'm not Superman. I [music] can't change the world all on my own, but I can certainly help. >> Police officers [music] now, we're not just out to catch bad guys. We're the social worker with the paramedic. We're everything really, as much as we can be. Seeing how some people live, it's made me realize I have actually [music] lived a pretty sheltered life. And I thought I'd had a bit of life experience. Clearly [music] not. >> Next time, [music] the rookies prepare to say goodbye to their partners and start policing on their own. >> This job will change the It just wrecks [music] you. Wrecks your family. Jack's tested to the extreme when his first solo arrest quickly turns violent. >> Get your hands behind your back. >> It was a little bit scary. I'm not going to lie. I definitely remember that one. >> And Dan has to deal with the near fatal stabbing on his first day of working alone. >> I thought, "This is it. This is what I signed [music] up to do." Absolutely buzzing.

- Sneak Peek: The Curse of the Last Shift - The Rookie: Kind: captions Language: en I fixed it, because I'm a genius. And humble. And icky. There we go. All right, back to work. To taunt the curse some more. What curse? Why would you say that in front of Bailey? I'm sorry, sir. It's nothing. It's a Harper superstition, curse of the last shift. I-- nothing is going to go wrong today. OK? I promise. Whoa. Hey, how can I help you? Hi. Yeah, uh, Josh Randall. I just bought the house next door. The police? Is there a problem? Oh, no, not at all. I'm Bailey and this is John. We live here. Oh, cool. I've never had a cop for a neighbor before. Anyway, I just wanted to stop by and bring you this. That's so nice! Very sweet. But we should be the ones giving you the "welcome to the neighborhood" bottle. Well, it's not exactly a welcome bottle. It's more of a "sorry for the inconvenience" bottle. I'm tearing down the house next door this weekend and it's possible it might get a little-- a little noisy. No! No, no, no. I got it. We're actually getting married this weekend. Here. Yikes. [music playing]

  Top Comments:
  1. @Ultramonk27 [98 likes]: Kevin really needed a break from all those pranks in Brooklyn
  2. @BlackCondor88 [58 likes]: Nolan and Bailey are pretty much Celina’s parents at this point
  3. @theblueboxtardis [18 likes]: Can’t wait for the new season to air in the UK 🇬🇧 🙌😀
  4. @hello.super.secret [6 likes]: JUST FINISHED IT! They just had to leave chenford beefing (it was lucy’s fault)
  5. @ItsMaximumV [6 likes]: Nolan and Bailey getting marry was a plot twist
  6. @yourboymalikcoleman8731 [3 likes]: Celina stop it😂😂😂😂😂
  7. @Carlosbigdaddy420 [2 likes]: Thank you for the sneak peek
  8. @kunalkhushisati311 [2 likes]: Anyplans for releasing in india
  9. @Sahilprakash1999 [1 likes]: Nolan: i fixed it cuz I'm a genius
  10. @pres1dent_of_fun [1 likes]: Keviiinnnnnn come on now ur married to a police captain 😂😂
  11. @kellycraddock269 [1 likes]: Hey I'm a big fan ❤❤❤❤❤
  12. @RowdyVasquez-y5k: Season and episode
  13. @kevgibbons929: 0:10 is my reaction when I leave brownies or cake in the oven way too long
  14. @rkproductions7180: Harper has the “Q” word.

Nolan has the “C” word.
  15. @ՄիլենաՄարգարյան-է5գ: I guess Nolan got a "C" word, which is prohibited in his shop, just like Nyla's "Q" word😂😂
  16. @jimhershey5487: Why cut out the funny reaction of Bailey looking at Nolan after both that guy and Celina leave their place???? Thats the funny part
  17. @horrordancer541: I’m guessing Seth and and Miles at a new rookies
  18. @arish_xo: "Never got a cop for a neighbour before" but you do for a husband 😂
  19. @johndahlia2071: i'm really tired of the lucy and bradford part of the show for the past couple seasons , but otherwise , a great show
  20. @kamseyee: omg

- Bradford Stops a Chase on His Night Off - The Rookie: Kind: captions Language: en Thattaboy, baby! Come on! Rams defense needs a stop here One more! One more stop. to have any hopes of a win. That's all we need. One more stop. ♪ Go, go, go, go, go ♪ Newscaster: We're coming on air live with a car chase in Los Angeles County. Oh, come on! The driver has been eluding police for the better part of a half-hour. ♪ All flash, they ain't ready for the Nikon ♪ [ Sirens approaching, helicopter blades whirring ] ♪ I'ma spazz every time they turn my mic on ♪ ♪ It's a new day, you're on the grind now ♪ ♪ I'm thinking "Who dey?" ♪ Dispatch, Officer Tim Bradford, badge 34831. Log me in for overtime in pursuit of a high-speed suspect. ♪ Do we keep it moving, I'ma slide ♪ ♪ If you ain't about it, you ain't sly ♪ [ Engine starts ] ♪ I can tell just looking in your eyes ♪ ♪ You ain't really ready when it's jumpin' ♪ ♪ Calculating all the functions ♪ [ Sirens wailing ] [ Tires screech ] LAPD! [ Wailing stops ] Put your hands outside the window! Open the door from the outside, and step out of the car! You sidestep over to your left, face down on the ground, arms out to the side. You got him? Woman: All good. ♪ Whoa, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, whoa, oh, oh ♪ ♪ I'm gonna win for you... ♪ Announcer: The ball is tipped, intercepted by Weddle -- Tim: Yes! Run, Weddle! Run! He's at the 20, the 10... 00:01:13.156,00:00:00.000 [ Shouting indistinctly ] Touchdown! Eric Weddle!

  Top Comments:
  1. @badrgamer9119 [1 likes]: The best episode opening in a full series 😂😂
  2. @aljaluna1607: Bro clocked in for thirty seconds of overtime. Gotta respect the dedication.
  3. @michaelquinn7710: How super unrealistic this is
  4. @crisoliveira8730: 😂😂😂😂😂😂
  5. @endefisto123: You don't get between a man and the sport he likes to watch.
  6. @DanielWilliamIronside: Now everyone knows where Tim lives...
  7. @deadmanwalkin9912: By far the most badass scene in the whole show. 😂😂😂🙌
  8. @bananacathammock: One of my favorite cold open
  9. @Omega0850: Well, thats 30 seconds of overtime...
  10. @solveigberg1253: 🤘🤘🤘😂😂😂cool scene snd funny😂
  11. @TheTribalgame: He didn't clock back out
  12. @Midgarldnir: That's the world i want to live in!
So many cops, some may just come out of no where and go straight back to their lives afterwards
  13. @eknowledge7309: True hollywood nonsense, in reality that speeding suspect would have crushed Tim without hesitation and Tim would have left the world half march.😂😂😂😂😂
  14. @My_Hair_Is_0n_Fire_2023: This is one of the best show intros I’ve ever seen!  Hilarious
  15. @monster21blog36tv: It was funny him jumping up and down watching football😅
  16. @forgotmyusername: Got paid for a 30 second overtime 😂
  17. @rohanb3402: 0:09 scoreboard shows 4th & 3 but it's 1st & 10?
  18. @vincentroberts3508: I love how we go from questioning Bradfords intentions to others to feeling bad for him when he has to stop his game for a crime
  19. @dinsteadofa5733: Colorfully
  20. @apexpredatorghost1949: Hot mud lost in the wild

- This Unknown YouTuber Gained 1 Million Subscribers in 6 Months: Kind: captions Language: en in the space of six months this guy here has gone from an unknown youtuber to well over one million subscribers matthew beam's crazy building videos have trended all across youtube and he's even managed to collaborate with his idol holy crap that looks terrifying on the surface this might just look like someone finally catching their lucky break but check this out matthew had no growth for years and then suddenly blew up last september the interesting thing is that literally a matter of days before this growth started he tweeted this telling the world he was going to change youtube forever how is this even possible how can one guy blow up this fast and somehow know it was going to happen well you see last august matthew finally figured out his very own three-step strategy a strategy that would make him go viral every single time he uploaded and it starts with step number one the attention hack what do mr beast erak and dream all have in common they all sparked their growth on youtube by using train jacking the technique of using trends or other youtubers as topics for your videos mr beast and dream transact pewdiepie and iraq transact the paul brothers in theory it's the perfect strategy to grow a channel you don't have a following so you make a video on something or someone that does effectively stealing that audience and bringing them onto your channel there's two problems though one lots of people do this now so there's lots of competition and two the youtube algorithm has changed over the years you can't just put someone's name in your title and expect it to blow up but matthew beam has managed to invent tranjacking 2.0 he found a new way to use this tactic to his advantage you see in the past he was like a lot of struggling youtubers he was making similar videos to his favorite creators but getting zero results he needed to hack youtube attention and that's when he came up with his train jacking series with one of his first videos in this style blowing up and hitting 4.4 million views but what made this series so effective well firstly beam focuses on the right viewer the videos on screen are on different topics but share a common young male audience there's no point making a video on a trend if it attracts the wrong viewer next he turns transacts into collaborations for example in this video why would mr beast not want to help him out it's free promotion for his business if you don't mind i don't think i can eat a thousand pounds of chocolate so after all this hard work you're just gonna melt it kinda subscribe if you haven't already the reason matthew has got access to so many big creators is because he realizes that collaboration is an exchange of value the upload timing for these videos is very intentional this was released three days after mr b's chocolate was announced 8.7 million views this was released five days before the spider-man movie was released 15 million views if you want to ride a trend you need to either get on the wave right before it takes off or at its peak this video series is also very repeatable which is key you see most people who create a successful train jack video then have the problem of capitalizing on that momentum but what if you made your entire channel into a trend jack in the last 6 months 70 of his uploads have involved a trend of some form these four traits make up the basis for his videos but in my opinion the most important point is you could take away the trend and these videos would still be interesting look what happens when we remove the youtuber from this title and thumbnail it's still a pretty intriguing video it follows the youtube meta of showing something unique it makes you pause and want to click beam essentially attaches trends to viral ideas however there's an issue with this strategy because 99 of youtubers could take these exact ideas and still not get any views beam's out here pulling 21 million how often do you see a youtuber at the start of their journey hitting views like this you see there's something he's doing that is making the youtube algorithm recommend him like no one else which brings us on to step number two capturing the new viewer so much of going viral is down to how well you can hold a new viewer on your video an extra minute of watch time could be the difference between a video getting 10 000 views or a hundred thousand views let's take a look at the tactics matthew uses in action by breaking down this video it all starts in his intro strategy you see data shows us that on average youtubers lose about 40 percent of viewers in the first 30 seconds but beam has a very clever way to prevent this from happening i'm gonna be building a real life minecraft village this is a village i built as a child it is complete with three houses a farm and a giant stone church and today we're gonna build them all in real life in this field the only problem is i haven't told my friends yet so what are we building this week let me show you we're gonna recreate this village but in real life you wanna build this entire thing yeah the entire village this is gonna take weeks unfortunately we only have seven days to finish until a massive snowstorm comes in so we have to build this extremely fast before it snows he's got a three-piece formula that he uses for almost every intro like a lot of the best youtubers he starts with a one-liner he explains the video concept in eight words then gives the video a motivation a personal story relating to his childhood this establishes the what and the why but the third part is what is so important matthew always creates an enemy that he needs to beat in his video in this case the enemy is the snowstorm that's about to hit his city this creates an unrealistic deadline giving the video tension and purpose from the offset there was also something else that happened in the intro that is very important to outline watch this scene again you want to build this entire thing yeah the entire village this is going to take weeks okay now watch this tactic used again later in the video shipping alone is fifteen hundred dollars matt are you sure you wanna do this yeah this is what is known as an audience proxy essentially his friends and family are used as characters that add tension by stating things that the audience are thinking too this is going to take weeks are you sure you want to do this these are the same thoughts the viewer has by showing multiple scenes like this in the video we're constantly reminded of how big the stakes are it's a really smart way of keeping the audience engaged without matthew having to constantly tell us by himself he's using other people's reactions to build out the story this is combined with frequent mishaps and things going wrong in the video [Music] oh my gosh no he aims to show something going wrong at least every two minutes this creates a constant feeling of tension we just don't know if he's going to be able to complete the challenge now of course beam also has a crazy pace to his videos check this out to make sure our minecraft blocks are the same as the game aaron hand cut a bunch of stencils so we can use them to paint so our blocks are exact so we've been painting for three hours and so far we've only done 10 boxes and we still even put the stencil on this is some of the fastest pace editing on youtube in total there were 510 cuts in this video that averages at 1 every 1.1 seconds he also constantly switches between aerial b-roll and voice-overs the video is never allowed to get boring all these tactics are used to make sure a new viewer has no opportunity to consider clicking off there's just action and you can't take your eyes off it in just a minute i'm going to show you a personal message from matthew himself but first we need to talk about the one thing that tied this entire strategy together which takes us on to step 3 becoming a thumbnail genius everything we've talked about so far is useless without a good thumbnail so what makes beam and his team so special well there are two main parts to a thumbnail the concept and the editing the concept is crucial it doesn't matter how good the editing is or how beautiful it looks if it isn't clickable the video will flop the first thing i want to point out is how matthew borrows a lot of his concepts from other successful youtube videos check this out and this now notice these are not actual copies they are still original he's not a thumbnail thief but by doing this beam is taking what works and adapting it into his own style also notice how he is rarely the dominant subject in the thumbnail this is very intentional when you're starting on youtube no one knows your face so matthew keeps the focus on the actual build or the youtuber the video is about this was one of the biggest shifts in his strategy look how much space he occupied in his thumbnails before he blew up last august compare the two the most impressive thing in my opinion though is how he gives action to a stationary object the running away the way the wood and the rope is used to prop it up he makes it look like the build could fall down at any moment a great thumbnail portrays the story of the video now in terms of the thumbnail editing i've managed to get my hands on a before and after for one of matthew's best thumbnails and wow is there some interesting stuff going on here first thing you'll notice is the added vibrant colors people scroll by hundreds of videos every day bright is nearly always better also notice how he photoshopped out this house and tree and replaced it with a clear bright blue sky why it makes the thumbnail so much less busy you see all we should be focusing on is spongebob's house and matthew those are the clickable elements nothing else in the image should take focus away from them matthew is much smaller in the after we know the best thumbnails show something extreme i always want the viewer to think wow could this be real by shrinking matthew it really emphasizes the scale and makes the build look even more impressive this truly is a thumbnail master class now just before i play the surprise for matthew at the end i asked him five questions about how he went from zero to one million and he revealed some pretty juicy stuff i'll be releasing his answers as a free newsletter it takes just 15 seconds to sign up with the link in the description six short months ago i was staying up till 2am in my pajamas watching every single patty video over and over again taking notes all you have to do is follow your dreams work extremely hard and listen to patty and the next video on this channel will be about you thank you so much patty now if that's not reason enough to scroll down and subscribe i don't know what is

  Top Comments:
  1. @MatthewBeem [1500 likes]: One of the biggest honors of my life! I’ve watched every video on this channel❤️‍🔥
  2. @JMVLOGSMUKBANG [1 likes]: i believe my next channel: John Eruela 

will be the next hit!

thank you paddy!!!
  3. @ANARJEETVLOGHEER [1 likes]: My Hi
  4. @beardjuice [1 likes]: Paddy ive been watching YT improvement videos for weeks. You're the best so far.
  5. @Yoyoadventure [1 likes]: This is really encouraging!
  6. @YURY_X: Since I have began this year my obsession for mastering YouTube before literally before getting into the game has been inspired by this channel to analyze giant YouTubers...And this is the best channel that would change my mindset and my life forever....Thanks so much...
  7. @ReadingStoriesGG: :face-red-heart-shape:
  8. @BuddyPlot: "follow my advice, next video will be about you"

has not uploaded for the 2 past years
  9. @Im-a-student: Now I don't like him anymore because he's stealing contents and wasn't original 😢
  10. @TraslomitaCoahuila: Coincidentally, his channel exploded when he participated with Mr. Beast. Good play
  11. @Saxofome: Fun fact: His Sipover
  12. @FireGaming743: Thanks paddy
  13. @gamergirlkanokwan: Loved it. Thank you.
  14. @PersonManManManMan: (521)))}
  15. @MakaayoMakoolu: Thank you ❤
  16. @rosemulet: I subscribed to the newsletter and I don’t see the answers
  17. @xberience: SUBSCRIBED This video is great!
  18. @sukpaki1035: veri good
  19. @TwattyWankers: 09/07/23
  20. @Huyphamlol: Thank you paddy, just found out ur channel and give me so much insight, taking note to improve my content now

- How Paddy Galloway makes an extra $15k+ a month as a YouTube consultant: Kind: captions Language: en They did that one for the A's. What's up, Rashad? Why you didn't hit me up? What's up, Rashad? Hey, Rashad. What's up, Rashad? >> Thank you, Rashad. >> Bro, I love you, bro. What's up? What's up? What it do, boy? Hey, Rashad. Let's move on to the next scene, man. YouTube consultants, I put this at the beginning of the the stream cuz I wanted to do it before people hopped on, but since I jumped on so late, people y'all was already on. My dogs, my dogs. But, uh YouTube creator pay is based on views. That means even the most popular stars have to ensure their new content is watched by millions to keep the money pouring in. Those creators don't do this alone. Here's our feature on the business side of the YouTube consultancy. It's from CNBC. Meet the YouTuber whispers, a booming class of advisers behind Mr. Beast and other million-dollar channels. Dang, them boys getting paid. Uh when Wild 'N Out TV personality Forrest Griffin sat down for his monthly call with the YouTube consultant Patty Gallalee, he received some bad news. No more turtles. Dang, what the heck? All turtles must not have been performing as well. I got a lot of opinions on this stuff. Um I'll start with this. Shout out to Alex Sherman and Zach Ballise for writing this. I have a lot of opinions on this. If if this is going where I think it's going. Bro, if you doing I do social like I'm doing YouTube because it's something that's mine and it's something that I have fun doing. I'm not doing it to be boxed in. I I understand having a niche and doing a specific thing can help grow your channel and your platform much more because people can if I'm subscribing to Rashad Miligan, I'm going to get WNBA. I know for a fact I'm going to get WNBA. I'm going to get press conferences, analysis, podcasts, interviews, WNBA if I go to Rashad Miligan. I understand that. Bro, I also like the NBA. I also like hip hop. I also like R&B. I also like soul music. I also like just looking at the news and keeping up with trending topics and everything like that. You know what I'm saying? You can't box me in, bro. Because I feel like if you box yourself in, that's no better than, you know what I'm saying? Respect Respect the job. Salute the job. But that's no better than just having a job, bro. Like I think the the beauty of social media is you can create your own world. And the beauty of entrepreneurship is doing whatever the heck you want to do. So, with this no more turtles thing, Forrest Galante, if you want to post some turtles, bro, I mean, unless you want to keep up with this million-dollar budget and stuff that you have every month, go ahead and do so. But I'm like, bro, like go ahead, post your turtles, bro. If the turtles make you happy, post the turtles. Like what are we doing? He said, uh it'd be having my brain hurt all this all this tribalism. Screw this pieces crazy. Definitely do what you love, not what's popular. Thank you. Thank you. I like you keep up to news up to date with news, especially when it comes to music. I appreciate that, Dan. I appreciate that, Dan. No more turtles. Let's see. Galante has 2.5 million YouTube subscribers. He's been producing wildlife programming for more than a decade including a docu-series on Animal Planet and a history of the History Channel. Uh in a show on the History Channel. He owns his own production company. Generally speaking, Galante's got a good feel for what his audience wants. But it was Galloway, something of a guru in the still re-gendering YouTube creator economy who identified whenever Galante showed turtles in his videos, viewer engagement dropped. See, I told See look, man. I be knowing where this stuff is going to go, bro, cuz I hear so often. You hear the same stuff. Like just to pull the curtain back as creators and stuff when you go to workshop and all this stuff. You be hearing the same stuff, a lot of the same stuff. It was consistent and significant. Maybe it's just turtles are more common place and they're kind of slow and they don't really do much. Galloway said in an interview, "Uh we noticed about three or four videos in a row when forwards were showing turtles, the viewers were kind of disengaged and they were leaving. This is the kind of insight that many of the most popular YouTube creators, including Jimmy Donaldson known to the world as Mr. Beast and sports creator Jesse Ridgeway known as Jesser have paid Galloway to provide." All right, so here we go. Let Let's go back to it, right? To to Zero saying screw Mr. Beast. And some people saying Mr. Beast seems like he's kind of soulless and everything like that. I think, bro, when you start pandering to whatever gives views and whatever the audience wants, bro, I think you lost the plot. Because YouTube before it was ever monetized and people made money off of it and stuff like that, YouTube was just for people to upload videos, bro. It was a video sharing platform and people like the most viral videos and most iconic videos at the start of this website were Charlie bit my finger chocolate rain like a lot of videos with bad quality. They were a few seconds long. They had a charm to them. They had a awkwardness to them. They were unique to the internet. Now it feels like the internet and real life have blended. You know what I'm saying? They blended together and because of that like people got to be cool this and that and it it ain't got to be that like the internet could be awkward. The internet could be the meme-ified because that is literally kind of the roots of the internet like Chuck Norris, the the Rick Roll, never going to give you like that is the internet. And I feel like when you kind of veer off of that, get lost in the sauce to make the most money possible, to maximize your profit, I think you You know what I'm saying? To For lack of a better term, you're selling your soul, bro. >> [laughter] >> I'm going to just flat out say it. I think you're selling your soul. You're selling your soul. If you're going for the most possible money and you're straying away from the stuff that you genuinely like and care about for the sake of the algorithm or for the money and and the monetization of your channel, you sold your soul. You lost the plot. You got lost in the sauce, brother. Uh that is my opinion. As YouTube creators ship cracks open millions or potentially billions of dollars for the most watched personalities, Galloway has made a name for himself in being one of the best Chrome Class of YouTube consultants, a bonafide YouTube whisperer. "I think he's an absolute genius at Galante. He's a super smart guy," Rodell told uh CNBC. "I don't want to say Paddy changed my life completely," said Humphrey Yang, a former financial advisor whose YouTube channel has more than 2 million subscribers, "but he's definitely helped a lot." >> [snorts] >> YouTube's media dominant. YouTube will showcase many of its top creators on Wednesday in New York City's Lincoln Center for its annual upfront advertising presentation called Brandcast. Like YouTube's influence in modern media, the event has grown in size and prestige every year as YouTube's viewership uh share rises. YouTube makes up Excuse me. Uh 12.7% of all streaming in the US according to Nielsen's most recent The Gauge report. Netflix is coming in second at 8.4% followed by Disney at 5%. Feels like something I said a long time ago. All the kids are watching YouTube. They ain't watching TV no more. About 10,000 uh US YouTube channels have more than a million subscribers, according to a YouTube spokesperson. For many of these creators, YouTube can be a lucrative full-time job. Uh but to make a business out of a largely free platform, videos need to be consistent clicks, preferably in the millions. That's a lot of pressure. With YouTube's recommendation algorithm constantly evolving, many creators have been turning to strategists to maintain success on the platform. From zero subscribers to 1 million, you don't need it. But from 1 million to 10 million or 1 million to 100 million, oh wow, you definitely need a strategist. Okay, all right. Aneek uh Mishra, a YouTube growth strategist, told CNBC, "In recent years, videos best watched on on TV, rather than mobile devices, have surged in popularity as YouTube has taken over more connected TV viewing, rivaling subscription streaming services such as Netflix and Disney Plus." Creators say Alphabet-owned platform has responded by favoring longer videos, often exceeding 30 minutes. That shift happens higher production value and bigger investment from creators. It also means the potential turn on money. Since 2021, YouTube has paid out over $100 billion to creators. Since 2000 Since 2021, It's 2026. Since 2021, YouTube has paid out over $100 billion to creators. If you like to talk, if you have anything you're passionate about or knowledgeable about, you Go ahead and post, bro. Just post. You on YouTube right now watching this video. You You might be in a live like Zero and Dan, or you might be somebody else, bro, watching the replay. Go ahead and post on YouTube, bro. Just give yourself a chance. Since 2021, to creators in the last 5 years. An increasing share of money is flowing to those producing content for bigger screens for bigger screens, excuse me. YouTube said, "The number of channels earning more than $100,000 from TV screens jumped from jumped 45% year-over-year," the company reported. "Regardless, the success on the platform remains a simple task of getting viewers to the door." The strategist [snorts] from maintained that they are best equipped to optimize creators' videos. "The reason that people pay top dollars because we have been doing it for the longest, and we have the best accessory. Galloway said, "Our average increase in views year after year so on and so on after us is 350%. I sell that business, Galloway, the YouTube whisperer." Galloway's interest in consulting in YouTube became out of began out of self-interest. He started posting YouTube videos of his own in 2006, just a year after his service began, and wanted to figure out why certain videos went viral so he can gain popularity, he told CNBC. Within a few years, Galloway's search for ingredients of virality became the subject of his videos. He began creating a self-dubbed YouTube masterclass videos such as how Peter McKinnon gained 1 million subscribers in under 1 year or how Mr. Beast blew up, how he grow how he grew his YouTube channel. Galloway grew his channel to about 500,000 subscribers and the videos got Donald since attention. Galloway began working directly for Donald since providing him with strategy ideas. Donald since now the undisputed king of YouTube with 483 million subscribers, crazy. Galloway worked with Ridel from 2021 through January of this year encouraging him to change his focus on daily vlogs to bigger concept videos that pulled in more viewers. He was like, "You need to make videos that anybody can enjoy." Ridel said, "A lot of my videos were personal joke after personal joke, right in after the outro. If you watched it and you didn't know me or my jokes, you'd be in like, what am I watching?" After years of plateauing at roughly 3 million subscribers, Ridel saw his subscriber number begin to soar. Today, Ridel is the largest sports-focused creator on YouTube with more than 41 million subscribers. Galloway's secrets often center around two simple concepts, headline and thumbnail image. "We would deliberate a title, just one title for like 30 minutes," said Gang, who's worked with Galloway since early 2022. "Changing a couple of words in the title can have a huge impact on how the actual video does." Galloway has a staff of seven people who analyze what's working on YouTube and how to create the best content target to perform [snorts] well on the platform. He also owns three other companies including one, Upright Media, that helps with the production of editing his videos. Galloway's largest client have daily slight communication with his team to discuss thumbnails and run detailed diagnostics of video performance. What's the return on investment? At the peak, Galloway said that he has a wait list of 5,000 people and was able to work with about 10 clients at the time. His services aren't cheap. Galloway typically charges a flat rate fee starting at $15,000 a month. These folks just robbing you. They robbing you to tell you put a red arrow in your thumbnail. Um, when I look at your analytics, they usually drop off at 3 minutes. What do you usually say at 3 minutes? Make sure y'all like the video, y'all. Maybe you should stop saying like the video, y'all around 3 minutes. He getting $15,000 a month for that? Put the most interesting stuff of the video in the first 7 seconds of the video. And then put words in the captions. Insert the captions yourself using that AI generator. He getting $15,000 for that? He said rates can go considerably higher depending on the project. The price gets clients full-time service and the weeds with you every day. It was like, "Oh my gosh, we're about to pay a big amount of money for this unknown factor. Will we ever get a return?" said Galante. Of the turtle >> of the turtle light wildlife videos. That's funny. Strategist Mishra said he works primarily with the business owners who have building YouTube channels around their products or services. He said he charges between $1,500 and $12,000 a month depending on how much work he takes on and that creators who hire him have already figured out the basics on their own and have hit a ceiling. Mishra said his advice often is to study what is already working in the current niche and replicate it. Copy and paste. That's funny. Copy and paste. It's very important that you have some kind of unique range, but make sure your formatting of the videos, the pacing of everything is very similar to an outlier idea that is already proven in the niche. And while these strategies can't promise, guarantee subscribers or views, they say their value lays in the familiarity with the platform rewards. "What I do is promise you knowledge and hopefully with the knowledge growth comes next." said Mario Joe's who spent nearly 3 years as retention director for Mr. Beast. "The algorithm will just reward what people want to watch." Through the highest level of advice free services can turn thousands of dollars. An initial call with YouTube coach can cost as little as $250, Joe said. He described Next Level as a service as a consultant, "Someone who is providing a service but not actually helping a creative to implement. That's Joe's role today." he said. The final rung is a peer strategist, the role that Joe's had when he was working for with Mr. Beast, he said, and rang rung Galloway falls into. Now it's just not like you're telling the creator to actually keep the knowledge, you're applying the knowledge, Joe said. You leave notes on the videos, you can go through the ideation process, and when there's 100 ideas on the table, you look at them, you think about them, and you might even come up with ideas. So that's what a strategist does. They have the expertise. I think the biggest thing in life, bro, when it comes to making money, like with an idea, the biggest thing in anything is to sell yourself, bro. Like you really have to sell yourself of like, you need this. This is important. He's doing a great job of selling himself and stuff, like it's just sometimes I just look right through it. I ain't going to hold you. YouTube [snorts] evolving trends for YouTube's most popular creators, the platform offers some consulted ideas like services for free including thumbnail art guidance, guest services, and suggestions for video introductions according to Reed Fernandez, a strategic partner for YouTube's top creator since 2021. Fernandez has had several hundred strategic partner managers for YouTube around the world who focus on the top 10% of YouTube creators. Fernandez's specific team works with about 100 creators in the US, he said. Uh some of the clientele include Brenny Broski, Dude Perfect, and Alexis Earl. Fernandez's team typically approaches creators it wants to help based on the perceived growth of the growth opportunity based on the perceived growth opportunity of the platform, Fernandez says. That makes the partnership beneficial for both YouTube and individual creator, boosting overall engagement on the site, {quote} "We're looking for things like, do you see them growing a lot over year over year? We think that they're a big bet and we should try to get them and put out full force and behind them to succeed on the platform," said Fernandez. Beyond consultant uh services, YouTube also connects some of these creators with speaking events and press junkets to extend the reach and boost awareness. Okay, I ain't going to lie. This is worth the money. >> I do This is worth the money. Can you help book me for events? Can you help book me for this or that? Can you get me on a press run or anything like that? Cuz that's extra money outside of just video money. That you I would pay someone for that. I ain't going to lie. I would pay someone for that. Not going to hold you. Especially when you get busy as Mr. Beast and stuff like that. Fernandez's team can offer uh insider tips on monetization, he said. He used the example of a creator whose video were consistently under 8-minute threshold to qualify for mid-roll advertisements, uh making their videos just 30 seconds longer, she told the creator can make a significant difference in their earnings. But even with YouTube's internal support, many creators still turn to outside strategics to go deeper on the technical side. When a viewer clicks on a YouTube video, watches it through, shares and leaves a comment, YouTube registers that as a positive signal of the inner interest. Videos that consistently generate those responses get served as more broadly and pushed to the home page, into recommendations, and in front of new audiences. Joe said the expertise sits specifically with retention, understanding not just whether a video performs, but exactly when a video viewers stop watching and why. YouTube Studio, the back-end dashboard that gives creators details statistics on their content, includes a retention chart that tracks audience drop-off. YouTube strategists use the data to inform everything from pacing decisions to keeping the viewer engaged until the end of the video. Gabriel La Blanc Picard, co-founder of The Upload Strategy and the former head of ideation for Mr. Beast, said simplicity is the most reliable formula for success on the platform. Quote unquote, "Break it down like a 6-year-old can understand it," he said. "People don't want to watch something that's complicated, even with the language that you use." During his time with Mr. Beast, La Blanc Picard said he filtered through roughly 10,000 ideas, constantly looking for concepts that could expand the channel's audience. One challenge he was given, attract more female viewers to a channel whose fanboy fan base has been described as mostly quote unquote 11-year-old boys. His answer was to develop a video about being stranded in the woods with an ex-girlfriend. A video titled How to Survive uh survive 30 days stranded with your ex when $250,000 was posted in March and has already surpassed 120 million views. Goodness gracious. "At the end of the day, you're making the content for the people," La Blanc Picard said. "The algorithm will reward what people want to watch." And there you have it. Lots of words to say the algorithm will reward what people want to watch. [laughter] Uh I'm going to talk about What's up? Anyway. Hey Rashad. What's up, Rashad? >> Thank you, Rashad. Bro, I love you, bro. Frank Lee is >> What's up, Rashad? What it do, boy? Hey, Rashad.

- The man who SOLVED YouTube - Paddy Galloway: Kind: captions Language: en [Applause] [Music] welcome back to the kickstart garage i'm your host sam john byrne and i'm accompanied by my co-host gavin quigley in partnership with magnate 100 we're joined by one of the best consultants in the youtube space patty galloway welcome to the show paddy how are you doing i'm great lads i'm looking forward to chatting today and thanks very much for having me on and i'm sure we're going to a a good conversation it's gonna be a pleasure um for those of you that don't know paddy runs a youtube channel analyzing every detail of successful youtuber videos but also incorporates those principles in his own videos uh he's actually shown you and they're fantastic and you should definitely check them out we'll be sure to leave a link in the description of this um podcast and on top of that he's also had the chance to consult for some huge names like mr beast but before we get into the nitty-gritty paddy could you give us a bit of an origin story of where you are where you started and where you are today yeah yeah it's a good introduction you gave me there um one of the top consultants i like that very much and but in terms of an origin story i've essentially since since i remember i've always been interested in video um whether it was just recording taking photos whatever i've always been interested in capturing moments and i remember when i was like must have been about nine or ten i got a camcorder for christmas a little a little tiny i'd love to find it somewhere it's like a little tiny action cam it was like the original gopro and it's like 70 quid in argos or something for me christmas present and i used to just go around filming videos all the time with me and my brother and just random videos playing around wrestling you know random like you know fighting videos and all this like terrible stuff but um used to upload them to to this platform called youtube which i'm sure everyone knows right now um but back then i remember i was saying i'm uploading this to youtube and no one knew what it was because it was the very beginning of youtube it was the very early days and we're talking like 2006 just when it was kicking off and at the start i loved the creating content then over time i realized it was the actual um kind of the the algorithm behind youtube and how to how to grow an audience and how to how to make content that people really like watching and stick around for and then further down the line how to actually build a business around that content that's always what really interested me at the start um and to go long story short i essentially spent the next 10 10 12 years of my life starting and stopping youtube channels anything i was interested in music fitness um you know diet cooking fishing all my hobbies um as a teenager and as a teenager we all have many hobbies and football had a football channel um every time i just started youtube channel i started making content and most times i made three or four videos and gave up and started my new channel that it was going to be the biggest chat in the world but there was a few channels there that kind of stuck and i got a bit of traction and i actually ended up making kind of a business around one of those channels which was around irish hip-hop called iron tv and when i started i didn't make any money i didn't really have a plan to make money it was just a way to to kind of put a place together where our hip-hop artists could share their content and then long term i ended up filming videos i ended up doing like promotional work for artists and of course advertising on the channel as well um and through that that was my living i didn't need a job or part-time job i was able to to use that for money to live on in college and stuff which was which was really cool and the the channel that people who may know me who are listening know me from is the paddy galloway channel just my name and i started that in 2016 essentially where i saw a bit of a gap in the market for a channel that was breaking down the success of the creators in the video essay style i saw lots of people doing about businesses so like how facebook was started or the story of bill gates and all this sort of stuff and i thought what if i did that about youtubers and yeah since then it's been going really good it's it's it's grown up to about 270 k subscribers and off the back of it i've built a really big well i say big but big to me consulting business and that's been a lot of fun and i've got to work with a lot of amazing people so i'm very grateful so you had all these channels and all this experience and then you get into consulting when did you feel you were confident enough to start consulting well i mean it never starts off with just straight up consulting it starts off with kind of working behind the scenes so before i was a consultant i was a creative director so i was actually just working directly on one channel um and doing thumbnails and titles and we're talking about a pretty big channel like one minute plus channel and and from there i just kept learning and you know people do say as well like when you start teaching things you just start naturally becoming better at the the thing you're doing as well so over time as a combination of all my experience of doing youtube and growing multiple channels in multiple areas and my own channel and trying to make sure that kept growing then working for another big one million plus channel and i was just sort of sat at this point where i was like i can get people results i can i know what i'm doing here um i've got systems i've got processes i've got strategy that i use for channels that i know work and so there's a lot of people that do consulting in different areas and it's kind of like oh there's an opportunity there i'm gonna i'm gonna go for it but for me it was more like a graduate build up to it and all based on results i was just getting results for myself and other people and i was like i definitely can build a business here i can scale it and i can charge a lot more and you know if you if you work with a channel doing 100k a month and you know you can increase their views by 20 you can do the maths and see what value that is per month to a business um so i was like i can do that with five channels i can scale this i can i can hire a team and that's how it kind of started for me and when you're doing your consultancy how do those calls typically go like what's your kind of assessment like when you're breaking down a channel yeah because i break down my consultants into a lot of different areas the first thing i do is just calls so like one-hour calls so someone would would just book me um and it's kind of just completely on the spot i will analyze their channel and look at their thumbnails their titles they'll often give me access to their studio which is like the back end of youtube where all the data is and i'll go through there and one of the best things about being my position is i get to see so much data because i work with you know i've got like access to hundreds of channels with tens of thousands worth of video data so i can kind of see okay you're weaker here than the average you could be doing better here here's some areas to focus on so they're like the one-hour calls they're once off calls i do them with anyone and then i do what i call more private consulting which is typically either invite only or the channel's just so big that i just can't refuse and i have to work with them and that's um more retainer basis so i'd actually work let's say 15 hours me and my team or 15 hours within a month and we charge a retainer fee for that just like your typical agency and it would be a mixture of like calls training the team and actually helping with the creation of the content and streamlining the processes we just we do a bit of everything so you've like you said you've caught the attention of some uh big channels like mr beast i was wondering how something like that came into fruition yeah that was a good story um jimmy was was watching my content before we ever started working together he was he was helping me on my videos he he'd um we'd have a few conversations every now and again on twitter um and essentially i was i was getting really good results for one of my other clients which was a gaming channel and we were doing like you know 50 million views a month or something um which in gaming especially from where we we started with that channel is a big is a big deal and that caught detention of jimmy because i was posting about it on twitter we just had a conversation um originally it was just i'd love for you to come in and do a bit of consulting with me but let's let's take it easy let's see if there's something comes up over the next few months and we'll definitely do something together kind of like yeah we'll do something together and then he asked me to do some work essentially and i did the work and then he was like okay you know i want i want you in now so um work with him for a few months which is a great experience and learned so much and everyone on his team is absolutely killer so it was a i was in good company and i i really did learn a lot from the experience yeah it's a real proof of concept for yourself as a consultant when our name like mr beast comes along and is happy with you and you get to just be part of that circle for a while i'd say is incredible i know he's uh he's planning on recreating the squid game i don't know if you've watched that on netflix recently but i think that is going to be insane just judging by the amount of money he's spending on his budget and what that production is going to look like i'm looking forward to that but um i currently work for a sas company it's called cubicle specializing in data analytics training for consultancy firms um so i thought it'd be relevant to to speak to you about it you know since joining and realizing how important it is just to be data literate not even just for for scientists but data scientists but even just for like the average joe to be able to communicate and navigate today's business world so as a youtube consultant paddy how has the prevalence of data analytics for creators using the platform progress in recent years it's it's progressed immensely and to this day no one else no other platform gives as much transparent data as youtube does and the thing about data it's not just about getting every point and every data point from every data set that youtube collects because then you're just going to overwhelm the creators what they do is they like present the data in really interesting ways so for example for every video you upload you get a retention graph and that shows you the retention of the audience aka how much of the audience is watching each moment of the video so you can see okay the starts of my videos i'm losing too many people let's try fix those okay the mid section i could be doing better let's let's minimize that or even times people say stuff like you know in the end or at the end of the day and that sounds like a simple thing that people would say in conversation but when you say that in a youtube video there's a consistent drop-off usually around two or three percent when someone says that before the end of the video because people just assume that it means the video's ending so they leave and those are things that you would not be able to understand or know without data and the interesting thing is hollywood or traditional tv you know they get data back on how many people is watching and maybe when they turn on and when they turn it off but they don't get specific second by second viewership data so that's why hollywood and tv kind of it's it obviously i love movies out of i love tv too but if you look at their videos they're technically not optimized from a viewer retention standpoint because they don't have to be because the you know the audience is kind of sitting down in the cinema they're much more engaged whereas and for youtube you're just fighting against so much competition that that's um so important so it's a this beautiful thing where youtube youtube knows that by giving the creators that data they're going to make better videos which means they're going to people are going to stay on the platform longer or just have a better experience on youtube um and yet like to speak to what you said it's really transformed like they've always been good with data but like in the last two years so much extra things have been added that have helped us so much and like i can comfortably say for most niches if you're not data savvy you're not getting to the top of that nation youtube like there are there are exceptions to that but right now the breakthrough creators are really focusing on everything from retention curves their you know their audience data when they're tuning in when they're tuning off and and i you know have to say thank you to youtube for providing so much because not every other platform does that yeah you touched on things like the retention graph the actual presentation of the data and data visualization is is becoming really huge in things like predictive modeling and i know a lot of professional services consultancy firms they're literally building specific business intelligence teams just to specialize in using kind of data visualization tools the likes of microsoft's power bi tableau to to build out predictive models so like bar the the likes of excel is there any tools that you would use do you use any of the ones i mentioned or is there anything that you're finding popular amongst youtubers so the thing is like i would say that in general most of what you need is in youtube studio um but if i was working with let's say a bigger channel and we want to go in a bit more depth into things i have been i've built models in in tableau before i think that's a really good software um for example you can have all your attention curves in youtube studio but up until recently you couldn't really compare that to your your your say typical retention it's just like each individual video has a retention curve so in tableau i built um a model that like compared your new video with your average retention so you'd see okay this time i did really badly here but i did much better in this area so there are certain tools i've used like that and google sheets as well like i mean i just built a bit like spreadsheets and google sheets that um you know can give us some extra insight but in general i would say for the most part youtube studio is is very comprehensive it covers most areas and to the point where you know you're for actual video data and what you're looking at from your content is all you really need but if you want to look at say let's say that the bigger youtube landscape like let's say you want to do an analysis on all gaming channels what what video length gets the most views or something then you can use you know api scraping tools and where you can just collect video data and do spreadsheets and and get some results back from there there's some really good tools like vidiq and tubebuddy which does some of that for you so for example i've got vid iq which can like scan through all of youtube and figure out the most trending videos in each niche and stuff which helps that kind of manual what a lot of youtubers do manually which is just like oh what's trending let's see what's trending in the video whereas with them it's like okay here's a list of ranking for each niche based on country based on channel size based on everything so yeah there's a lot there's lots of good tools but i think there is still room for for development it's just quite often i see maybe startups or people with like a data background who don't quite understand youtube content they're making tools for things that kind of already exist in youtube studio so it's like if i can see that in youtube studio i don't want another tool to have it so the best tools are things that provide something a little different maybe it's like the 10 of things that you can get better results from for example exporting all your exporting all your data to a spreadsheet that does correlation tests so is there a correlation between video length and views a correlation between title length and views things like that are really useful it's good to know as well for people listening considering or who've recently started youtube that a lot of what you need is in the platform itself it's in the studio you don't there's not as many barriers to entry for for other businesses that you'd be starting with you need to put a lot of money down or anything like that people could just get started on youtube um we're conscious though that you know there's a lot of folks listening who like i say maybe they've just started or they're dabbling with the idea and from my own experience if you do really want to make a living out of youtube then you need to treat it like a full-time job and not just a hobby um i suppose you know the same could be said about anything really but let's start with someone dabbling with the idea what should they be asking themselves before making a commitment to youtube and what kind of goals should they be setting at the beginning i think and this is like i don't want to get into cliches but i think really because of the the real um transparency around youtube that has come out over the last two years where a lot of i would say the casual audiences start to realize how much these creators are making you've probably seen countless videos of how much youtube paid me or whatever i feel like there's been a big influx of people that are just really oh this is a way to make money and honestly like there's a there's probably a you know a million quicker ways to make a book than youtube so i think every anyone interested in youtube should start from place of passion like you don't have to be you know quentin tarantino you don't have to know how to edit or anything but as long as you've got something you want to share like i've worked with channels like let's say like a golf channel he never grew up wanting to to film golfers but he loves golf and youtube was a way to share that and now he makes a really good income sharing golf tips so if you have something your genuinely passionate about in an area where there's demand for on youtube so that would surprise people like this i still talk to my mother all the time about people i'm working with and she she still struggles with this idea that there's like complete hobbyist channels let's say like stamp collecting or you know pokemon card collecting or you know all these like obscure hobbies that might in some cases only have like a few million people in the whole world interested in them there's channels on youtube that make you know well into the six figures in these areas and with these little audiences just because they're so niche and there's so much opportunity there so i think it always starts with start starts with an idea for something that's a bit different um like if you're looking at youtube right now here's the way to think about it whatever niche you want to go into look at the best channels in the niche and say how can i provide something better you're not going to become the next business advice channel if you don't make better business advice than the biggest business advice channels that's just the way to think about um and that's the kind of the cruel but also fair nature of youtube's algorithm it rewards good videos so if you make better videos than someone else you will get better push them it's not this like preferential treatment thing there are some like caveats to that like obviously stuff like profanity and um sensitive subjects can lead to some suppression some suppression from youtube's algorithm but in general everything is treated with a fair fair role of the dice like if you're making good videos you've got every chance you can you can pick up momentum so i think it's about looking at your niche and then both the things i've said there like find the niche find the the kind of best creators in it say how you can make better content and then just kind of make a roadmap because you're not going to be making better content than the biggest pokemon channel or the biggest minecraft channel within a month within six months probably within two years so i would say take a long-term vision with it like give it three years and people hate to hear that but honestly it's rare that i see someone really apply themselves for three years constantly improve and not get somewhere at least some form of success so what i would say is if even if you have a part-time job or full-time job of your student start with just a video a week and just try to get better each week try to improve something each time and this incremental thing i'm not sure if you guys have heard there's a really great story about um the british racing cycling team and i think it was the 1999 um tour de france and their like strategist for the whole team was just like what we're gonna do is each season we're just gonna try to add one percent so one percent extra speed one percent extra nutrition one percent extra efficiency in this area or this whatever and when you apply that over years it really adds up and and that's the way i think about youtube like if you if you're giving yourself a three year roadmap and you're starting out from zero start by just making as much videos as you can then after a point you're going to start to get to a point where you're making you know videos that are a higher level and just keep trying to get better because the bigger channels will always fall eventually um i mean some people won't i don't think mr visa is ever going to fall but you know there's going to be this natural sort of replacement with bigger channels like the biggest the biggest channel a certain niche right now probably isn't going to be the biggest challenge in 10 years time things just replace and people are interested in new people so to position yourself to be in that in that place you just need to take this long-term approach to it and you know honestly go for it because you know people i often i often see people like say you know with with my case you know you're talking about how long it takes to be youtube but you've made like 20 videos or 30 videos and you've got like 270k subscribers but like i always say you're not looking at the thousand videos i posted maybe the 2000 videos i posted between 2006 and 2014 before i ever ever even started this channel so it is a long-term game but the one thing i would say that i think would give people hope is i think it's a lot more like entrepreneurship than it is like say acting or music where you can be a great musician you can be a great actor and no one ever hears you because you don't know the right people you can get your lucky break or whatever youtube's a lot more like entrepreneurship if you if you create something that people demand and you spend a lot enough time iterating it and making it better i believe you will get traction i mean i've seen it firsthand with thousands of channels so um that's a more of a pep talk than anything but that's what i'd be thinking about when i'm starting out sticking on the top of it is starting out um outside of um outside the podcast we both have our own youtube channel and more recently i started an investment channel and so far i've noticed it's pretty hard to get traction especially when you're starting uh just in pure terms of viewership and promotion and more so than subs or anything else so from someone starting say from zero sub zero views how should they promote their channel and their content because obviously it's kind of too soon for discovery with the youtube algorithm i would i would assume yeah so like in that case you're probably making you're probably making good videos but they're not quite good enough for youtube discovery like if you if you start with zero subscribers and you upload an incredible video onto that channel you know because there's nothing coded into the youtube recommendation system that says a channel must upload for three years before we brought them like it will blow up like it will do really well but and that's because like you probably know it's yourself if you go into those videos you've uploaded even probably your first video you put it out and if you look at impressions it's still getting impressions so like every video on youtube youtube do at least give a chance like even if it's a little smaller chance but you just didn't pass that next test so really in the short term i mean it's always it's always good to share with friends and family get people interested share on your instagram i always think like the first kind of 1 000 viewers is really hard to get but once you get there then like you have the catalyst for growth that can take you to the next level so i would say okay how do we get these first 1000 people maybe sharing on reddit maybe it's it's getting friends and family involved maybe it's like even commenting on other channels with let's say similar interests so maybe so you're let's say an investing channel go comment on lots of other investment channels saying hey really like your content you wanna have a chat have a chat with them and then maybe you've got a viewer maybe you've got someone you can collab with in the future just really commit to it and just get your name out there as much as you can but that's all secondary to the content so right now you're probably not getting pushed because the content isn't quite good enough right now as i'm sure it is good um but it's not to the level you need to get the push so i would just take a kind of almost approach of not caring too much about the numbers and just caring about quantity so you know until you've got 100 videos out and then maybe past that point you know another video a week for for a year i wouldn't worry too much about discovery or the algorithm now with that said you can you can get good good results from search so like targeting your your keywords quite well so like you know a lot of people hear about search and they think okay i'm gonna um target the the most viewed or most searched keyword on youtube so for investing it's like how to start investing or how to how to day trade or something if you're a channel with 10 subscribers or something and you're targeting how to day trade you know your content probably isn't gonna be good enough to compete with all the other guys so what if you targeted something like how to day trade using trading two one two suddenly now you have um a topic that's being searched and specific to an app that is very big in the uk and ireland but it isn't huge and they're probably like just if you type in if anyone listens types in that right now on youtube there's probably like three or four results i don't know maybe not maybe more i don't maybe i could be wrong but it's probably quite small so if you type if you titled your video in that way you've got a better chance of of capturing some search audience so yeah it's a mixture it's a mixture of patience search and just the kind of network effect of spreading your channel around as much as you can i've seen you tweet before and just followed up from our conversation before just but we won't get into i've seen you tweet before that uh you block out an hour in your diary on a weekly basis and perhaps more i'm not too sure but uh where you just watch youtube videos with a notebook and study the content religiously and in those periods i was wondering what are you looking for or i suppose are you looking for something or are you waiting for something to hit you and then like what's that process like yeah so i tried i tried to do that for an hour a day and i watch i watch about four hours of youtube a day um but for at least an hour of that i want to be really purposely studying it i feel like it's like that thing where it's like a footballer who watches you know other players or watches other games back or whatever you're just going to pick up some things even if you're watching kind of casually when i take out the notebook i'm looking and i'm looking at different niches so every niche on youtube has different things that work so for example for a certain niche you could suit to be like really bright thumbnails with like really bright faces and other niches it could suit to be completely opposite and that's the kind of beauty of youtube so i think the best youtube consultant possible which is what i'm trying to be would understand as much as they can about as much different niches maybe while specializing on a few which i certainly do but just understanding different niches and maybe even where the blurred lines are what you can potentially take from a different age to another so when i'm spending that one hour i'm looking at the most viral videos for different topics for minecraft videos and for pokemon for gaming for fitness for you know desk reviews whatever it is i want to see what the most for our videos are and then i'll just watch the video and i'll deconstruct it so why is this the most for a video of the week in this niche is it the topic is it the thumbnail is there something in the thumbnail is it a perspective that's being shown in the thumbnail and is it the pacing of the video do i think this has a much better attention than other videos in the niche and essentially just trying to write down what i think that is and for example i've seen like let's just say i saw a really viral video that got like way above average for a channel in another nation it was like 99 don't understand this was the text in the thumbnail so then i took that into another niche where i worked with the channel in we tried that and he got a really high performing video just that text so it's not copying but it's seeing what works for someone else and deconstructing and saying okay maybe we can take this and apply this in other areas so yeah anyone anyone looking to study youtube i think it's just look for the most viral videos don't just look for like the the videos from the biggest creators because if you have like five ten minute subs sure you've done something right but quite often they get to a point and they plateau um that people like jimmy do not like you know he's a great person to study all the time because he's always innovating but a lot of child's plateau so you could look at like maybe even a pewdiepie and he's good but let's just say pewdiepie he might be kind of not doing the best practices or not really innovating as much as he did because his channel is just so big that he's always going to get pushed anyway so you can look at a pewdiepie video that has a million views and not really learn anything but you could look at a channel that like typically gets i don't know 50k views of video what happens if they have a video with a million views what can you deconstruct from that and learn from that because there's a lot more learning in that video than there is in the pewdiepie video i love it i can't wait to go back and listen to this and start taking some of the sound bites it's just so interesting there's so many levels to youtube that you don't even consider when you first get into actually creating on the platform you consume so much of it and you might watch 10 videos a day and you don't think about what goes into it and the actual strategy behind it and another tweet that you recently put out there party you tweeted that becoming skilled at youtube is essentially becoming skilled at predicting human behavior do you want to elaborate on that tweet if you don't mind i mean does psychology play a really big part in your client strategy consultations yeah like i the more i think about what i do the more i think about the amount of times i say on my head how will the viewer view this or how how will they see this or how how will this person in this position who's never seen my channel before find the opening of my video i think it's about predicting how people will interact with a certain piece of content and like i've i've done a bit of work and so like i've read a few books in psychology it was always an interest in school i did a few modules on it when i was in college um and i just found like a lot of the stuff i learned from those books just started to make a lot more sense when i applied them to youtube and one of my original career paths that i was thinking about going down was to be like a an organizational psychologist or someone that worked in like business psychology or even sports psychology because i thought was so interesting i think when i think about the decisions like sure there's lots of technical stuff like there's like hard skills of like can you make a good thumbnail but here's the thing the best graphic designer in the world the best the the person that can make the most incredible looking thumbnails is not the best thumbnail designer or is not the best person to make a thumbnail because they might not understand like what text to use or maybe what facial expression would would generate the most interest in the audience and that's where the psychology comes in so so much of what i do is like testing things so let's say someone uses a certain expression and a thumbnail does that lead to a higher ctr than a different expression and then when you you compound that with enough data you kind of get some conclusions from that you can say okay in general this is a rule that i can stick to when you use this expression it works better when you use this color it works better than this color and whatnot at the end of the day that just comes down to human preference and human psychology like do you are you more intrigued by someone who's got an angry expression or someone that's smiling um you know for example one of the best expressions on youtube for clicks is confusion so if you look kind of confusing your thumbnail people click and they're like why is he confused like what's what's happening i need to see this but if you're just smiling and posing like a head shot it's kind of boring i'm often on the hunt i'm sorry just kind of diverting a bit from that kind of subject but i'm often on the hunt for kind of passive alternative investment vehicles with youtube i was wondering i'm not too sure if it's currently a thing or could be a thing maybe you'd be able to share some insight on it being able to take an equity stake in certain channels do you ever see that being anything or is it currently a thing it is it is in its early stage so there's a company called juice that i actually worked with recently um and they're launching a product called juice funding or juice funds where big creators can have like a fund and they invest like let's say 20k or 50k into a smaller channel they really like um in exchange for an equity um like let's say five or ten percent or and so it is it is currently a thing it's it's just very in this early days it's quite exclusive like you know it's like a big career can invest in this market or whatever through that company for example but long term it'd be really cool to see something more like an exchange or something where you know you can actually give people funding because there's often times you see a channel you're like if they could just quit their job for a year to work on this i'm sure they could like you know really take off um so yeah it's something i'm interested in as well and i i'm i'm looking at like the kind of equity model in a lot of my clients as well because like i could charge like a high retainer fee but it incentivizes me and it works for both of us if maybe instead of a retainer fee it's an actual equity in in the channel for as long as i'm working with them so i see that developing a lot further the more the more youtube progresses the further it becomes away from like an influencer thing or like a celebrity thing and the more it becomes a business thing um and like you know it's almost like angel investing in youtube channels and i give it two or three years i think me you and everyone will be um have the opportunity to invest in channels yeah be a good use for blockchain and for google to implement something like that but um as the platform grows the algorithm takes over in order to give the end user the best content and i know you've mentioned that already but um so creators are essentially at the mercy algorithm and i've seen a lot of creators complain on other platforms like instagram or facebook where their content just isn't reaching as many people because they just i'm not too sure if it's whether they can't leverage the algorithm or they're not producing great content it's hard to know and but also they're trying to drive more people to mailing lists or their own website in order to retain them so that they come back and see their content and do you see this as a risk for someone looking to make a career on youtube and if so how could they mitigate that and then i suppose my follow-up question is what do you see as the biggest risk for someone looking to go all in on youtube yeah so at the mercy of the algorithm uh like you said there i prefer the phrase that is at the mercy of the audience um quite often times so like it's not perfect the algorithm has its flaws there's been exploits over the years that i've used and other people have used to get results but in general the algorithm just follows the audience it's not it's not really the other way around so it usually is a case of if you're if your content is drawing up on youtube it's because the audiences are less interested than they were before maybe you haven't innovated maybe there's been just a bit of it an interest change like something that was really popular three years ago might not be popular anymore and you're just kind of stuck looking at those glory days of when you've got 100k views of video and saying what's changed where maybe it's the whole industry not just you know your channel and so it's a complex thing i am biased of course but i think youtube's algorithm is by far the best social media algorithm if you can call it social media algorithm in terms of recommending content because if you look at something like twitter or facebook they've played with a lot of different models over the years to the point where at one point they just completely favored engagement and just time spent um whereas more recently they've kind of shifted and youtube were kind of early to the table with that where they've shifted towards not just time spent but time enjoyed and good positive time on the platform because you can go on to like um you know a twitter and instagram and just see content you don't really like but it's just there to get you triggered and to get you engaging with people whereas you really get that on youtube youtube is trying to show you content that they know you like and are interested in so really i think that that question just is more about instead of how can i get my audience elsewhere i'm on rented land and that kind of you know phrase i would just more put energy and effort into how can we just keep delivering better videos to the audience i know that's quite almost binary it's like yes no it's like can you do this it's easier said than done oftentimes when someone starts to decline when you look back there's a clear um you know it's almost like a black box like in a plane when when a youtube channel crashes and burns there's something there that shows you like you can just look at the views you can look at the videos you can look at the topic interest and you can look at how the challenge just hasn't innovated takes someone like ninja biggest gaming channel in the world two years ago and he made a lot of money and i'm sure he's he's fine with it but he's getting like 50k views of video now or 100k views of video now he was getting like 20 million views two years ago and you could kind of say fortnite has died down because he was a fortnight gamer and that's right fortnite has gone down in google trends has less interest in fortnite than it was two years ago but on the same token there's other people that still make fortnite content that are still pulling pretty similar views to what they were pulling two years ago the difference with those creators is they pivoted they innovated maybe they went into like news content or they you know they they just focus their their channel around a certain type of fortnight um gaming or whatever people are interested within the fortnight kind of ecosystem maybe it's just like gear review or strategy videos or you know whatever so it's usually an innovation problem not like an algorithm problem and although i would say you asked there like what the biggest threat to youtube is i like you know i've done i've um i'm kind of involved with youtube a little bit like contributing to to what they do on on their team um so i'm you know a little biased but something i would say you should could improve on is things like transparency around channel terminations so i think the biggest threat to channels is if you're in a kind of risky um genre of content and by risky i don't mean anything crazy but like you know if you do let's say let's say you're an american channel that there's like i don't know weapon reviews or something or even to any sort of sound i've seen like investing channel stuff from this where they're like doing videos about like obscure cryptocurrencies and i've seen plenty of them get their channels terminated and so the biggest threat is isn't really an algorithm problem i think it's a termination problem it's it's about youtube's terms of service and trying to follow them as clear as possible i think youtube occasionally could do a better job of communicating why someone got banned and how they could have prevented it and also quite often like people get their channels terminated falsely so i worked with a client before who um he did investing videos for cryptocurrency he made a video on dogecoin and elon musk's snl appearance and around that time there was loads of these scams that were like doing live streams of like elon musk talking about dogecoin and they were just like linked to scams in the comments and youtube just lashed out and just started banning those channels rightfully so but lots of people caught up in the collateral damage of that and got their chances terminated too so really i think it's about always playing it safe and being careful but at the same time the thing that frustrates me a little bit is if you look at late night television you know in ireland or in any country you know there is nudity there's uh racy stuff there's violence there's blood all these sort of things and there's still lots of advertisers paying you know red bull or heineken you know they're like you know a show about serial killers here's my you know here's 50k they've run out before you know they they don't care for that sort of stuff when it comes to youtube i guess because it's a little less moderated you should feel like they have to be the person who just makes sure the platform's upheld to a strong standard and so frustrates me a little bit that for example still to stay on youtube profanity can really cost you advertising revenue in your videos whereas like there's lots of profanity and tv shows and movies and whatnot that still get great advertising revenue but that will change i feel over time that's a fair point and you recently published a video about the insane growth at a belugas channel and which was your first video after a two-month break and there is a fear that if you're not consistently uploading uh routinely you'll fall behind did you find that to be the case after that break well the thing is it is again it's always the audience thing but youtube there's nothing again there's nothing coded into youtube that's punishing someone for taking a break it's more just after a break can you come back with a good video so for example with that that beluga video the video i posted before that did kind of poorly it underperformed for me a little bit um i tried to hold my content to the highest standard and that felt a little short and i went into a bit of a dip in channel momentum took a two-month break as i was dealing with some other stuff came back and that video was like two out of ten which for people who don't know youtube it's it means it ranked second out of my last 10 videos in terms of views and which was obviously really positive and actually just in the last 24 hours the videos really started to take off and i don't know when this podcast will go out but right now it's on 100k views and i would be willing to bet that it'll be double or triple that in a week's time um so in terms of breaks if you can come back with good content and your audience still likes it you'll still get push it's there's no punishment towards that a lot of people think you have to post three times a week or something to get consistent and that's when youtube will post you if you're consistent it's an audience thing if your audience wants wants content once a week and if you don't deliver them once a week they forget you you know that's that's the nature of that audience then but i do think we have to like have a little bit of a caveat i am in a bit of a privileged position because my content as a whole suits the kind of less frequency and more focus on the quality every now and again there are some channels that like to maybe news content if you take like a two-month break from news maybe all your viewers go and find another news channel and forget about you so it's a case-by-case basis but i i just think the way i view it is if the break means you'll come back a bit more refreshed so right now i took a break that video's done really well because it's a good video i think and i've got another video coming later this month i have another video coming after that i'm i'm right back to it i'm right back to momentum so that breaking kind of even if it reduces views a little bit in the short term if long term it kind of puts you in a better place to make content i think you do it i think you should do it just on that topic of like video performance and monetization more than anything once your channel is large enough um i understand that google will pay you like adsense revenue based on viewership retention rates on the videos i've seen terms like like cpm and rpm get thrown around a lot and i i'm sure there's a lot of people listening who don't know what those are just like i didn't what do these terms stand for and what are some of the factors that go into influencing like a video performing well like you mentioned that the two out of ten what are some of the things that make a video a one out of ten sure so in terms of rpm and cpm cpm is essentially how much the advertiser it's cost per meal how much the advertiser will pay for 1000 impressions of their ad on your videos and the rpm is what the actuality is so that's how much the video actually made per 1000 views so there's usually a slight variation where you know not every time a video an ad isn't displayed on every single video every single time so your cpm is always a little higher than your rpm i focus on the rpm because that literally just means okay i got 10 000 views how much is that i got a thousand views how much is that so it's actually the rate you get paid per 1000 views so for example for a channel like mine i get kind of between a four and like eight dollar rpm so if i get a million views i make kind of between four and eight k sometimes a bit higher but generally falls in that range and then for let's say some other channels they might be one or two dollar and some of the channels are like 20 plus the difference being is again it's about the audience if you're making finance videos the people watching that video are interested in investing they probably have spare disposable income and they're more than likely in their 20s or 30s or maybe even 40s if you're making minecraft videos the people who are watching are probably boys and girls between the ages of 12 and 16 who likely don't have a credit card that don't have much money and are not interested in investing or like lots of other big industries so naturally the content displayed the ads displayed on a minecraft video more like you know toys or like burger king or like you know these kind of companies that just essentially throw their ads to everyone because everyone's interested whereas for a finance video you're gonna get thrown ads from like jpmorgan chase um you know wells fargo um wealthfront all these companies that to them if they get one customer that could be worth like 300 like the cost of acquisition for one customer for wells fargo could be like 500 or something so it makes sense for them to pour more money and compete on these videos um to get ad space as opposed to like a minecraft video where you know anyone could advertise on them there's loads of other minecraft videos i could just advertise that i could put the ad spent into like a different game or a different channel or a different audience or whatever so it comes down to niche and it comes down to audience and for example football channels and are primarily watched by like i find like 16 to like 24 year olds i'm really into football and football i mean soccer um but generally the audience is like 16 24. so the ad rates are okay but they're not great but then if you do something like golf because golfers are typically older they're like in their 30s and 40s which in general would be the time you have the highest disposable income in your life and there's also lots of expensive products around golf whereas like footballs and football boots you know they're quite expensive but like you know there's not that like to play soccer you don't need to spend a grand on golf clubs like you're doing golf and then that would dramatically affect the difference in rpm where golf would be you know three four times higher per 1000 views than soccer would so yeah it's it's depending on the nations depending on the audience um and also to a certain extent the content you make as well so like if you're making really squeaky clean family-friendly content naturally there's gonna be more advertisers that could possibly want to advertise on your channel the more competition for ad space the higher the rates um as with everything and to answer the second part of your question like what affects a video's performance really it comes down to a few things like the first thing is interest in the audience so like i could post a video on a very obscure channel and it could be the most interesting story in the world but if no one's heard of the channel or really cares they're not going to click so interest is the most important thing like is the video interesting is it a topic they actually care about same with like let's say an investing channel if you make a video about ethereum or bitcoin or dogecoin or something it's probably gonna um have a wide interest to a lot of people because everyone knows it if you make a a video on some brand new coin called temporary still water coin or something um and it's like this brand new irish coin from temporary that's amazing you know if you just say temporary still water coin i just say that because there's a bottle in front of me and in the title of the video no one's really gonna care but if you maybe frame that video in a way saying you know this new coin might 10x then suddenly you're framing it in a way that's got broad appeal so it's not always about the actual video it's about how you frame it and so how about you tighten it on that um because your interest can be measured roughly in ctr like how many people are actually clicking through the video cto's click through rate um and then past that point is how much people stay so are they staying are they clicking off right away because they didn't like the intro or they didn't like the beginning of the video or are they actually investing in the region staying if you get a video that has wide interest and when people click they stay you're going to get high performing video that's the the two parts of the formula nice nice and monetization it isn't just limited to that adsense revenue that i mentioned there the proper business savvy youtubers they strike brand deals and they use like affiliate marketing to earn money through their videos are there any newer methods of monetization that you're seeing trend lately beyond the classic things like dropping merch and things like that yeah but you're 100 right about 10 maybe maybe not even 10 of my revenue is from adsense um i know i know a lot of other creators that make you know 100k plus a month that would make 80 or 90 from adsense but in general the best businesses on youtube it's a very small percentage maybe like 20 30 as opposed to 90 obviously it depends on niche yeah there's so many different ways to monetize like if you have an audience it just opens up so many possibilities i've seen a lot more creators get involved in like actual startups recently so maybe the startup will come to them and instead of the creator say charging 50 grand for a brand deal they get two percent equity in the startup or something so that's something i've seen which i think is is quite good because it plays into this long-term wealth thing which i think is important for grayers in terms of anything like more simple i've seen a lot of people have a lot of success with like membership groups recently so like things like a patreon or even like a membership site it's an it's an old thing it's not it's not brand new or any way but i think a lot of audience like that because let's take my channel for example i i know a lot more than what i cover in my videos purely because if i went into the detail i know about youtube and you know showed lots of correlation graphs i would put off the majority of the casual viewers that doesn't mean that i don't have like 10 percent of viewers that would really like that content so let's just say hypothetically i started um a membership group and 10 of my viewers is like 27 000 people maybe you know 10 of those convert two thousand seven hundred people into a membership group um and i charged you know ten twenty dollars a month to a membership group you can see how that adds up to be a very considerable income stream and perhaps in that membership group i share you know stuff that i don't wanna share on youtube like it's like here's a strategy that really works but if i share this in the public it wouldn't work because everyone would use it or you know here's some more detailed graphs and stuff that i look at and so on so it's something i've looked at i'm very patient with it to see when the best time the best platform and everything is to launch something like that and i've seen a lot of attraction with that for for people and for clients i've worked with but other than that i just think more chance you get more creative with product like merch you know if you if you're if you're releasing a t-shirt you're competing against every other chance releasing a t-shirt you know like this there's just so much competition but another irish youtuber and someone i've chat to a few times is really nice guy and brian mcmanus from real engineering and real science he released so his channel is all about like you know the aerodynamics of like the boeing 737 and stuff which is incredible content and he released like a a notebook with um squared like graph paper for diagrams and stuff and it's branded with like his logo and stuff and it's really really cool and like the type of content he makes is for engineers who need notebooks so it's a good product market fit it's different like if you just start a t-shirt like sure maybe there's like you know 0.1 percent of watchers would be interested in the t-shirt but they've got like the other 100 channels they watch out trying to sell them t-shirts too so when you're coming with something a little different i know another youtuber ali abdullah is working on something quite similar and he's working on a physical i would say like journal product i don't know how much he's revealed about it but it's like a physical notebook or journal type of um and i actually think it's it's funny because when you think of youtube you think of high-tech things you think of digital products and stuff but sometimes there is like value in the in the physical thing um i think it's just being creative for example if i was to make a t-shirt i think i'd i could do a whole merch launch and honestly i think i could make like five grand maybe 10 grand if i put all that effort into something else maybe maybe a membership group or maybe let's just say something funny like i know like a big poster of a retention the perfect retention curve or something i guarantee there'd be lots of nerds that would love to buy that you know and i'd probably make a lot more money as opposed to just a city t-shirt um yeah that's that's the main trend i see like trying to provide something different and being very hyper aware of the context that you're within you know if you're an entertainment channel there's a good chance all your viewers also watch mr beast so if that's about one piece of merch are they gonna buy mr beast or yours that's the kind of way to think about you have to let us know when that poster drops um but uh obviously one of the most important metrics is watch time there are various studies suggesting that you know global um global attention spans are they're just dropping and you know i think that's probably as a result of you know shorter form content and but as such do you believe youtubers should be making shorter videos in order to improve their watch time in that regard or what are your thoughts so just because attention spans are dropping doesn't mean demand for longer content is dropping so for example on tick tock tick tock makes short form content like they're all like 20 30 seconds or whatever but someone watches you know an hour of tick tocks and it just melts by so it's like it's more about attend i i feel like it's more about engaging quick content as opposed to like just short content so what i advice um channels often to do is just edit like it is a short film content but just do that for the whole video so like quite often you could almost make like a 10-minute video feel like 20 tick tocks you know because it's so like for an entertainment champ for example because it's so fast-paced there's lots of things happening there's lots of different changes all the time and that's still catering to the the short retention span um but the overall like average view duration is going up like average iterations for most platforms are going up over the last five years people are spending more time when they do watch they just quite often are choosing shorter videos and watching multiple of them in a row as opposed to let's say like a big 20 30 minute video so really it's niche dependent i've worked with channels that are making 10 minute videos and we make a 30 minute video and suddenly we get a million views of video so there's no like specific right or wrong and i just think short form content is interesting youtube shorts is interesting tic tocs interesting i think if you don't have a ring in the hat you might lose out so i always encourage my clients to experiment with it i'm experimenting with tic toc myself at the moment and i haven't reached any videos yet but i've been prepping them i just don't i just don't like it i just don't like making them so it's kind of difficult but um the way i see it there's always going to be demand for long-form content you just need to get with the times and make sure that long-form content is really engaging i mean like how long are mr beast's last like five videos like he's got like an eight-minute video in there then he's got like a 16 like a 20 like he's got got long videos in there so it's not it's not going away any time soon i certainly know from using tick tock myself you can easily have an error go by just consuming all the mad videos and it's developing a lot you know it's not just dance videos on t clock now there's some really really talented creators i would say so i'm looking forward to what you release on there paddy um last question from from us today i believe you're a fellow man united fan your reference you're a football fan so forgive me if i'm wrong um obviously not doing too well at the moment but i'm sure you're aware of x-men united goalkeeper ben foster who has kind of pioneered content creation as a current premier league footballer at his youtube channel the cycling gk um footballers often struggle to establish a career post-playing asides from the classic avenues of like going into management or going into punditry do you see other players following foster's lead and creating these kind of vlog style videos in the coming years yeah yeah i do i definitely do yeah ben ben is such an interesting one so he like he's one of the first to do it i suppose i think jesse lingard had a youtube channel too but it was kind of corporate like it was like someone following him around with the camera as opposed to to ben who's actually bringing around a camera he's talking to the viewer like that's why it works it's not because he's got like the best 4k cameras is because it's actually you youtube you know it's you you know it's it's actually ben and he's actually really cool guy i remember i was uh i was just chilling in bed one day and i just got this comment on my video ben foster cycling goalkeeper paddy you've wrote the bible for how to grow on youtube this is like i've just watched every single video it's amazing and so funny because like when i first started supporting united it must have been like i don't know 2003. i think ben foster was coming through in like 2006 2007 and i've worked with i've technically worked with people who maybe in the grand scheme of things are much have a much bigger fame or whatever but it's just so weird to like have someone watching my videos that literally you know i grew up watching be a reserve keeper for us or playing the league cup or whatever which is really funny and yeah we also had a little i think a few tweets on twitter as well together but i do see it being a thing think about it this way if ronaldo does an instagram live video someone on screen records that instagram live video and gets like 10 million views on instagram and that's it like a really poor quality live stream that's just ripped from someone's instagram story i put on usually it's 10 million views what happens if ronaldo actually makes like day in the life videos i think they get like 50 million views of um like i think they get mr beast level numbers because he's one of the biggest athletes in the world in fact i think i'd be comfortable enough to say that if ronaldo committed to youtube he'd made more money through youtube than he'd make through sponsorships on twitter instagram anywhere else he does them sure those things are a little easier because you just post a photo but like ronaldo could make similar money to what he's making as a player on youtube um if he if he really grew the platform just from ad revenue and from other ways to sell his products you know because people can buy through his instagram or whatever but imagine he's doing like 10-minute 12-minute vlogs every day or every every week or whatever now the difficulty is for most people that's very hard especially when you're ronaldo and you're training like a lunatic and i'm sure ben foster's hard-working but i'd say he doesn't put in those sort of hours um but i do think it's it's an interesting thing moving forward like getting a closer look to them the only thing i'd say is quite often we've seen lots of celebrities come to youtube and they're just missing what youtube is about they're just doing kind of like performance of videos youtube's not about performance it's relatability ben foster works because he's really relatable he's a really nice guy maybe if someone followed for another camera it'd be good but does he have that same kind of is he is he going to approach in the same bend those where he actually is vlogging because if he is then i'd say there's a huge amount of potential there and but on that side it's like all things if everyone starts doing it it's not going to be you know it's relevant although you can imagine like you know every youtube or every footballer has like a certain set of fans it's like there's certain like even like musicians or whatever that you're just really into and i feel like you know maybe there's a musician a musician from america that i really like and if he did vlogs i'd probably watch every single one and maybe there's 50 other thousand people like me and that's a much better way to keep engaged with your fans than like putting up a twitter or instagram every couple of weeks um so yeah i i think it's still i think a lot of the traditional sort of industries are still waking up to youtube and and it's for that reason that there's people in their bedrooms um pulling more views than fox you know and and that's why that's why i'm so excited by this industry and i think uh it's only going to grow from here it's crazy world anyway we'll leave it there for today and paddy it's been an absolute pleasure getting to sit down and chat with you it's been very educational but for those who want to go out and find more about you and your content where should they go yeah hit me up on on instagram um at paddy galloway um all one word and twitter at paddy g96 i've been trying to get at paddy galloway for like 10 years but i can't get it um and then youtube just searched my name paddy galloway and you'll see my videos there and yeah if you if you come from the podcast drop a comment um on the youtube um but yeah it was an absolute pleasure to talk to you guys really really enjoyable podcast and i'm looking forward to seeing it out fantastic thanks again paddy and for everyone listening we'll catch you in the next one

  Top Comments:
  1. @paddygalloway8780 [26 likes]: Loved it!
  2. @martinlilly [4 likes]: Great content lads
  3. @Burbie [3 likes]: Really insightfull podcast loved it!
  4. @FlairEsports [1 likes]: Great podcast, packed with a lot of value :)
  5. @HowNiftyYT [1 likes]: You're an inspiration Paddy!
  6. @ExpiredMilk: W podcast - Would be great if you could add chapters
  7. @boisesoccer: Great podcast!

- How TikTok's Algorithm Figures You Out | WSJ: Kind: captions Language: en - Okay, has anyone else noticed that your For You page has been a little too accurate lately? It hasn't been things that I'll google or I talk about. It's been thoughts. - TikTok knows everything about us. ♪ Hold up, don't scroll ♪ ♪ Lemme ask you something first ♪ ♪ Can someone please explain ♪ ♪ How this algorithm works ♪ - [Narrator] TikTok users often wonder how the world's fastest-growing social network seems to know them so well. - Is TikTok secretly listening to us while we're watching videos? I don't know. (upbeat music) - [Narrator] The answer to how this app gets to know you so intimately is a highly secretive algorithm, long guarded by TikTok's China-based parent company, ByteDance. - TikTok has been so successful in terms of implementing their algorithms. - TikTok's algorithm could influence the thinking of US youth. - [Narrator] To understand how it knows users so well, The Wall Street Journal created over 100 automated TikTok accounts or bots that watched hundreds of thousands of videos on the app. We also spoke to current and former executives at the company. Officially, the company says that shares, likes, follows and what you watch all play a role in what TikTok shows you. We found that TikTok only needs one of these to figure you out. How long you linger over a piece of content. Every second you hesitate or rewatch, the app is tracking you. - I just wanna quiet the noise. - [Narrator] Through this one powerful signal, TikTok learns your most hidden interests and emotions. And drives you deep into rabbit holes of content that are hard to escape. (noise of voices) ♪ I'm happy, happy guy ♪ ♪ Oh, just a happy, happy, happy ♪ - [Narrator] The TikTok experience starts the same way for everyone. Open the app and you'll immediately see an endless string of videos in your For You feed. Take this new user, a 24-year-old from Henry County, Kentucky. (jumbled music plays) TikTok starts by serving the account a selection of very popular videos vetted by app moderators. Is this person religious? - Because I still have a purpose. And you still hold a plan for my life. - [Narrator] Do they wanna participate in viral dances. ♪ Hey, hey, who ♪ - [Narrator] Are they feeling down lately? - [Narrator] Just remember, I loved you once. And that love goes for a friend, family, or any relationship. - [Narrator] What TikTok doesn't know is that the 24-year-old from Kentucky isn't a person at all. It's one of the bot accounts programmed by The Wall Street Journal. Let's call it kentucky_96. We set up these accounts to understand how TikTok figures out your unexpressed interests. We assigned each bot a date of birth and an IP address, which told TikTok their location. None were given a gender. We gave each bot or user interests but those interests were never entered into the app. The only way our users expressed their interests was by rewatching or pausing on videos with related hashtags or images. Some were into extreme sports. Others were interested in forestry. Or dance. Or astrology. - I'm not the babysitter, I'm not the parent. - [Narrator] Or some other topic. - [TikToker] Keep scrolling if you hate animals. - [Narrator] For all our accounts, we found that TikTok draws users in at first by serving a wide variety of videos. Many with millions of views. Then as the algorithm sees what you respond to, the selection of videos and the view counts can get lower and lower with fewer of them vetted by moderators to see if they violate TikTok's terms of service. We reviewed our experiment and its results with a data scientist, an algorithm expert, Guillaume Chaslot, a former Google engineer who worked on YouTube's algorithm. He's now an advocate for algorithm transparency. The says TikTok is different from other social media platforms. - The algorithm on TikTok can get much more powerful and it can be able to learn your vulnerabilities much faster. - [Narrator] In fact, TikTok fully learned many of our accounts' interests in less than two hours. Some it figured out in less than 40 minutes. - [Guillaume] On YouTube, more than 70% of the views come from the recommendation engine. So it's already huge. But on TikTok, it's even worse. It's probably like 90-95% of the content that is seen that comes from the recommendation engine. (dramatic music) - [Narrator] This is a visualization made from hashtags attached to the videos our bots watched. Think of it as a partial view of the universe of TikTok content. Here's where we found dance videos, over here are the cooking videos. The spindly arm stretching out of the center represent niche content areas. This arm starts with general videos of cute animals but if we follow it out to the end, we find more specific videos for enthusiast of French bulldogs. As kentucky_96 starts its journey, it starts moving around within the mainstream where TikTok is trying to puzzle out what it wants. We programmed kentucky_96 to be interested in sadness and depression. Let's see how long it takes TikTok to figure that out. - [TikToker] Life doesn't happen to you, life happens for you. So if life is taking people away from your life, and putting new ones in. - [Narrator] Less than three minutes into using TikTok, at its 15th video, kentucky_96 pauses on this. - [TikToker] And that love goes for a friend, family or any relationship. - [Narrator] Kentucky_96 watches the 35-second video twice. Here TikTok gets its first inkling that perhaps the new user is feeling down lately. - [TikToker] Whoever comes, let them come. Whoever stays, let them stay. Whoever goes, let them go. - [Narrator] The information contained in this single video provided the app with important clues. The author of the video, the audio track, the video description, the hashtags. After kentucky_96's first sad video, TikTok serves another one 23 videos later. Or after about four more minutes of watching. - [TikToker] I'll leave you alone from now on if that's what you want. - [Narrator] This one is a breakup video with the hashtag #sad. - [TikToker] Do you why I leave you alone? 'Cause I care about your feelings more than mine. - [Narrator] TikTok's still trying to suss out this new user with more high view count videos. Does the new user wanna watch videos about friendship? (playful music) Or to laugh at funny fail videos? ♪ Oh no, oh no, no, no, no, no ♪ - [TikToker] Nobody's gonna know. - [TikToker] They're gonna know. - [Narrator] Or do they like videos about home repairs? Other information from your phone, including location can impact the videos that are shown in a user's feed. - And as a Kentuckian, I never thought I'd lose my freedom over a virus. - [Narrator] For instance, kentucky_96 saw lots about Kentucky but whether or not it keeps showing you that type of video depends on your response to it. A TikTok spokeswoman said the app does not listen to your microphone or read text messages to serve you personalized videos. (pensive music) At video 57, kentucky_96 keeps watching a video about heartbreak and hurt feelings. And then at video 60, watches one about emotional pain. Based on the videos we watched so far, TikTok thinks that maybe this user wants to see more about love, breakups and dating. So at about 80 videos and 15 minutes in, the app starts serving more about relationships. But kentucky_96 isn't interested. - [TikToker] Your voice, your smile, your eyes, your laugh. - [Narrator] The user instead pauses on one about mental health. Then quickly swipes past videos about missing an ex. - [TikToker] I miss you and I like having you around. - [Narrator] Advice about moving on and how to hold a lover's interest. - [TikToker] He spends more time on his phone when he's around you. - [Narrator] Kentucky_96 lingers over this video containing the hashtag #depression. - [TikToker] Something's wrong with me. (sad music) And these videos about suffering from anxiety. - [TikToker] It's like a reward. - [Narrator] After 224 videos into the bot's overall journey or about 36 minutes of total watch time, TikTok's understanding of kentucky_96 takes shape. Videos about depression and mental health struggles outnumber those about relationships and breakups. From here on, kentucky_96's feed is a deluge of depressive content. 93% of videos shown to the account are about sadness or depression. - People been lookin' at me. I'm just like what you looking at? - [Narrator] A TikTok spokeswoman said that some of the remaining 7% of videos are to help the user discover different content. But for kentucky_96, such videos were few and far between. The majority of videos it was shown outside of its depressive rabbit hole were ads. A TikTok spokeswoman said that the simulated activity generated by The Wall Street Journal's bots is not representative of real user behavior because humans have a diverse set of interests. But even some of our accounts with diverse interests rabbit holed. We showed our data and many of the videos seen by kentucky_96 to Chaslot. - What we see on TikTok is a bit the same that what we saw on YouTube. So basically, the algorithm is detecting that this depressing content is useful to create engagement and pushes depressing content. So the algorithm is pushing people towards more and more extreme content, so it can push them toward more and more watch time. - [Narrator] TikTok also says it allows you to see less of something by selecting the Not Interested button but Chaslot says that's not enough. - The algorithm is able to find the piece of content that you're vulnerable to, that will make you click, that will make you watch but it doesn't mean you really like it and that it's the content that you enjoy the most. It's just the content that's the most likely to make you stay on the platform. - [Narrator] Our bots only escaped rabbit holes when we changed their viewing interests. When we told one bot to stop watching videos about ADHD, the algorithm cut back on that content. Still, many of The Journal's bots were rapidly pushed deep into rabbit holes. TikTok learned our bots' most far-flung interests, like astrology, but even bots with general mainstream interests got pushed to the margin as the recommendations got more personalized and narrow. Bots with a interest in sexual content wound up way out here watching hashtag #kingtok videos about sexual power dynamics. And our bot with a general interest in politics wound up being served videos about election conspiracies and QAnon. - Impeach Biden and Kamala. It goes from the House to the Senate. - [Narrator] Deep in the niche worlds of TikTok, users are more likely to encounter potentiality harmful content that is less vetted by moderators and violates the app's terms of service. - [TikToker] Make them angry and sad. They would be so much happier without you. that the company catches a lot of banned content, which passes through both computer analysis and human moderators. It also reviews videos reported by users. - [TikToker] Don't tell them goodbye, just go. - [TikToker] It's not my time. Pew. (TikToker laughing) - [Narrator] There's a lot of fun, silly and life-affirming content on TikTok. (TikToker screaming) But while TikTok can draw out what makes you laugh. (TikToker humming) It can also make you wallow in your darkest box. - Turning the pain from mental to physical works. - [Narrator] Without ever needing to eavesdrop on you or collect any personal information about you. - I've never attempted suicide or anything. I've never let it get that far. - Whether it's on TikTok, on Facebook, on YouTube, we're interacting with algorithms in our everyday life more and more. We are training them and they're training us. So we have to study this so we understand it better and we don't let it go in directions that are harmful to society or to certain groups of people.

  Top Comments:
  1. @sagassvensson [9 likes]: Delete the app and you will instantly feel better.
  2. @khiemvu2672 [3 likes]: Tik Tok just drains your energy with low quality contents. And there are all of things that Tik Tok can foster,  guys.
  3. @TheDictator-b4h [1 likes]: This aged well
  4. @kyla8295 [1 likes]: So dangerous for people who struggle with mental health. Sad to see. I wish there was legislation keeping up with technology.
  5. @euanduthie2333 [1 likes]: Meanwhile. the WSJ serves up a recommended video at the end of this one, talking about their owner's hobby of going to space.
  6. @johnroney2191: the chinese tiktok developers knows its a bot due to the frquency of your finger scrolling up and down. 
a bot will have uniform scrolling patterns on deeper level, not a human
  7. @higherquality: can I CHOOSE what I want to watch?
  8. @AvokadoDj: Si me ví el vídeo 😃
  9. @ZugIslandYachtClub: If it's free, YOU are the product.
Think about that. These social media companies don't charge it's users anything. Yet somehow they're worth billions. Hmmm?
They're worth so much because they sell you. You are their product.

WSJ: Thanks for this video. Especially for the experiment & research described. 
Perhaps you could expand on this line of inquiry: let's see if these apps are actually reading user's private data; contacts, text messages, gallery, email, etc.
To do this you could populate your bots devices with content restricted to a narrow topic. Say, a messy breakup, auto repair, fruit trees, etc...you get the idea.
Then roll the experiment with some virgin bots. Have these bots engage the same content. And then see if there is any difference in what Tic Toc feeds these users.
  10. @joshs3916: So glad I never used/downloaded this app
  11. @texwatter: Hi 👋🏽
  12. @texwatter: Comment
  13. @Worldaffairslover: If you’re complaining about this, then just throw away all technology
  14. @daijiazhang8483: Too many ads :(
  15. @JayAymi: I think its kind of funny how the US gets all hot and bothered when China does the same exact thing that you all have been doing for years with Meta. Get it together.
  16. @fangliu1369: 质量非常高的研究 谢谢
  17. @windiedchannel: Let me edit your video to my video. I want to cut
  18. @f3rn4n2x3str3ll4: Since you were advocating for introspection, consider this:
Every post in social media can be seen as a response to the question “how to be happy?”.
Example: Your friend posts a travel picture. They just say something about what they experienced, in the caption, like: “I spent the whole night up and didn’t feel tired!”. But they were implicitly saying: “I was feeling like my daily routine was narrowing my view of the world and life, so I aimed to expand it with travel. When I traveled, I did all these things and this is how well it served my intended purpose”. Since no one is requesting your friend to be explicit about those 3 components (the problem/goal, the method they used to achieve that goal, and how well it worked) your friend doesn’t explain them explicitly. But everyone should be explicit about them. 
Why?
Because it would help someone else. If someone else had the same goal as you, they could see what worked for you, and if you evaluate that method very positively, they would compare your rating to the rating they give to the method they were trying so far or considering, and may try your method instead. Yes, maybe a “10/10” rating is subjective for everyone, but it would still give some sense of ”objective” measure of effectiveness.
So, everyone can say the components  explicitly, or social media could request you to fill in those 3 components for every post you make, so it’s easier for the software to find all posts that are describing how to reach a given goal, all the methods tried to achieve that goal, and all the ratings.
Now, social media could be designed with those components as the basis of the design. You could just login and search for a goal or create one if yours doesn’t exist, see the methods that exist to achieve that goal, which ones have been tried by people, and how people have evaluated every attempt. They could add nuance or extra details to their numeric review with an extra text field.
I was thinking of what would be the fastest way to implement such a social media nowadays, and my current conclusion is that it can be in a Discord server: each channel can be a goal, each post in a channel is a method, and each reply to a post is a review of someone’s attempt to use that method to reach that goal. Everyone can quickly find methods to try and they can leave their reviews after giving an honest attempt. If the nature of some attempt really requires a person to update their evaluation or append to it, it would be best that they update the same review instead of creating new ones that are harder to link together. What they can do is start a review, grab a link to the reply they just made, and save it as a bookmark so they can come back to it later. I created such a Discord server but haven’t shared it with anyone yet. No reason for it, just doing something else.
More broadly, this system leverages the core of what looking for truth is: if you really want to reach your goal, you want to know what the TRUE method to reach your goal is. Why? Because reality works a certain way. I’m not implying it is a limited way. It just works in some way. You want to operate in the way reality actually works. 
So, when using this system, users are not distracted by prejudices they may have regarding where a method came from. Even though someone may suggest a method that was originally from a tradition, philosophy, body of work, experiment, culture, religion, etc., the method is simply presented as the essence what it is: a standalone method to reach the goal you chose to reach, instead of one part of many others that you must ascribe by to reach the goal someone else tells you you should reach. That is, the prejudice may come from the fact that someone is offering you more than what you need, e.g. “join my culture, do all these things, and then you will get this goal” so you wonder "do I need all that?", and from the fact that someone is offering you to reach a goal that you haven’t chosen yourself that you want to reach, e.g. if someone offers you a method to feel the whole universe as part of you, you may not be sure if you want it when all you want right now is not to feel angry with someone.
What do you think?
  19. @Jess-h2h4w: Thanks WSJ for spreading awareness.
However, can you make a video explaining what an algorithm is? Because many users don't seem to understand how algorithms work.
Thanks
  20. @johanneszwilling: There must be thing in psychology that captures this popular notion of implying malice to the other party, while totally disregarding personal decision making and accountability.

So the algorithm gives you,....what you want. In a way it becomes a mirror of yourself. What possibly else is it supposed to do, …successfully?

Even if it'd magically could give you what you want (your decisions) or need (who decides that if not you), without you wanting to tell it about yourself (privacy), you'd then still find a way to be unhappy about it. 

You're too self-aware and expecting to possibly ever outsource this successfully to a thing or a deity (whilst insisting on specific outcomes).

“Take me for a ride,...I do not wanna pay attention and I will be mad if I don't end up in a place that I kinda like to get to still, but I didn’t tell you about it or did anything in my own capacity.”

It makes sense if you assume people do this to save energy, but still wanna get to places: Lower your guard, be influenced and get mad, once you realise, this ain’t what you want. 

Even IF your assessment is being challenged by counter proposals (a factually malicious algorithm),…yeah, so what, such is life, always has been. You're an equal participant in making the decision to dismiss and push back. It’s a proposal, …where is yours?

Maybe algorithms are the new religion,...outsource that soul-crushing accountability of making consequential decisions and seeing them through.

...worship, worship, vilify, vilify.

You’ve been challenged! You are better and much more capable than this!


You wanna talk and experience something truly, TRULY addictive!!?? 
Self-efficacy/Agency!


(…and for teens there are parents)

- What not to do as a digital creator? Algorithm and its impact on income.: Kind: captions Language: en Imagine spending years building your dream career and then one update wipes it out overnight. That's the dark side of the algorithm, which is invisible, powerful, and sometimes brutal. For example, in 2019, YouTube's ad apocalypse demonetized millions of videos. Family bloggers and gamers saw their incomes cut in half literally overnight. In 2022, Instagram decided to push res. Great for short form video, but photographers and artists suddenly lost 60 to 70% of their engagement. And now Tik Tok creators in the US live with the fear of possible ban. Imagine years of building an audience could vanish with one government decision. So here's the real problem. Creators don't own their audience. Platforms do. Algorithms decide who gets discovered, who gets paid, and who disappears. Now, when the rule changes, three things collapse. Discovery, monetization, and community loyalty. That's why so many creator startups struggle to scale. My take on this? So, if you want to survive the algorithm, stop depending on it. Build multiple income streams, subscriptions, merge, courses, private communities. Own your audience through newsletters or apps because one algorithm tweaks shouldn't decide your future. So what do you think? Should creators fight the algorithm or escape it completely? Let's decode this in the comment section and click on subscribe button. Follow for more.

  Top Comments:
  1. @UnwantedCommentary [2 likes]: This is a freaking AI video. It looked like it on the thumbnail so I had to watch to confirm

- Algorithms are breaking how we think: Kind: captions Language: en I want to show you something. It’s this radio. It’s pretty cool looking, right? I use it pretty often. Now, here’s a fun little challenge for you: Tell me the model number, what year this radio was made, what vacuum tubes are inside of it, and&nbsp;find its schematic diagram for me so I can order new capacitors for it. Go on. If that seems like&nbsp;a difficult task - it’s very much not. So long as you can see this image, you have everything you&nbsp;need on your screen right now to get all that information and much more in less than a minute. That is, if you know where and how to look. Now, I’m gonna show you where and how to look&nbsp;in just a moment but first I should note that this is no doubt going to be the most crotchety,&nbsp; old-man-yells-at-cloud video I’ve ever released and I won’t hide from that. Another thing I won’t&nbsp;hide from is the fact that this is largely an opinion piece. If that doesn’t sound like your&nbsp;jam, please feel free to watch any of the other videos on this here website. But if you’ll indulge&nbsp;me - that’s actually a large part of what this video is about. It’s about the modern internet&nbsp; and how I think it’s caused a lot of folks to stop looking for things. I’ll explain what I mean later&nbsp; but first let’s figure out what that radio is. So - all we’ve got is a picture. But I promise you&nbsp;don’t need any fancy image recognition tools to find this radio. All it takes is noticing a few&nbsp;of its details. The radio is branded “Silvertone” and the tuning dial has two sets of numbers,&nbsp; one labeled “standard broadcast” and the other labeled “ffsomething modulation.” The first word&nbsp;is partially obscured by the dial’s pointer but it’s likely frequency. You probably know that&nbsp;frequency modulation is what FM is short for, and this is clearly an old radio. So it’s some&nbsp;kind of old FM radio made by Silvertone. How can we identify which one? Well, let’s see if&nbsp;we can pick it out from a Google Image search. A lot of people would call this a vintage radio&nbsp; so we’ll look for “vintage silvertone FM radio” There are lots of pictures of cool old radios&nbsp; here but look at that - it’s the very same one. And with a click on it we’ll see the image&nbsp;description which tells us this is a Silvertone Model 18. Wonderful! Now that we have its model&nbsp;number, we can get more details. I wanted the radio’s schematic diagram, so let’s do a web&nbsp; search for "silvertone model 18 schematic." The first link is to a website called radiomuseum.org&nbsp;- that looks pretty promising! Click through and there’s another picture of the same radio, so we&nbsp;have confirmation that this is indeed a Silvertone Model 18. And right on this page we find it&nbsp;was produced between 1950 and 1954, plus we have a list of its 8 vacuum tubes. And of course&nbsp;there is the schematic available for download, though it can also be found on other websites. Keeping this information available online is a serious undertaking and I applaud the people&nbsp;who dedicate themselves to maintaining active databases like this (as well as those doing the&nbsp;work to back it all up. Especially right now). The point of that little exercise was… well,&nbsp;exercise! What we just did is nothing short of a human superpower. From just an image&nbsp;of an old radio you can find out a lot of information using simple search tools and your own&nbsp;observations. And if you’re just a little curious, you can keep going. Did you notice that the&nbsp;manufacturer was Sears, Roebuck & Co.? Yeah, that Sears. The one that built the tower I see&nbsp;everyday, weather permitting. They made a lot of stuff in-house back in the day, and Silvertone&nbsp;was their brand of electronics and also musical instruments. This brown mid-century beauty was one&nbsp;of their radio receivers. And if you don’t know anything about antique radios and vacuum tubes and&nbsp;why these old things usually need new capacitors, you can also find all that out! A search for&nbsp;“replacing capacitors antique radios” brings you to this lovely website, a much more useful&nbsp;resource than whatever AI nonsense Google is synthesizing because that’s apparently what search&nbsp;engines are supposed to be now for some reason. Ope, there’s the old man yelling at clouds. Told ya. I am sure a lot of you knew how useful the information in that image was&nbsp;and how you could use it to find the radio, and to those of you who did this video&nbsp;probably seems incredibly unremarkable so far. But I believe quite strongly now that&nbsp;this is a skill which as time marches on people are forgetting they have and thus don’t&nbsp;think to use even when it could help them.&nbsp;&nbsp; I want to reiterate the language I just used&nbsp;there: I am not saying people don’t know how to do this - anyone can do this, and hopefully you&nbsp;learned how in school. It’s pretty basic research. What I am saying is that it appears as though an&nbsp;increasing number of people seem to operate in the world without realizing these are things they&nbsp;can do themselves. And that really concerns me. Now I’ve spent enough time on forums to know about “let me google that&nbsp;for you” - a snarky response to people who ask easy-to-answer-with-a-web search questions. I was&nbsp;even on the receiving end of that once. But that’s not quite what I want to talk about. I want to&nbsp;talk about how we decide what we want to see, watch, and do on the internet. Because, well,&nbsp;I’m not sure we realize just how infrequently we’re actually deciding for ourselves these&nbsp;days. That’s right, this is video about the problems of recommendation algorithms on social&nbsp;media and the internet at large. But I’m not gonna be focusing much on what exactly those&nbsp;algorithms do. I think we all know by now. Instead I’m going to be focusing on something&nbsp;which feels new and troubling. I’m starting to see evidence that an increasing number&nbsp;of folks actually prefer to let a computer program decide what they will see when they log&nbsp;on, even when they know they have alternatives. Since this feels like a new phenomenon, I felt it&nbsp;needed a name. I’ve chosen to call it “algorithmic complacency.” Now, I recognize that I am stepping&nbsp;into a discussion that many many people have had and so I don’t want to claim that this is an&nbsp;original thought or even an original term. But as I’ve worked to define and articulate it, I’ve come&nbsp; to believe that it’s a serious problem that needs our immediate attention. Succumbing to algorithmic&nbsp;complacency means you’re surrendering your own agency in ways you may not realize. And as the&nbsp;internet and real life continue to blend together, that can end very badly. Since I believe there’s&nbsp;significant gravity to this topic, I want to present a convincing argument to you. And that&nbsp;requires that we first look backward in time. Think for a moment about what your experience&nbsp;on the internet is like these days and, if you’re old enough, how it differs from a&nbsp;couple of decades ago. The internet used to only exist through a web browser on a desktop&nbsp;computer. Maybe a laptop if you’re fancy. [dial tone and dialing in background] And your computer had to pretend to be a telephone and&nbsp;shriek at other computers through a phone line just to transmit and receive data at blazing&nbsp;slow speeds. It was a dark time. Back then, Google was just a happy little search&nbsp; engine which helped you find websites, and when you found a cool website which you&nbsp;liked you’d use your web browser to bookmark that website. That would make sure you could&nbsp;get back to it later without having to search for it again. Like writing a note to yourself. In other words, the internet was still very manual and you were in charge of navigating&nbsp;it and curating your own experience with it. That also meant the internet didn’t do anything&nbsp;until you asked it to do something. You might set your browser’s homepage to your local newspaper’s website so you could get a bit of a news update each time you logged on but other than that,&nbsp;information didn’t just come to you. Finding news, products, and information on the internet&nbsp;was entirely up to you. You had the world’s information at your fingertips, but you needed&nbsp;to use your fingertips and your brain to get to it. And it was also up to you to gauge the&nbsp; trustworthiness and reliability of the information you found. If you’re over the age of 30 you&nbsp;probably remember what this was like. Overtime, though, things have steadily become a lot more&nbsp;automated. And also a lot more in-your-face. Many people these days experience the internet&nbsp; primarily through their smartphones and mobile apps in a neatly-packaged ecosystem created and&nbsp;curated by giant tech corporations. Even though those apps are often just bespoke web browsers that only take you to a very specific website and keep your traffic inside a walled garden while also collecting lots of data about where you go and what you do, they still represent&nbsp;a radical shift in how we use and experience the internet as a resource. Platforms became&nbsp;the new name of the game. We’re not surfing the web and looking for cool and useful things&nbsp;anymore, we’re hanging out on platforms. Like, well, this one. We’re so used to this now that&nbsp;we imagine apps less as a piece of software which enables connection to people and information and more of a place where we spend time. Internet historians remind us that this is not our&nbsp;first rodeo. We escaped the walled garden that was AOL, after all. But I think most would agree&nbsp; that today’s internet is distinctly different and intense. It has become so integral to our lives&nbsp; that it’s shaping how we view the world and how we operate within it. And most troublingly, we&nbsp;are largely no longer in control of what we see. Recommendation algorithms end up putting content&nbsp;in front of our eyes using methods almost nobody really understands (but probably have something&nbsp;to do with maximizing revenues) and, well, I think it’s breaking our brains. When you have that&nbsp;finely-tuned, algorithmically-tailored firehose of information just coming at you like that, you might feel like you’re having a good time and learning some interesting things, but you’re&nbsp;not necessarily directing your own experience, are you? Is your train of thought really&nbsp;your own when the next swipe might derail it? Now, I am by no means the first person to&nbsp;ask that question. And, full disclosure, I make my living finding information, packaging&nbsp;it into videos which I hope are entertaining and insightful, and putting them online for people&nbsp;to hopefully stumble across when the YouTube algorithm recommends it to them. So I recognize&nbsp;the awkwardness of this particular person talking about this particular thing on this particular&nbsp;platform. But here’s what I think might be new, or at least under-discussed: I am seeing mounting&nbsp;evidence that an increasing number of people are so used to algorithmically-generated feeds that&nbsp;they no longer care to have a self-directed experience that they are in control of. The&nbsp;more time I spend interacting with folks online, the more it feels like large swaths of&nbsp;people have forgotten to exercise their&nbsp;own agency. That is what I mean by algorithmic&nbsp;complacency. More and more people don’t seem to know or care how to view the world without&nbsp;a computer algorithm guiding what they see. That’s a pretty bold claim I just made, and that’s&nbsp;gonna require evidence. I will say up front that my evidence is not scientific, so set your&nbsp;expectations accordingly. I do have data for one particular thing but I want to talk about that&nbsp;second. First, I want to talk about my experiences on new forms of social media and how that has&nbsp;informed this argument. I have long given up on “traditional?” social media but I’ve been indulging&nbsp;in some of the alternatives like Mastodon and, lately, Bluesky. I’m not trying to sell you&nbsp;on using them, to be clear, but both of those platforms are far more manual than anything the&nbsp;likes of Meta or Twitter might have spun up. I think this is great and quite refreshing! I follow accounts that I’m interested in, and I never have to worry about whether an&nbsp;algorithm won’t show me their posts. I still discover new accounts all the time, but through&nbsp; stuff the ones I’m following have shared. That’s a much more human experience than letting&nbsp;an algorithm decide to put stuff in front of my eyeballs because it will keep me engaged&nbsp;and increase user time on platform. It’s also a much more social experience. Yet to a lot of&nbsp;new users that are migrating to these platforms, the need to curate your own experience is very&nbsp;frustrating. Several of whom have told me this directly and even said they’d prefer not&nbsp;to have to put any work into social media. Now, I must admit that sentiment alone concerns&nbsp;me. I’m one of those weirdos who think the most rewarding things in life take effort, at least&nbsp;outside November, so I would not expect to just walk into a new place and have a good time without&nbsp;doing a little ol’ fashioned exploring. However, I can sympathize with it. For one, I have to&nbsp;recognize that I’m a popular YouTuber and I can just show up somewhere, say “hey guys” and&nbsp;expect a lot of people to start following me very quickly, and that helped re-establish&nbsp;connections I formed in other places. That’s a privilege I have and skews my perspective a&nbsp;lot, which is only fair that I acknowledge. My experience online is not normal. But observing&nbsp;Bluesky grow from an extremely niche platform to a still-niche-but-quickly-growing one has&nbsp;presented a very interesting case study which I feel compelled to share. Bluesky, for those who&nbsp;don’t know, allows for the creation of custom feeds. That’s one of its central features which&nbsp;is really cool! But baked-into it as a default when you create an account are two feeds with&nbsp;different purposes: Following and Discover. The Following feed is a reverse-chronological feed&nbsp; of the posts from accounts you follow. Exactly how Twitter used to work. But the Discover feed is&nbsp;algorithmic, like those “for you” pages everyone keeps going on about. On Bluesky it’s a pretty&nbsp;basic algorithm, but its job is to pick posts from accounts across the platform and essentially&nbsp;promote them so people can find new accounts to follow. It’s by no means a bad idea to have&nbsp;that feature! But as someone with a pretty large following on Bluesky now, I can tell the instant a&nbsp;post of mine ends up on the discover feed because the replies get real weird real fast. What was&nbsp;previously a post with a nice discussion going on underneath between myself and various people&nbsp;who know who I am and what I mean when I say words becomes littered with strange, out-of-context,&nbsp;often antagonistic replies as if the only possible response to seeing a post of any kind online is to&nbsp;loudly perform a challenge against it. Now, some of these are bots, a known problem on Bluesky. But through forming a habit where I check profiles before replying to see if they show signs of&nbsp;being a bot, it’s clear that a lot of them are not. They’re people who just start talking&nbsp;with absolutely no idea who they’re talking to and with no desire to figure out the context&nbsp;of the discussion before they write their reply. This may feel like I’m veering&nbsp;off track a bit or just complaining about people,&nbsp;which is fun, but this is less about calling out the behavior of individuals and more about&nbsp;recognizing the incentives which promote that&nbsp;behavior. Algorithmic feeds on social media are&nbsp;unfortunately quite good at fostering something known as context collapse. To understand this,&nbsp;imagine you’re dining in a restaurant and you’re close enough to a table of people to hear snippets&nbsp;of their conversation. You don’t know who any of the people at that table are, but if you manage to&nbsp;overhear them talk about something you’re really interested in you might feel tempted to join their&nbsp;conversation. But in the context of a restaurant setting, that’s considered very rude so it rarely&nbsp;ever happens. On social media, though, the same kinds of quasi-private conversations between&nbsp;parties who know each other are happening all&nbsp;the time, but since the platform is just one big&nbsp;space and it might decide to put that conversation in front of random people, that social boundary&nbsp;of etiquette which is normally respected is just not there. And lots of conflicts happen as a&nbsp;result. A really common one you might accidentally step into on social media happens when you&nbsp;stumble across a conversation among friends making sarcastic jokes with each other but since&nbsp;you don’t know who those people are you don’t have the context you need to recognize they’re&nbsp;joking. And so, if you reply with a serious critique, well that’s a social misfire which some will&nbsp;react poorly to. And that’s a pretty mild form of context collapse. It can be much, much worse&nbsp;when people want to discuss things like politics. And unless we realize recommendation algorithms&nbsp; are what’s fostering these reactionary conflicts, they’re going to continue so long as we&nbsp; use platforms in the ways that we do. It's for all these reasons that I believe algorithmic complacency is creating a&nbsp;crisis of both curiosity and human connection.&nbsp;&nbsp; I would even go so far as to say it’s&nbsp; fostering lots of other disturbing things,&nbsp;too. Ever notice how a lot of folks these days&nbsp;need to have a simple “good or bad,” “black or white,” “best or worst” understanding of a topic&nbsp;or issue? It seems to me like algorithms which promote content through a simple lens of&nbsp;positive or negative engagement would reinforce those binaries and contribute to polarization. And as people learn about new products through the slot machine of social media feeds, they can develop&nbsp;a learned helplessness where they will wait to be sold on a solution for their problems rather&nbsp;than be introspective and explore what their problems actually are and how they might be able&nbsp;to come up with their own solutions which don’t cost any money. Introspection will reveal a lot of&nbsp;the problems you think you have are being put in your head by influencers - you weren’t unhappy&nbsp;until they told you you should be. And, well, I can think of lots of other stuff which has&nbsp;disturbed me for quite a while but is now past the point I can ignore as a quirky consequence&nbsp;of connecting large numbers of humans together. Social media algorithms don’t nurture human&nbsp;connection - they exploit it. And we’re so used to this reality now that I’m not sure many of us care&nbsp;to get off this train. But I think we should. So now, let’s talk about YouTube! I’m sure a&nbsp;good number of you have thought “this is pretty rich comin’ from a guy who makes his living on&nbsp;a platform which does all these things.” Well, there’s a funny thing about YouTube. Its recommendation algorithm is entirely optional. You know that, right? You… you do&nbsp;know that, right? There’s this feature on this website that has been here pretty much&nbsp; since it became a thing and it’s called the subscriptions feed. It’s not hiding, it’s at the&nbsp;bottom of the mobile app and on the sidebar of the desktop site. In fact it's got its own URL and&nbsp;if you’re feeling old-school you can bookmark it! This is a completely manually-curated feed which&nbsp;has nothing in it but the videos (and shorts, for better and worse) from the creators you&nbsp;have chosen to subscribe to. That means it’s entirely in your control. This feed has&nbsp;been in plain sight the whole time and, here’s why I am using the term algorithmic&nbsp;complacency, nobody cares to use it. And that I can back up with hard data. YouTube&nbsp;gives us a shocking amount of information regarding audience metrics and in 2024, less than three percent of this channel’s views came from the subscriptions feed. Almost&nbsp;nobody is using this feature and yet it’s the most reliable way to keep track of the things&nbsp;you have explicitly decided you want to watch through hitting the subscribe button. The fact&nbsp;that it’s easy to get to, has existed in plain sight almost since this platform was born, yet&nbsp;almost nobody is using it anymore is… puzzling. I want to stress my use of the word puzzling. It’s not my intent to be judgmental here and I’m sorry if it has sounded like that. Different people use websites differently and the main “home” feed on YouTube,&nbsp;which functions like a “for-you” page, usually does a good job of surfacing new videos&nbsp;from creators you like. Subscribing to a channel is a signal to the recommendation algorithm&nbsp; to boost that channel’s videos in your home feed. And it’s not like that algorithm has&nbsp;no value - there are some creators I’m not even subscribed to yet I see most of their&nbsp;new videos since the algorithm has figured out I keep watching them so I must want to&nbsp;see the new ones, and it puts them in my home feed. Through that feed I’ve also stumbled&nbsp;across countless new channels and have been reminded of videos I watched years ago and will&nbsp;happily watch again. Plus of course, I have found so much cool stuff through the recommended&nbsp;videos that appear alongside whatever I happen&nbsp;to be watching. I’m glad YouTube does that. Wait, nuance? On the internet? That’s illegal! In the interest of time I’ve removed a big section&nbsp;on the flaws with the subs feed and how I think YouTube should address them (mainly - please&nbsp;let us remove shorts if we aren’t interested in them and please lets us organize the subs feed a&nbsp;little bit so creators who upload a lot don’t end up cluttering it. Maybe condense their daily&nbsp;activity into a single tile which we can then click on and expand. Just a thought). But the&nbsp;reason I wanted to talk about it is that it feels indicative of a growing disinclination&nbsp;to grab the reins of the internet and be the person steering your own experience. That’s really what bothers me. There has to be a balance between cool stuff you&nbsp; stumble upon and stuff that you’re actually interested in and matters to you. Algorithmic&nbsp;complacency, if not noticed and acted upon, means you’re allowing other people who are not you&nbsp; to decide what matters to you. I should not have to spell out why that’s dangerous so I won’t. But&nbsp;I will spell out that it’s very easy for people who wish to weaponize this reality to craft a&nbsp;narrative which is not overtly obvious and so might slip past your defenses. If you can reduce&nbsp;the presence of algorithmically-curated feeds in your life, you’ll be less susceptible&nbsp;to that. And if you build up your own network of people and resources you trust,&nbsp; you’ll know when you’re being bullshitted. And in case you haven’t noticed, people&nbsp;are trying to bullshit us all the time now! And algorithmic feeds make this worse. They&nbsp;don’t just exist on YouTube and social media, they exist in popular news aggregator apps and&nbsp;that’s meant a lot of really stupid articles keep floating around because all that matters to&nbsp;many institutions which make news these days is clicks and ad money. Look at this stupid thing&nbsp;which ended up in the Google News app. "The end of Walmart and Target in the US - A new retailer&nbsp;appears and is much cheaper." I know what an Aldi looks like. That’s a picture of the inside of an&nbsp;Aldi. And, uh, if you’ve somehow not heard of Aldi or stepped inside one that doesn’t mean Aldi is&nbsp;a new retailer which just appeared. This article is a waste of time for the vast majority of&nbsp;people who might be tricked into clicking on it. You may have noticed that the publisher&nbsp;of that article was El Diario 24 which, as far as I can tell, might actually be a fake&nbsp;news source. How did it get in Google News? That’s a great question for Google. But even mainstream&nbsp;publications have gone wildly off the rails as they chase metrics rather than the truth. The New&nbsp;York Times of 2025 is publishing opinion pieces where bloviating morons go through the fun little&nbsp;exercise of what the political ramifications of turning Canada into the 51st state would be for&nbsp;Democrats. Folks, since they can’t say this in plain language for some reason, I guess it’s up to&nbsp;me. Canada is a sovereign nation. It’s a foreign country which has the right to self-determination. The United States cannot simply turn Canada into a US state - Canadians have clearly indicated&nbsp;they do not want that, which means for us to force the issue would be to declare war with&nbsp;Canada and invade. No sane person should want that and it’s a shameful embarrassment that the&nbsp;New York Times would even entertain this as a possibility and legitimize the awful, inevitably&nbsp;bloody idea. How on Earth did we get here? I can tell you how I think we got here: big news publications have become just as dependent on algorithms to find their readers as&nbsp;their readers are to find the news. Which means they’re more concerned with being enticing&nbsp;than being honest. Which is a damn shame. OK, reel it in. [breathes] Reel it in. I’m about&nbsp;to wrap up this video but before I do, I want to explore one more related but different&nbsp;angle. I struggled with whether I wanted to call this phenomenon algorithmic complacency or&nbsp;automation complacency. The reason I struggled is that there isn’t a clear distinction between those&nbsp;two things. Algorithms are a kind of automation, so you could say everything I’ve been talking&nbsp;about is the result of automatically-curated feeds and the video wouldn’t change. But&nbsp;automation in itself is not necessarily bad. Lots of menial labor tasks have been&nbsp;replaced by automation and this has largely been a great thing. The actually-important&nbsp;word in this discussion is curated. It’s one thing to automate, say, an elevator. Or an inventory system. Or a telephone switchboard. But it’s a very different thing&nbsp;to automate what information people see. There are situations where that sort of automation is necessary. There’s an ever-increasing amount&nbsp; of information being stored online, so when you’re looking for something specific amongst that sea of&nbsp;information, keywords by themselves aren't enough. The demonstration we did at the beginning relied&nbsp;on Google’s search algorithm determining context from the keywords we gave it so it could sort&nbsp;everything it found by relevance to that inferred context. And it’s usually really good at that,&nbsp;as we saw. But it’s not always. I’m sure by now you’ve had the really frustrating experience&nbsp; of Google latching onto the wrong context and producing a lot of irrelevant results, and it&nbsp;can be extremely tedious to refocus the algorithm on the correct context. This happens a lot when&nbsp;search queries include a word with many homonyms. But we’re rapidly moving away from a paradigm in&nbsp; which search queries present a list of sources for us to look at, cite and verify, and are now being&nbsp;pressured into a new reality where large language models synthesize responses to queries which&nbsp;are statistically likely to produce a useful output but which do not provide us with sources&nbsp;of verifiable information - or at least obfuscate them to the point that many people are not going to&nbsp;check them. I don’t think enough of us have put much thought into what that means. It means we’re&nbsp;careening towards a future where people just trust computers to do their thinking for them. And the&nbsp;thing is, we already know that’s often a bad idea. Take, for example, how we navigate the&nbsp;actual physical world. If you drive a car, I am certain that by now you’ve used some kind&nbsp;of GPS-navigation app to figure out how to get places. I do, too, don’t think I’m about to&nbsp;say "oh we should go back to paper maps." Gross. But when you use a mapping app to navigate&nbsp;somewhere, how often are you prioritizing the fastest route? You probably have that set&nbsp;up as the default, don’t you? I do. But do you ever question whether that is actually the&nbsp; most logical way to get somewhere? It often isn’t because arrival time is only one of many,&nbsp; many variables which might be important to you. If I ask Google Maps to take me from my home to&nbsp;my office, it is going to suggest a route which first requires going the wrong way to then hop on&nbsp;a tollway on which I have to pay a roughly $1 toll and have to overshoot my destination to hop on&nbsp;a second expressway and backtrack. That suggested route requires an extra 4 miles of travel and&nbsp; an extra $1 each way all to save me exactly one minute over taking much more direct state routes&nbsp;and surface streets. If I mindlessly did what Google suggested, over a year I’d put an extra&nbsp;2,000 miles on my car and spend an extra $500 on tolls just to save not even one full work day of&nbsp;time. Google is suggesting a terrible route just because it’s one minute faster. The only reason I&nbsp;know it’s a terrible route is because I live here and I know what it’s suggesting is asinine, but&nbsp;when I don’t know where I’m going I trust it to make the best decision. But we don’t necessarily&nbsp;agree on what is best. That’s the problem. Side-note, the other bad thing about taking the&nbsp;tollway is that when I do, I don’t get to see my neighbors and what they’re up to. I actually really enjoy driving&nbsp;through town, seeing new businesses as they pop up, homes getting built and remodeled, admiring Christmas lights over the holidays, and just seeing people to remind me that&nbsp;other people exist and they live real lives and they are connected to me because they’re&nbsp;my neighbors. I’m not the most social person but even I don’t like the isolated feeling that&nbsp;a commute on a tollway where there’s nothing to look at but other cars and sound-isolation&nbsp;walls gives me. I feel way more connected to my community when I can actually, ya&nbsp;know, see it and the people who define it. That’s a preference of mine which I grant&nbsp;but it’s also a priority of mine. I am being mindful now to put human connections&nbsp;above technological connections. See, what I do here, is I make connections between&nbsp;technologies - that way you can learn how they fit together and how best to use them, and&nbsp;maybe you can use one concept in conjunction with another concept to make a third concept! That’s&nbsp;what I’m doing here! Trying to empower you to make your life better. Technologies which make&nbsp;human connection harder or even just more random are, uh, bad! That I do think is black-and-white true. Any&nbsp;piece of technology which gets in between humans who wish to help each other is frustrating at best&nbsp;and exploitative at worst. We ought to know by now the real reason those systems get put in place&nbsp; is so that we need fewer humans in helpful roles. And I think there is absolutely no question that&nbsp;this is going to get worse until we all start looking inward and begin questioning how we&nbsp;operate in this world and why. Silicon valley seems hellbent on creating machines which can do&nbsp;our thinking for us. Why should any of us want that? I certainly don’t want that - I don’t&nbsp;learn anything unless I do the mental work to create a complete framework of understanding&nbsp;in my mind. I don’t talk about things I don’t understand because that’s the fastest way you&nbsp;can make a fool of yourself. And it can be dangerous when you have a platform like I do. I&nbsp;will never trust a computer program to be able to understand anything in the way a human can, nor will I trust it to find information for me. If I have to vet everything it’s finding, then&nbsp;I end up doing the same work I would have done myself. And if I don’t vet what it’s finding, then&nbsp;what I’m really doing is saying I don’t want to be responsible for what I do. It frightens me that&nbsp;even though we’ve all seen the consequences of what a social media recommendation algorithm can&nbsp;do to shape our viewpoints that we are somehow falling for the temptation of machines which can&nbsp;offload our thought processes. The thing which makes us human. If that’s not the purest form of&nbsp;lazy anti-intellectualism, I don’t know what is. On that cheery note, let me make sure you know&nbsp; that I share the same frustration with the AI hype cycle as the AI researchers who are actually&nbsp;doing work to create tools to solve real problems, like early detection of cancers from images&nbsp;or blood screens. That is valuable research which will undoubtedly save lives. It’s beyond&nbsp;frustrating that the only kind of AI that is in the public consciousness at the moment is the&nbsp;one that does some very impressive tricks but any honest person will tell you needs intense&nbsp; supervision because it will hallucinate and produce bad outputs. It seems blindingly obvious&nbsp;to me that the stakes are way too high to hand over our decision making to a computer which&nbsp;cannot be held responsible for the decisions it makes. And that’s, disturbingly, what I think is&nbsp;the real reason for wanting to push this future. But you’ve put up with me long enough. Thank you&nbsp;for watching and I hope I don’t sound too far off my rocker. I made this channel not just&nbsp;to share cool stuff I find but to show all the amazing ways we solved our problems in the past. There are invaluable lessons there which we forget at our peril. I don’t talk much about computer&nbsp;technology because it doesn’t really interest me. And it’s becoming less and less interesting&nbsp;as time goes on. Outside of hardcore enthusiasts or people doing research on vast amounts of data, let’s be honest: computing is a solved problem. I can use my desktop computer from 2017 to make&nbsp; these videos for you and it would not get in my way at all, and the $600 nearly base-spec M2&nbsp;Mac Mini I bought to dingle around on can do it just as well. Video encoding is getting more&nbsp;efficient and we need less bandwidth and storage to send videos like this across the world and&nbsp;that’s despite internet connections getting faster and faster. So I think it’s pretty clear&nbsp; that that reality is why silicon valley is doing the stuff it’s doing these days. It has to&nbsp;justify itself as a center of innovation in a world where it’s running out of runway. And&nbsp;the best answer it’s got is “euhhh computers which pretend to think.” Forgive me, but I want&nbsp;to think for myself. And I think you should, too.

  Top Comments:
  1. @TechnologyConnections [5000 likes]: There are a couple of videos (and creators) I'd like to highlight which discuss what I touched on here through different angles.
@HGModernism on addiction to scrolling and the Skinner box mechanism:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bNOol5OTasw
@acollierastro on the AI hype cycle and how professionals understand there's nothing new here.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rFGcqWbwvyc
  2. @Cabumby: I loooove the subscription feed and I use it all the time! :D
  3. @Cabumby: "If you're over the age of 30, you remember what this was like"

As a 25 year old, I'm pretty sure I didn't start seeing automation in my web searches / websites until the mid 2010's. I feel like 2016 was the great tipping point based on how things felt at the time. Things kind of just exploded and everyone at school knew what a meme was all of the sudden.
  4. @samowings8175: @TechnologyConnections what do you think about youtube blocking recommendations for people that don't accept permissions for their history to be tracked on the site?
  5. @snaplash: 50 years ago, I would have looked at the back for the model number, then drove to a local electronics shop, looked up and purchased a Sam's document package which would contain schematics and parts list for this, and several other radios.
  6. @dianamolina8712: Google search doesn't work or look like that.
  7. @beezball38: while bsky is better that others, I think I am gonna use my AGENCY and just ignore all shortform content. It's addictive enough that you end up clicking that damn discover feed to find more things to get angry about. sick of the dopamine traps. I've been online quite a long time and I've never had this much of a headache (literal and figurative)
  8. @michaelfujii2765: This is more and more relevant to me.
  9. @proyectoslnp: It's amazing how one year with the IA bubble this is even more relevant than ever. I came to rewatch this video
  10. @kixuh6314: Whats really bad is how they made the search bar basically useless
  11. @necessaryevil8615: Alec, your warning came too late. AI made my brain melt, now I can't think anymore and that's why I have to keep using it.
  12. @stormfire451: The YT algorithm being option is even more true today. ive had view history turned of for a little over 7 years now and YT suddenly decided to turn off my home page dispite it working in the past perfectly for me based on liked videos and subscribes. Ive been unwillingly forced into a system where i have to curate my own feed.🙃
  13. @ajrojaras: This is all true and such a problem. Especially with kids who are still learning how to think.
  14. @juttaevans9631: silverstone 18 CH=132.877  order = 57D 018  manufacturer sears roebuck & company   Chicago (IL)  year 1950-1954     model 18 or model 20   this model utilizes an 8 -tube superheterodyne circut.  the standard tube lineup for this chassis is:  6BA6 (RF  Amplifier), 12AT7 (FM Mixer/ Oscillator), 6BE6 ( AM converter), 6BA6 ( 1st IF Amplifier), ^BA6 ( 2nd Amplifier),  6T8 (detector ?AVC / 1st Audio)  6V6GT (audio Output), 6X4 ( rectifier)
  15. @3133tFaN: Coming here after one of the OG's passed away on May 1st R.I.P. Jeeves 🥲
  16. @DaLab_Gaming: Of couse the ad that plays at the end of this video is an ad for ChatGPT
  17. @zachzane14: I miss the stumbleupon app
  18. @RoseETempest: Don't know if anyone does this, but I tend to click on "subscriptions" then the account profile that shows a new video. I want to see if there's something I missed in between the new one and the last one i remember watching. Then I watch whatever videos I want from that account's profile directly. This also means the algorithm will give me more of that account's videos for the next little while, and that is a bice feature if I'm in a "binging" mood.
  19. @mikehearman: Fantastic videos - Thank you.  You have a true grasp on reality. The good will out. Never forget that these local phenomena 😢are not important. Notwithstanding you are doing vital work. On behalf of the world; thanks  again.
  20. @CP-rc9sw: Thank you!

- Instagram’s CEO Leaks How The Algorithm Changed: Kind: captions Language: en If you have trouble reaching people with your Instagram and you just can't grow, you're not crazy, and it's not because your account is too small. No, because recently, Adam Mazury, the head of Instagram, went on a bunch of podcasts and accidentally confirmed how the algorithm really works and what has changed. And honestly, some of them did surprise me. So, I actually went on a data deep dive into the top performing reels and carousels across my clients, and I found four major shifts or changes that explain exactly why most accounts are stuck and what to do differently to grow fast. And the first one's where it already gets interesting, because right now, most people are optimizing for totally the wrong audience because they think they need to create content for their followers, because that's what everybody's talking about. But here's what actually happens when you do optimize for your followers, and this is what Mazury actually explained in one of these podcasts. When you post on Instagram, the algorithm now, first of all, tests your content with a small group of people first. Some of them are your followers, obviously, but some of them are total strangers. Now, if you optimize for your followers, and they really like it, but the strangers don't really like it, the post starts to fiddle out, fizzle out, fiddle out, and you're not going to get a lot of views because the algorithm thinks, well, this is only for people who already know this creator, whereas strangers don't really react to that. So, let me just cut non-follower reach. Now, if conversely, strangers start to react way more than your followers do by watching longer, sharing it, commenting on it, this thing suddenly starts to keep expanding, and he actually explained that there's different tiers, basically what we've been talking about for years, because I've been tracking this thing religiously like a crazy person. But basically, it compares and tests your content with other posts that were posted that day, and it's just going to keep running until they hit the ceiling and some other piece of content wins, basically. So, point being, if you really want to make it on Instagram, every post, reel or carousel that you make needs to be built for a stranger who has zero reason to care about you, right? Who does not know anything about you. So, forget your followers, kind of counterintuitive, but that's just the way the game works. So, your framing and everything that we talk about has to be instantly relevant for somebody who has no idea about you. And honestly, sometimes when people come to work with me, we take a look at that, that's usually the biggest problem anyway, and there's basically just some small fixes that you need to create in order to make this relevant for a stranger, and things start to happen. Literally, this last week, we had two people blow up in the cohort in the second week, because they made that one change. And by the way, I actually made a free tool for you that tells you if your hook, for example, is built for strangers or just your followers, and it tells you what you need to change. It's down below in the description, grab it while you still can. I'm going to take this offline pretty soon. But the second big point here is something that's going to make a lot of you feel a lot of relief, hopefully, because it's about consistency and how often you need to post for the algorithm to be like, yes, I'm okay with you. And if you've ever felt guilty about not posting three times this week or five times this week, and if you feel like you're falling behind or the algorithm starts to punish you because you take a few days off, well, that whole guilt seems to almost entirely manufacture, because he essentially said that posting three to five times a week is not some magic requirement for you to grow a lot. And actually looking at the data of my own clients across the board, this is 100 % true, because there is no single posting cadence that determines whether you blow up. Because remember, the algorithm just cares about finding and you putting the right content in front of strangers. That's all that matters. And one great post can actually outperform weeks of consistent average and low effort posts, basically, because if it really keeps getting strong signals from strangers, Instagram is actually going to keep pushing it. Sometimes even for months, I've actually got reels that still bring in views and lots of leads six, seven, eight months later, because they actually hit a core problem. My audience is always searching for like a major pain point. And that's why it just keeps being pushed out. So instead of going crazy and obsessing over posting exactly three times a week and getting paralyzed because, oh, it's just two times this week, I actually start to obsess over putting an effort into your content, right? Creating evergreen content, content that a total stranger would still save and share no matter when they saw it. Which leads me right into the third point, because yeah, once you actually understand that and stop stressing about how often you should post, the real question actually becomes, how can I make my reel get pushed out for months? How can I create this higher effort, evergreenish content? And Mozeri actually answered this specifically as well. And it kind of is a little bit of an algorithm change if we compare it to just two years ago when everyone was like, you need to optimize your content for getting saves. Everyone was going crazy about this, but he basically said that Instagram keeps expanding posts that keep producing strong signals, especially from strangers, right? You notice we have a whole common threat here. Strangers are more important than your followers, which also means your followers are not really that important anymore. Basically what we've been talking about for a year now, the most three important signals for this whole thing to keep getting pushed out. And I've seen this in my own data, especially tracking thousands of reels. First of all, watch time, right? How long people actually watch your stuff. Session time, how long people actually watch multiple reels or carousels on your profile. Then shares and DM threads coming from a reel and likes because nobody seems to like things anymore. So if somebody likes, this is actually a very, very good signal nowadays. So for example, here I actually have a reel that's around seven months old and it still gets around 500 to a thousand views a day and lots of leads, lots of comments. As you can see from my internal data right here, not because it's trendy or any of that crap, but because it actually hits a core pain point that drives all of these signals. And everybody who's serious about Instagram kind of has heard about hashtags at some point. So they see this and I say, hashtags are dead. And then I show them what's actually more important and I'll give them some extra resource. So this is just bound to stay relevant for a long time. So whenever you create content right now, always ask yourself, would a stranger first of all, be interested? And second of all, like this and keep watching and then also share this to someone. If not, you might want to go back and reiterate things. Now the next part might actually surprise you because I'm sure you've heard people say and talk about the best time to post this right before your audience is most active. And there's people out there that say, yeah, these are the best posting times to go viral. Yeah, it's not how it works because if you remember what we just said, if a reel is actually good, like really good, Instagram will push it for days, weeks, even months after you post it. Because it seems like nowadays the algorithm doesn't reward when you post because obviously it doesn't care about you. So it can't care about when you post because it actually rewards just the person scrolling, the consumer. And it thinks about, okay, this person is online right now. What is relevant content I could show to this person? So basically don't stress over when you post at all, right? If the content is good, it will find its way. And it kind of ties in with all the points, with all of the sort of changes that we talked about today. And I've actually also seen this in all my data. Sometimes when you post a reel does seemingly almost nothing for two to three days underperforming and only then it starts moving. And I'm sure you've had this before. If you post a lot, I've actually had some reels be seemingly dead for two to three weeks and then becomes on my top performance. Actually, the one that I just showed you was underperforming for three weeks. So post whenever you can, roughly whatever, if it makes you feel good, post at your time and then only start looking at your insights and evaluate your reel after seven to 14 days and not seven to 14 minutes, right? It's not going to do a thing. But here's the thing, because what if your content is good? Because I know you guys are all creating awesome content, but after two to three weeks, still nothing happens and it keeps underperforming. Well, there's also a reason for that. And there's a way out of that because Missouri also talked about this whole thing that most people actually missed. Because your content is not being judged against some fixed standard. You need to hit a certain amount of likes or comments within an hour and only then you graduate into the next tier. It's actually totally different because it's being weighted against everything else. Instagram is pushing out that exact same day. So if you have just chosen a bad day, right? Or a big crater drop, something crazy that everyone's going insane about, your reel is going to die. Honestly, it's just because of bad luck. And because of that, and not because the content is bad. So if you really, and to be honest with yourself, if you think your content is genuinely good and it didn't get traction, simply repost it without changing a thing after two to three weeks, right? We've actually had people get five to 10 times the amount of views from just doing that. So that being said, before you actually go and repost everything now, please don't do that. Don't just blindly repost anything because you really need to make sure the content itself is actually worth reposting. It's actually good. Because if the packaging is off, the hook and things like that, posting it again will actually make things worse. So take a look at this video next and I'll show you exactly how to create your content so that strangers actually stop, watch, and share it. Which apparently is the only thing that matters anyway nowadays.

  Top Comments:
  1. @heyDominik [2 likes]: ⚡ Mentorship + AI Tools + More: https://creatormentorship.com/?video=7a_mERQoLKY
🧪 Hook Analyzer AI (free): https://heydominik.com/hookbot?video=7a_mERQoLKY
  2. @jakubkross [2 likes]: 100%, I was posting steadily for months and not much happened. Took a break, came back, and two reels hit over 500k.
  3. @Lucasanswers: Stupid advice, never post for others, (For strangers) Be authentic. I grew 350,000 in one year
  4. @dwebb8910: Always good points and really gets you feeling like you get it.  My only question is that many videos about this topic show how to grow a following but the stats are also a bit fake when the person creating the accounts is creating content about creating content.  Hence we are looking for this advice so already has traction.  What about niche accounts it seems that this advice becomes more hit and miss, which leads to more trial an error.  Looking at what is deemed awesome content is most of the just junk, if we take a step back and look at what instagram is pushing and showing us really is this what we should all be adding to.  Pretty much this is all just a negative feedback loop.  Again you're not saying anything that is wrong just the whole concept is just feeding the same problem which will then be updated to keep us all just chasing something... not what we thought we were chasing.
  5. @jakubkross: I guess niching down is out the window?
  6. @MonikaAkter-y1r: ipweb really helps promote social networks efficiently, increasing followers, views, and engagement with quick and reliable results.
  7. @BigBusiness02: The best way profit off social media is to build community. Creating content that targets strangers is the exact opposite of that. Not only that but Instagram barely even shows your content to your followers anymore. Instagram's algorithm is terrible and Instagram is dead.
  8. @luntemo1: 5:31 what kind of tracking software is this?
  9. @LifeWorthBuilding: IG sent me a survey asking how I would feel about potential flagship services they want to bring to creators, but every single one of them has a paywall. For example, leaving stories up longer than 24 hours, $3/mo. Adding links to comments, $20/mo. The people are paying for Verified should be getting these for free instead of a useless chat support hired by over seas people who say they can't manually do anything because their "system" makes the final decisions for them.
  10. @umarsalisuibrahim8042: this makes me rethink my posting schedule 😮
  11. @Vinay_zzz: finally some clarity on this algorithm stuff
  12. @bhanupratapnaik1219: gotta try those evergreen reel tips
  13. @RajdipThakorThakor-m9c2l: so are we basically punished for posting stuff our own followers actually like? feels backwards. i’m trying Gainsty but i still don’t get the logic.
  14. @Rishikesh00-b5x7u: i never knew posting time was that important
  15. @Маргаритка-ъ8к: Оптимизируйте для незнакомцев. Вечнозеленый контент. Время публикации — миф. Судите выступление в течение 2-3 недель. Спасибо
  16. @subhadeepchowdhury7051: Need a much optimized algorithm in this situation .  IPweb
  17. @baligh0065: Clearly, the idea is profound; Instagram's algorithm truly needs a deeper understanding. 👍👍… IPweb
  18. @baligh0065: Clearly, the idea is profound; Instagram's algorithm truly needs a deeper understanding. 👍👍… IPweb
  19. @juxxcreative: He says "work with me".  After applying with a solid background in AI-driven marketing and a clear growth strategy for my brand, I was told it's 'not the right fit.' It seems like the program is more about selling a dream to beginners rather than providing actual value to seasoned professionals who are ready to invest.
  20. @ĐặngTâm-p5k: Great video! SEO takes time, and getting early traffic is important for any new website. I’ve tried a few platforms, and IPweb seems like a useful option for promoting small sites and testing campaigns. Also interesting for people looking into online earning opportunities.

- How Dream is beating the YouTube Algorithm (Genius Strategy): Kind: captions Language: en i added every month in on youtube file to your is what is making videos at this level format word for word you'd have trinita commodities fantastical recent advances in history interested days practice for guaranteed drivers to the metal best level of us is eligible rope and justin deroy great work with something like this and realist uncage eien to something kawin interested with to doing phlippines eduardo rodriguez avocado in this you will find out what is doing the different address welcome to dream is useful when a person to my list list is only miss international law against many thankyou for master little boss vtv something that enables impositions in vietnam monster little martha marcy has the best on each minecraft speeds and robustness and you're my colors studios street market is very hard the days of genes in the shortest stay in it i have tried the voice that often used within ocean's just the monster force achieved through fun paired with mason on youtube and government media and cold weather navitas i don't understand how things work with our type of you write some pairs to serve altitudes in australia and use even and three major components that you want to go on useless now and then orbit this guide is the team is legible regional countries people participating youtube gmat amazing video of your sweet moments you just another morning fair use a show him what are the upturn blazes burn it to the fantasy novel the board with english is your alarm or throat the weather start you make me zing video preview solution that which it is it is not enough led screen is the way that name is turned the following countries correct number one that led dragon ball dragon city or press to solve all my love for christmas is you to present tense past swage orchestras what you made content and chords and stories about english resort dragon social and here waiting for you the way to home credit this is the way to home credit this is the way to go contentment topics and use the courage to reduce the participants the way problem and radius dragon ball to make your way just last thing the basis for you this company you rapper stormy thorne almond video actress there always youtube montevideo the paper based on the bosses is property in your life real people or task and monthly minerva schools children study as the music video from city for minecraft [ __ ] i miss you want to video and friends or personal quaresma synthase in the purple heart mind your thought it would also present or merge challenge with a little prayer meaning as much more tools fremantle series dedicated for imported madrid android resource in search alarm system or friends come across time it used to call the nation's not reaching of use is purely pure more people cannot tell jim has realized the winter boots were home one that music no one cares bass test xiaomi content on your way to care ii a this is nothing new year's special ep news begins for evidence to word with different from the star resort mattana store your grave ortiz primo to log in to your existing skype youtube is all departments and working on the cascades priestly wave of use the newspaper and practice with new york that'll never feel it hurts printing police have for us if any more speed youtube when you're on the partnership agreement is to bring dragon pearl cream instructions for the contact to reduce costs incurred in my heart i live in the smallest on what now rihanna game play callus treatment in english grammar present our teeth and mark strassmann series i phone i show you what is the easiest landslip remember the time of one piece of land use the governments to be seen many more interesting things every time it rains new used stuff and went ahead for the pearl whitening non video today with more the wait you write wrote was introduced to recommend this was the last time i saw the last wish i never knew just have to make your last live videos at number one tavla favorite ad content regina kcno staple which is the most difficult prince tracker pro app in printer with comfortable for what is the batman who were just install sample and catalysis android day trip thanks shinawatra launch the things in general afraid it's u22 calcium non the valleys of simple super girl with same or resource for wonderful dramatical municipal israel evil series edition of ulrich long videos reward in great plains people dragon city home while series are used for personal radio lactum intrusiveness ever seen in the game in its own special one thing ever wanted sofa uninteresting diffusible lighting componentrestrictions is integrated and the first you can trust me to help us that you can use the best expand your problem in the world live streaming applicable world.net racial equality of the heart is currently not as easy to want to hold your water in the factory muticum estrogene ken shin e yeah what to do non risacal drawing the dancing dream applied for children their home meeting the wealth and logical long unrestricted oscars tobias oetiker heart with new mexico est morte integrated video and soul to take all together anymore because although it is to use the musical affair with willing to work for my way american comments i have a dream is simple nevermore heart wreath welcome new spring the basis is read every format installtion vinamilk irina shayk wow wow oh for huawei phone whitening essence r stands on the series is stolen tv and ensures your way to forget you from the zone the choice is more in their national forest have special video tshuaj tam vina company crazy till it gradation intention it supports the music of hundreds more formal to the world michigan basis is eating everest mornig performing the good the regime and experiences and system of winter story for today she is the most difficult little have wings on the five tree chocolate durden informant improved speed adjuster firmansyah get what you made a primer of green papaya lineker is nearly ten years is the way the fairest reason to gain points for sony gofl compete against friends and related to the video which turns off the contact with open fun to jpeg and unparalleled point u17 no one plays like there was an experiment omegle sponsored stories and for that talk with more monsters is suspended for their effectiveness of the point in comment improve it is meant that i know that it is now in jest stood there in first love video adjustable video event e-series inujasha yes goden west orange neo transformer all-in-one cream something is important for the best snapdragon and well keep our development specialist and your music or treatment with tesla pink heart was already in addition these memories inkerman online privacy is the way no apologies for lease deals on the perfect for this way to myself and i swear defend your purpose today's which very smart particular of the most important it is the changes the wet method in different countries with real i waiting for watching the magistrate to you can turn this good time and treatment of citrus anata no people superspeed like you make me sick the voice the word in city center for the sleepless woman please make clothes are rising nordvpn.com stress hari won cho for today for party software dual-core nutrasweet today fashion and lovers position you want and people which must travel is comin to restore the idea is really really nice colors are still wanna spend a

  Top Comments:
  1. @paddygalloway8780 [1600 likes]: Can we hit 40,000 likes?!
  2. @nottdavid [2 likes]: Bro could make Attack On Titan
  3. @SoraSkyAtic [1 likes]: this aged like milk...
  4. @Sus_Bak [1 likes]: He beat the Allegations too Guys 😂
  5. @CreativeThinking52 [1 likes]: Very helpful.  Thanks for sharing.  Have a great day. 👍
  6. @AnizExplain [1 likes]: I am gonna apply these things and grow the  YouTube Channel  bigger than Dream
  7. @chanteee129 [1 likes]: When I'm doing a comprehensive research about dream cause I wanted to understand the hate, but now I'm becoming more of a fan, WTF?, That guy is somehow didn't just blow up in a shot time, it collectively planned
  8. @TheWartFiles: At this point everyone is a genius lol
  9. @FatherJustinWaltz: You are a genius brother. Keep up the analysis!!! I can’t get enough of it
  10. @MindTranquility-v1y: Hey Paddy. Thanks for inspiration. 
Can I make small cuts of your video on my channel and analyze them, thank you?
  11. @Exdi-w3q: Title correction: Groomer beats algorithm
  12. @GROW-TUBES: Very informative video
  13. @idiot27w: sir you had used your humor having dream holding a gun in his hand it was really gunny
  14. @TANZANIA-D: 🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮
  15. @TANZANIA-D: 😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀
  16. @TANZANIA-D: Colleague, absolutely everything you say here, it's just bullshit. Everything you have done to build your channel is 100 km away from the stupidity you offer here.
  17. @TANZANIA-D: Colleague, absolutely everything you say here, it's just bullshit. Everything you have done to build your channel is 100 km away from the stupidity you offer here.
  18. @_._.-: /H





3:00 - “twas addin 2 convo not just spamming 4 views.”

3:56 - “no one cares about u at start so make content on things they do care” 

Trend jackin is a steppin stone

4:20 - ppl fail to capitalize.

4:36 - factor 2 : algorithm beater || 4:50 || 5:07 : algorithm beater explaining || 5:50 || hard to get high retention on long vids & long watchtime on short || 6:16 “long vids, long watch time, & great retention” || 

6:50 tension || 7:20 music ||
————————————
7:56 “watch 2 end incentive” || 8:30 factor 3 : double down & imrpoving || “the same thing again and improving it each time” || “even if idea is old intrest is still there.” || 

9:30 : the video ends
  19. @razabadass: Thank you for the video on Dream there! Raza :)
  20. @1jtwister: Can't wait for YT to deboost "O MY GOD" trash...nothing in a video game merits that overreaction

- How Mark Rober is beating the YouTube Algorithm (Genius Strategy): Kind: captions Language: en mark rober has quickly become one of my favorite youtubers his content is both entertaining and educational so when i procrastinate and watch his videos i can at least say to myself that i'm learning something new three two one [Laughter] however what i find most fascinating about him is his growth here on youtube he averages a ridiculous 27 million views per video and even when he's not uploading he still has a consistent stream of viewers coming in i mean in the last 30 days he hasn't uploaded a single video but he has brought in 36 million views that's in the region of a hundred thousand dollars in ad revenue how come one guy who uploads just 12 videos a year be growing so fast and dominating our recommended feeds maybe mark robert knows something that we don't about youtube in this video we're going to break down how he is beating the algorithm to reach new people every day if you're a smaller creator who wants to grow your own channel get out your notebook and get ready for a mark rover youtube masterclass on this channel i like to analyze the biggest and fastest growing youtubers and get to the bottom of how they have built their audiences now if you were to ask mark himself about the secret to his success he would probably give you a very humble answer like this your videos get 27 million views on average is this true this is true it's actually the most on all of youtube what is the secret i do like wholesome stuff i like doing things that are big and crazy you know world's largest nerf gun world's largest super soaker but let's be real for a minute top youtubers understand how the algorithm works they know what sort of content to make and what tactics to use to bring in millions of views do you think a guy who helped for the robot on mars just makes wholesome content and hopes for the best we know you're smarter than that mark through my research i've broken down the three steps mark rober uses with every video to give it the best chance of going viral and i don't even want to hype this up too much but some of the things that he is doing will make you realize just how much thought goes into every upload the best part is these are steps that anyone can learn from to make better videos and get more views let's get straight into things so now what i'm using the phrase beating the algorithm but really when it comes to what mark rober is doing it's about giving the algorithm exactly what it wants youtube uses their algorithm to help surface videos that people will click on and watch because at the end of the day they want people to stay on their site using this graph we can understand how content goes viral let's take this video here as an example when it was first uploaded it was shown to a certain number of people let's call this group of people the early audience these are viewers who have recently watched mark's videos before and a high percentage will be subscribers if the video performs well in the data here it'll be shown to more of this group the viral moment comes when youtube starts to show this video to a wider audience and it still performs really well this tells youtube that the video appeals to a lot of people not only fans of matt rober so they start to recommend it to more and more people who they feel will enjoy the content this is often called the algorithm picking up a video it keeps being recommended until it eventually begins to plateau and decline now obviously a youtuber like mark robert has the head start of having a big subscriber base but it's pretty much the same idea no matter how small the channel is the important question is how do youtube decide if a video is performing well what data do they actually look at and if you've watched this channel before you already know what i'm going to say are the three most important metrics click-through rate watch time and audience retention when it comes to viral videos this is the holy trinity and you can bet your ass that mark robert is dominating these metrics it varies a lot but if you can get over 4 minutes of watch time with a 50 or above audience retention and a 10 to 20 ctr you have a really good chance of going viral the last time i hit those figures myself this happened so what is mark doing to make sure that every video he makes smashes each of these metrics now obviously making videos on fascinating ideas and having a big budget helps but lots of people try and copy this and never see a fraction of the results let's first look at step one how he structures his videos using retention tactics has anyone ever noticed that when you click on a mark rover video 10 minutes goes by in the blink of an eye you might just think it's because he makes awesome videos which is true but he also uses techniques which makes it so hard for you to click off there's actually a science to making someone feel fully immersed in your video let's investigate the tactics mark is using to keep you watching at the start of all mark's videos he gives you a hook context and setup i like to look at this as the what why and how section of a video mark explains very quickly what the video is about gives context to why he is doing it and then tells you how it's going to go down this means that the viewer has a clear understanding of what they're going to experience with the video let's look at this in action this is a bird feeder and everything to my left is my attempt at making it squirrel proof if they want the birdseed they will first need to pass through what is basically an eight-part ninja warrior obstacle course for squirrels this course is extremely challenging it is not for the timid of heart but out of the gate i will admit that in hindsight that i completely underestimated my adversary now if you're wondering why i would go through all this trouble when did you go back eight weeks ago when i found myself stuck at home and very bored next is the fact that mark's videos have great pacing i genuinely think this is what separates good youtubers from great youtubers you need to realize the attention span of a youtube viewer is pretty low no offense so macro relieves no dull moments in his videos for example he could have spent ages showing everyone how he built the obstacle course but he instead made a really quick build montage many youtubers would have just kept this part in but do people really need to see it we are here to see the squirrel version of total wipeout not a carpentry lesson and finally mark makes us wait for the result you need to carry people along for a reward at the end of the video which in mark's case is seeing whether the squirrels beat his course or not the magic is in pacing the video correctly so the climax builds as you near the end keeping people watching from the first second until the conclusion smart rick was the first one to enter the course so in the end after about a week of effort it was fitting he was the one to make it to the jackpot first and he's so stoked he apparently wants to run the whole course in reverse in hindsight we probably should have made the jackpot a little quieter so when mark combines these retention tactics with a good video idea and storytelling the viewer has no choice but to stick around and watch the video the result is retention graphs that look like this and let me tell you youtube loves nothing more than a straight retention curve alright so that's how mark makes people stay on his videos to give him great watch time and retention but he of course needs people to actually click on them in the first place which brings us on to step number two mark uses killer metadata metadata on youtube is essentially everything you use to describe your the main four types are titles thumbnails tags and descriptions now a few years ago your description and tags were very important but in 2020 they're pretty irrelevant i still like to fill them up with keywords and search terms but using my youtube tool tubebuddy i can see that neither mark rober or mrbeast used any tags in the last upload and they both keep their descriptions pretty short i think this is a good sign not to pay too much attention to them anymore with one exception try use your first line in your video description as a teaser to your video because this is displayed in search so as for mark's titles there are a few things worth noting first of all they are often under 50 characters this means that when viewed on mobile in your recommended feed none of it is cut off this also leads to his titles being super pragmatic they're kind of hilariously casual yep just testing if sharks can smell a drop of blood nothing much being straight to the point gets rewarded on youtube if you confuse someone with your title they're not going to click but it's mark's thumbnails that really make him stand out now from looking at them you might think they look a little amateurish but this is the point i talked about this in my first mr beast video people love youtube for the homemade feel of it it's why we watch our favorite creators instead of tv polished thumbnails with great graphic design might look more aesthetic but that doesn't always mean it's better whenever mark does use text it's kept to four or less words and the most important part of the thumbnail is always the demonstration of what is actually happening sometimes it's completely staged such as this shark one but he finds the balance between clickbait and then actually delivering on his promise thumbnails can make or break a youtube video for example i first used this thumbnail with my david dobrik video and it got 10k views in a week i then changed it to this one and it blew up to 200k views there's very little difference between them but people just found this option much more interesting one little change made me an extra six hundred dollars and brought him 1 900 subscribers while mark's thomas might look simple i guarantee you he spends ages trying to get them just right i recommend making multiple thumbnails and comparing them if you are really trying to invest in your youtube channel you can use a tool like tubebuddy which has a feature called a b testing you basically can load two different thumbnails into their software and they will rotate them automatically on your video and measure the ctr for each one you can easily see which is best and go with that one you can install the software using my link below so this is how mark robert dominates the most important youtube metrics it all seems pretty simple right but the beauty is in executing it to perfection don't go anywhere just yet though because there is one more step he is taking that i think is so important to keep in mind he gives his videos breathing room mark uploads just once per month or even less at the moment although i have heard he's got a pretty cool video with dude perfect coming soon so watch out for that you see youtube is no longer a place that rewards sheer quantity right now to stand out you need to provide ten times the quality you did five years ago if mark uploaded weekly videos i'm sure they would be good but if he takes all that effort and puts it into one video a month it's going to be an insane video from an algorithm perspective creating banger video after banger video means each upload continues to ride the wave of success of the previous video keeping his momentum alive now uploading less might seem like pretty terrible advice and of course it varies channel to channel but the truth is right now you might have a quality problem and not a quantity problem i really enjoyed making this video on mark and i hope you learned as much from him as i did myself please smash the subscribe and turn the notifications on 99 of you aren't subscribed which is definitely a record also give me a follow on instagram i post a lot of youtube related content over there including how much i'm making on youtube and what my analytics look like for now though i'll see you in the next one

  Top Comments:
  1. @paddygalloway8780 [1100 likes]: I've got a huge goal of hitting 200k subscribers this year......which is probably not gonna happen BUT  If you enjoyed this video, SMASH that subscribe button :)
  2. @mousesmike886 [9 likes]: INVESTING WITH MR JACKSON WILLIAMS TRADE SERVICE IS THE BEST WAY. I INVESTED WITH HIM AND I MADE HUGE PROFIT FROM HIS TRADING STRAIGHT
  3. @Jeffery_Saulter [2 likes]: Mark rober is so creepy.
  4. @MrZagar1: I watched this videos multiple times in my journey and still find it usefull. He was advicing to make multiple thumbnails since 2020 till now 2025 lol!
  5. @ReadingStoriesGG: :face-red-heart-shape:
  6. @kabayan2011: Good information
  7. @Dudeface167: A record? I have 1 subscriber 
It would be really cool if that changed btw
  8. @Ninjagiraffe: Hey why are you using his music
  9. @jackmiddleton2080: Can you give an example of an aesthetic thumbnail? To me it just seems like a clear thumbnail is not that aesthetic.
  10. @MishaElRusito: For me out of all the videos you've made, this one is the most helpful as it can be used of any type of channel. The "what, how and why" literally changed my game.
  11. @friendlyplayer7: This was so good!
  12. @razabadass: Thank you Paddy for the video on Mark here! Teamtrees helped me feel inspired me full on badass style! Raza :)
  13. @GettingNegative: I think the tags & description are still important for growing small channels. Helps YT have some information to find your audience. Those huge channels, they know who their audience is so it’s less important.
  14. @zachh6868: After your outro I got an ad for Epidemic sound that played the same music as your outro as an example
  15. @AlphaTonesStory: I tell stories on my channel, one episode a well, each episode is connected to the previous. My retention is crazy
  16. @AMPHETAZZUEXPERIMENTS: https://youtu.be/sUw7MUQLBr8
  17. @iNeverB9: I'm gonna watch all his vids
  18. @gospeldiscovery9853: ALL WHAT YOU ARE WATCHING IS VANITY
  19. @OldGamesPortal: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vf4pAQReIis
  20. @mr_penguins380: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oxQJk9-3Wtg

- Paddy Galloway: The Guy Who CRACKED The YouTube Algorithm.: Kind: captions Language: en Top youtubers like MrBeast, Jesser, Ryan Trahan and others, all share one secret you probably don’t know about! They all rely on advice from this 26 year old Irish guy named Paddy Galloway. This guy literally cracked the YouTube algorithm and made it work for him and his clients. Let’s look at these thumbnails found in several YouTube channels. Notice how they all look kind of similar? Yup you guessed right - all of these Youtubers hired Paddy as their consultant. Pretty much all of these videos managed to go viral. Paddy runs a successful channel himself, racking up half a million subscribers with some videos reaching millions of views. His most popular video is an excellent analysis of MrBeast’s channel, which outlines the main reasons on what made him so successful. Funny enough, this very video got the attention of MrBeast himself, which led to the consulting job down the road. But the YouTube channel is not Paddy’s main source of income. Surprisingly, YouTube Ads only accounts for 10% of his total revenue. So where’s the money at for Mr. Galloway? Simply put: Brand deals and consulting. In a recent interview, Paddy reveals that as much as 50% of his revenue comes from consulting for top YouTubers. Such as MrBeast, who booked him for 5 months straight. If you’re thinking of hiring Paddy and becoming the next MrBeast, brace yourself for disappointment. Many top youtubers are dying to work with him. As of now, his waiting list is at least over 5000 people long. Considering he charges 1000 dollars per hour, this guy must be doing something right. Wondering how much he makes per year? Paddy was kind enough to reveal this… (visual). There you have it… close to 1 million dollars per year from a consulting business. Not bad at all. But this is just a start! Paddy runs the YouTube accelerator program, where he helps creators to grow their channels. Last year, he co-founded a YouTube jobs platform that helps creators land jobs such as writing scripts or making videos. We’ll definitely see more from him in the future. If you’re serious about making it big on YouTube, Paddy is definitely someone you need to follow. There are only 33 videos in his channel, but each video is very well-researched and super-informative. Wondering how Logan Paul built his business empire? Or how Peter McKinnon gained 1 million subscribers in under 1 year? Or why David Dobrik was a genius? You’ll find answers to all this and more in Paddy’s videos.. And while I have your attention, subscribe to our channel so we can make more great videos for you. Thanks for watching!

  Top Comments:
  1. @IknowYou-mm3gm [1 likes]: First

- Meet MrBeast's Secret YouTube Consultant (Paddy Galloway Interview): Kind: captions Language: de Deine Warteliste, um dich als Berater zu buchen, ist etwa zweitausendfünfhundert Leute lang, oder? Multiplizier das mit zwei oder drei. Oh mein Gott! Das ist Paddy Galloway, den Top-YouTuber engagieren wollen. Er arbeitete mit Mr. Beast, Airrack, Ryan Trahan und anderen. Er kennt YouTubes Algorithmus bestens. Hier teilt Paddy Tipps, die selbst Mr. Beast halfen, bessere Videos zu machen. Das Gespräch ging von "Ja, wir werden dich irgendwann engagieren" zu "Wir wollen dich jetzt". Paddy enthüllt die größten Fehler, die die meisten YouTuber unbewusst machen. Ich bin Jon Youshaei, willkommen zu einer neuen Folge Created. Du bist echt gut darin. Paddy. Danke fürs Kommen aus Irland. Toll, dich hier zu haben. Kein Problem. Freut mich. Rein aus Neugier, wie hoch ist dein Stundensatz? Falls du das teilen möchtest? Generell liegt er so zwischen fünfhundert und vielleicht eintausend Dollar pro Stunde. Wer waren bisher einige deiner Kunden? Ich meine, der bekannteste ist definitiv Mr. Beast. Ich habe letztes Jahr etwa fünf Monate mit ihm gearbeitet. Auch die größten Kanäle verschiedener Nischen. Im Business Noah Kagan. Auch mit Jesser, Ryan Trahan, Airrack. Sie buchten über die Jahre bei mir. Es ist der beste Job für jemanden wie mich. Du sagtest, Mr. Beast meldete sich. Wie war der Erstkontakt? Im Grunde habe ich 2019 ein Video über Jimmy gemacht. Und dieses Video ging einfach mega viral. Und im Wesentlichen hat er mich seit diesem Moment auf all meinen sozialen Medien verfolgt. Also hat er sich bei mir gemeldet. Aber es war sehr offen gehalten, so wie, ja, wir melden uns wieder. Wir werden irgendwie etwas zusammenstellen. Ja. Und dann später in der Nacht, am selben Abend, als er die DM geschickt hat, hat er mir einfach dieses Video geschickt, zu dem er ein Feedback wollte, nur ein paar Notizen. Er meinte, gib mir deine Perspektive dazu. Es war so um 3, 4 Uhr morgens irischer Zeit. Weißt du, ich war so müde. Aber als ich diese Nachricht bekam und er sagte, überprüfe es, dachte ich, ich könnte es am nächsten Morgen machen oder ich könnte es jetzt machen und ihm wirklich gut helfen. Während du überlegst? Er hat mich einfach mit einer anderen Person aus seinem Team angerufen und meinte im Grunde, das Gespräch ging von "Ja, Und so ist es passiert. Und es war großartig. Unglaublich. Andere Prinzipien, die du mit ihm oder anderen geteilt hast, von denen Anfänger profitieren könnten? Ich denke, zuerst muss man verstehen, wer das Publikum ist. Wer unser Zuschauer ist und welche Videos sie mögen. Denn viele versuchen vielleicht zu vermitteln, was sie mögen, was wichtig ist. Ich will nicht, dass Kreative das Gefühl haben, sie können nicht über ihre Interessen sprechen. Dann einfach die Videos anschauen, die wir schon gemacht haben, und Ausreißer finden. Das ist wirklich einfach. Es ist einfach die Frage: Was sind die fünf oder sechs besten Videos auf meinem Kanal? Könnte ich sie irgendwie wieder machen? Sie anpassen? Eine Serie daraus machen? Mit Jesser, der zu drei NBA-Spielen in vierundzwanzig Stunden geht. Dasselbe Video machten wir viermal. Wahrscheinlich werden es fünf, sechs Mal. Jedes Mal fügen wir einen kleinen Twist hinzu. Playoff-Spiele statt regulärer. Sieben Spiele in vier Tagen statt drei. Das kann unendlich weitergehen. Dann würde ich sagen, schau unsere Konkurrenten an. Schau die breitere YouTube-Szene an, ob es Ideen gibt, die funktionieren könnten, die wir an unsere Nische anpassen und mit eigenem Dreh versehen. Und dann lasse ich auch immer etwas Raum für diese Art von Blue Ocean, wie Innovation, wie einfach zufällige Ideen, die wir anwenden können. Und ich denke, die besten Kreatoren sind wirklich gut darin. Einfach fast wie dieser originelle Gedanke und von dort aus weitergehen. Ein Beispiel für Blue Ocean? Ich denke, ich hasse es, arrogant zu sein. Aber ich denke, die Videos auf meinem Kanal waren ziemlich originell. Okay, erzähl uns davon. Also, ich saß da und schaute mir YouTube-Ratschläge an, und dann sah ich andere Nischen mit Video-Essays über Ingenieurwesen oder Wissenschaft. Und ich dachte, was wäre, wenn wir das irgendwie kombinieren könnten? Und das war der Funke. Also, ja, das ist sehr bescheiden von mir zu sagen, aber a. Nein, ich meine, ich denke, wie dieses Peter McKinnon-Video, als ich Peter interviewte, war eine meiner größten Ressourcen, die ich mir ansah. Absolut. Wow. Oh, wirklich? Wie viele Stunden hast du ins Peter McKinnon-Video gesteckt? Fünfzig, sechzig Stunden. 50, 60. Und wie lang war das Video? Es war so. 10 Minuten. Ja, genau. Als Perfektionist brauche ich manchmal dreißig Stunden oder sogar eine ganze Woche nur für die Einleitung. Einfach umschreiben. Bei einem Video kürzlich schrieb ich die Einleitung zwölf Mal. Ich nahm alle auf und spielte sie ab, um zu sehen, welche Einleitung mich am meisten fesselt. Wirklich? Was genau stört dich meistens am allerersten Entwurf? Meistens ist es die Formulierung. Weil ich weiß, ich bin keine Persönlichkeit, müssen meine Worte die Geschichte tragen und Interesse wecken. Ich denke über meinen Content so: Jemand klickt auf dieses Thumbnail. Und Leute sind generell einfach arrogant, weißt du? Ich denke, die Leute denken: Ich weiß das, klar. Ich weiß, wie Mr. Beast gewachsen ist. Nur Geld und Geschenke, Der Durchschnittsmensch denkt das. Also, okay, wenn sie klicken, will ich genau die erreichen. Die, die sagen: „Ja, weiß ich alles“, sollen plötzlich denken: „Oh, warte, das klingt interessant.“ Also zu sagen, weißt du, wenn ich eine Sprache nutze wie: Was hat er im Mai zweitausenddreizehn entdeckt? Dann fragt man sich sofort: Was hat er entdeckt? Anstatt zu sagen: Mr. Beast ist ein Genie, er ist so schlau, hier sind Dinge, die er tat. Über diese faszinierende Sprache nachzudenken, ist meine größte Priorität. Darauf verwende ich all die Zeit. Was ist dein bestes Intro bisher? Oder die beste Hook-Line? Ich denke, es könnte wirklich mein erstes Mr. Beast-Video sein. Kennst du die Zeile noch? Es ging im Grunde so. Es zeigte ein albernes Video von Jimmy. Es sagte: Wenn ich dir sagen würde, dieser Typ ist ein YouTube-Genie, würdest du mir wohl ins Gesicht lachen. Das war die erste Zeile. Und das ist genial, denn damals wurde Jimmy nicht als dieses super obsessive Genie angesehen, wie heute. Ich wusste, die Leute würden auf das Video klicken und sagen: Schau dir den Typen an, der Geld wegwirft. Er ist verrückt. Darauf spielte ich an, damit sie fühlen: Oh, da steckt mehr dahinter. Das ist wohl mein bestes. Oder ein anderes: Graham Stephan ist einer der klügsten YouTuber, aber nicht aus dem Grund, den du denkst. Und man denkt: Oh, warum? Muss ich wissen. Das ist erstaunlich. Wenn du mit Kunden arbeitest, welche Fehler machen sie bei ihren Intros du sprachst ja über deinen Prozess? Oder schreibst du auch Intros für andere Leute? Ja, das mache ich oft. Du schreibst Intros für andere. Wie überlegst du, was ein gutes Intro für sie ist? Oder wenn sie dir Entwürfe zeigen, was sind die häufigsten Korrekturen? Also selbst bei Noah Kagan, einem Kunden von mir, schreibe ich einige Intros. Er hatte dieses Video, wie er sein aktuelles Unternehmen gründete. Das ist dieses, weißt du, neunstellige Unternehmen. appsumo.com Appsumo. das Video handelt davon, wie er es an einem Wochenende startete. Ich denke, der ursprüngliche Entwurf, an dem wir arbeiteten, war mehr so: Was wäre, wenn ich dir sage, du könntest an einem Wochenende ein Unternehmen gründen, das erfolgreich wird? Das war meine Geschichte. Wir gingen zurück, bla bla bla, und es gab viel unnötigen Kontext. Und ich war so, weißt du. Ich habe ein 200-Millionen-Dollar-Unternehmen an einem Wochenende gegründet. Weißt du, einfach diesen Schlag direkt zu geben und nicht in diese Art von Zurückhaltung zu verfallen und, weißt du. Und ich denke, einiges davon kommt daher, dass die Leute nicht nervig oder zu prahlerisch wirken wollen. Aber bei YouTube hast du nicht die Freiheit, du musst wie, bang! sein, um sie mit etwas Interessantem zu treffen. Ein Trend scheinen Zahlen zu sein. Wie: Ich machte ein Multimillionen-Dollar-Unternehmen. Nein. Sag genau, wie viele Millionen es wert war, wie viele Tage tauch ein in den Tag, der alles änderte. Das beste Beispiel: Wenn du ein Video machst über passives Einkommen, wie man dreihundert Dollar am Tag verdient. Und dann änderst du den Titel zu: Wie man zweihundertfünfundneunzig am Tag verdient. Es ist etwas daran, das sich realer anfühlt. Wie wenn du sagst: Jobs, die hunderttausend im Jahr bringen. Was ist, wenn du sagst: Jobs, die hundertfünfundzwanzigtausend im Jahr bringen. Es ist einfach anders. Und es bringt Leute zum Innehalten: Oh, hier ist definitiv etwas Interessantes. wenn jemand sagt: So wurde ich eine Million Dollar wert. Das ist beeindruckend, ziemlich cool. Aber wenn jemand sagt, wie. Ganz schnell. In diesem Interview deckt Paddy viele Fehler auf, die Creator in YouTube-Videos machen. Aber weißt du, was einer der größten Fehler ist? Keine Mainstream-Musik zu verwenden. Bevor du sagst: Jon, aber wenn ich Mainstream-Musik in YouTube-Videos nutze, werde ich dann nicht demonetarisiert? Da muss ich dir vom Sponsor des Videos erzählen: Lickd. Lickd ist eine Plattform, die dir erlaubt, Mainstream-Musik in Videos zu verwenden, ohne Copyright-Sorgen. Sie haben über eine Million Tracks, von Künstlern wie Justin Bieber bis Oliver Tree, denn Musik von bekannten Leuten lässt deinen Content vertrauter wirken, was das Publikum bindet. Lickd ist dein Ticket zu besserem Content und Performance. Um zu zeigen, wie gut Lickd ist: Neue Nutzer kriegen vierzehn Tage kostenlose Stock-Musik und fünfzig Prozent Rabatt auf den ersten Mainstream-Track. Wenn du noch nicht angemeldet bist, nutz meinen Link in der Beschreibung für den Rabatt, solange das Angebot gilt, und bring deinen Content aufs nächste Level. Zurück zum Video. So verdiene ich vierhunderttausend Dollar im Jahr. Oder fünfundvierzigtausend im Monat. Du denkst sofort: Das ist real. Nicht nur jemand, der sagt: Ich bin Millionär. Er schlüsselt genau auf, was dahinter steckt. Richtig. Ja, gibt es eine Berechnung, die dahinter steckt? Nimm mich durch deine Thumbnails. Du bist sehr effizient damit. Markenerkennung ist wichtig, damit jemand sofort erkennt: Oh, das ist ein Paddy Galloway Thumbnail. Also fand ich ein Konzept, das funktioniert: das Diagramm. Dann sagte ich mir, okay, das funktioniert. Ich habe immer noch etwas, das sich jedes Mal ändert: Das Gesicht des YouTubers. Also gibt es jedes Mal etwas anderes. Und ich habe Platz, um jedes Mal anderen Text einzufügen. Du hast definitiv eine Marke. Und ich denke, wenn ich das sehe, denke ich, okay, das ist ein Paddy-Video. Ich hätte ein weißes Shirt mit rotem Diagramm tragen sollen. Ja! Du musst das Merch verkaufen! Das wäre lustig gewesen. Und sprich darüber, wie etwas wie brechen oder gebrochen, ich fühle, ist ein weiteres großes Wort. Es ist ein starkes Wort, Bruder. Wie bist du darauf gekommen? Was. Wie die Formulierung im Thumbnail, selbst wie X YouTube gebrochen hat oder wie es immer wieder in vielen deiner Titel auftaucht. Ich sprach viel über das Studieren von Top-Konzepten. Ich sah dieses Thumbnail-Konzept, ich glaube im Wall Street Journal. Es war wie: Der Mann, der den Aktienmarkt löste. Ich dachte: Ziemlich interessant. Den Aktienmarkt lösen. Dann dachte ich: Machen wir's auf YouTube. Also der Mann, der YouTube gelöst hat. Es ist okay. Es ist nicht das stärkste. Es ist auch ein bisschen lang gelöst. Der Mann, der YouTube besiegt hat! Es klingt einfach aggressiver, mehr ins Gesicht. Der Mann, der YouTube gebrochen hat! Und wer mich kennt als Person und auch meine Kunden weiß, ich bin sehr ausgeglichen, mag es nicht, auf YouTube zu reißerisch zu sein. Aber man muss das Spiel mitspielen. Man muss sagen: Mr. Beast hat YouTube gebrochen! Man will nicht sagen: Mr. Beast gab YouTube genau, was sie wollten. Man will sagen: Er hat's gebrochen! Er hat's zerschmettert! YouTube. Ein interessanter Rat, denn viele kennen diese Grenze nicht oder überschreiten sie nicht. Ich will ein Video machen, das ich meiner Mutter, meinem Bruder, einem Zehnjährigen, einem YouTuber mit fünfzig Millionen Abos, einem mit hundert Abos zeigen kann. Dafür muss ich mich darauf konzentrieren, wie ich es am interessantesten formuliere. Einfach nur zu sagen, Ryan Trahan hat einen tollen Job gemacht, ist nicht so interessant. Eher: Ryan Trahan hat YouTube für immer verändert. Ich zeige meinem Vater jetzt viele Videos. Ach, ja? Ich zeigte ihm das Intro fürs Peter-McKinnon-Interview er verstand's nicht, wir änderten es komplett. Großartig. Also ich denke, verschiedene Zielgruppen anzusprechen, auch mit Nische, ist wichtig. Ja, auf jeden Fall. Paddy, wie vereinbarst du Storytelling und die Besessenheit von Analysen? Manchmal muss man die Retentionskurven einfach ignorieren, auch wenn das für mich als ausgewiesenen Retentions-Experten fast wie Gotteslästerung klingt. Man muss darüber hinwegsehen und sich sagen: Ja gut, das könnte vielleicht einen Rückgang von zwei Prozent bedeuten. Aber die anderen achtundneunzig Prozent der Zuschauer schauen ja immer noch zu. Wenn es ihnen etwas gebracht hat, ist es immer noch gut. Als YouTuber neigen wir dazu, uns auf Mikro-Einbrüche bei der Retention zu fokussieren, nicht aufs ganze Video. Das ist wichtig zu bedenken. Vielleicht ein kurzfristiger Verlust für langfristigen Gewinn, weil sie etwas über dich gelernt haben. Genau. Verändert Kurzformat viel daran, wie du über Videos denkst? Oder ist es nur eine weitere Erweiterung, ein Teil des Buffets? Ich sehe Shorts eigentlich fast wie Intros an. Sie sind im Grunde wie Intros, haben aber eben auch einen Abschluss. Es ist ein ziemlich guter Indikator: Wenn du ein YouTube-Video hast, schau dir mal die ersten, sagen wir, dreißig Sekunden genau an. Frag dich dann: Wenn ich genau das schneide und auf TikTok oder als Short poste, könnte das wirklich gut laufen? Und wenn ja! Dann hast du wahrscheinlich ein echt gutes Intro. Also ich denke, sie koexistieren. Es ist dasselbe Spiel, nur auf einen viel kürzeren Zeitraum komprimiert. Gibt es Wege wie Creator Formate testen können, außer nur Freunden zu schreiben oder Feedback zu holen? Zum Beispiel ich habe auf Noah Kagans Kanal gesehen, er hat dieses Format, wo er zu Leuten geht, klingelt und fragt, wie sie ihr Geld verdient haben. Hast du dabei geholfen? Natürlich! Natürlich, klar. Okay, erzähl. Wie kam das? Es ist faszinierend. Ich war sofort gefesselt. Ich habe ihnen nur beim Titel geholfen und ihnen dann die Thumbnail-Konzepte dafür gegeben. Okay. Zum Beispiel, da öffnet jemand die Tür. Noah auf der einen Seite und der Text dazu: Wie verdienen Sie Ihr Geld? Oder wie verdienen Sie... Es ist meiner bescheidenen Meinung nach. es ist einfach ein wirklich gutes Konzept. Man schaut es an und will einfach klicken, um genau diesen Moment zu sehen. Posieren die dafür eigentlich? Tritt Noah sozusagen einen Schritt zurück und bittet die Person, die Tür zu öffnen? So in der Art. Natürlich. Zum Beispiel wir. Die lustige Geschichte an dem Thumbnail: Die Person im Thumbnail ist gar nicht im Video. Was?! Ein Schauspieler, eine Schauspielerin. Oh mein Gott, die sind nicht im Video? Und das Lustige: Kein einziger Kommentar bei einem Video mit dreieinhalb Millionen Aufrufen. Ich sah keinen Kommentar, der fragte: Wo war diese Person? Denn wenn du etwas lieferst, das jemanden interessiert, sie klicken und bekommen ein tolles Video? Sie fühlen sich nicht betrogen, weil es heißt: Das ist so ein tolles Video. Das haut mich um. Also diese Person. Noah engagiert Schauspieler und die spielen das nach? Normalerweise versucht man, die Person zu nehmen, aber ich erinnere mich nicht mehr genau, aber ich war wohl mit dem Originalmaterial nicht zufrieden. Also haben wir zusätzliches Material besorgt. Aber bei den meisten Videos nutzen wir Leute, die tatsächlich im Video sind. Ja, aber trotzdem, der Aufwand, den ihr betreibt. Ja, ja, ja, klar. Denn ich habe beim Anschauen einen riesigen Mehrwert bekommen. Das Thumbnail hat wirklich gut funktioniert. Du hast es nicht mal bemerkt, oder? Ich wusste es nicht, bis du es sagtest. Ja, faszinierend. Wow! Okay, cool. Gibt es andere Konzepte von dir, etwa von Noahs Kanal oder anderen Kanälen, mit denen du arbeitest? Ja, ich meine, bei Noah ist es so, seit wir mit ihm arbeiten, haben wir einfach, wie Noah und Jeremy, der Produzent in Noahs Team, sie haben sich voll auf die Philosophie eingelassen, die ich bei YouTube mag, nämlich sehr selektiv zu sein. Noah und Jeremy und andere im Team brainstormen Ideen, und ich komme dazu und brainstorme auch Ideen. Und wir gehen sie durch, bewerten sie und sagen, das sollten wir machen. Das ist ein großer Wurf. Manchmal ist das Wertvollste, was ich tun kann, Standards zu setzen und zu fragen: Könnte dieses Video eine Million Aufrufe bekommen? Wenn nicht, warum machen wir es? Das Lustige ist, wenn man anfängt zusammenzuarbeiten und auf einer Wellenlänge ist Jeremy, der Produzent, meinte: Ich würde gern Ideen sehen, die wir umsetzen sollten. Ich brainstorme fünf oder sechs Ideen. Ja, ja. Er hatte bereits sehr im Grunde die gleichen Ideen gebrainstormt. Wir haben diese Videos gemacht. Und wir beide sind völlig unabhängig darauf gekommen. Und diese Videos haben, zum Beispiel. Eines hat drei Millionen. Eines hat, ich glaube, fast dreieinhalb, vier Millionen Aufrufe. Welches der Videos? Superyacht-Besitzer fragen, wie man es schafft. Alles klar, ja. Supersportwagen-Besitzer fragen, wie man eine Million macht. Millionäre im Ruhestand fragen, Jedes Video hat über eine Million Aufrufe. Du verdienst dein Einkommen auf viele Arten. Wir haben ein Segment, wo Leute ihr Einkommen aufzeichnen. Also wollte ich ein Tortendiagramm holen. Oh, los geht's. Los geht's, los geht's. Starten wir mit YouTube AdSense. Denn daran denken die Leute zuerst. Und für mich ist es ziemlich klein. Kein riesiger Anteil meines Einkommens. Ich habe recht gute RPMs. Aber von meinem Gesamteinkommen sind es wohl etwa zehn Prozent? Also ja. Zeichne es ein. Leg los. Eine weitere, kleinere Einnahmequelle wären Vorträge, dafür nehme ich den anderen Stift. Kürzlich merkte ich, dass viele Konzerne, große Fortune-fünfhundert-Unternehmen, Absolut, ja. nicht wissen, wie man YouTube macht. Sie fragen sich: Wen holen wir, der über YouTube spricht. Ja, sicher. Ich habe kürzlich ein paar Vorträge gehalten, die Spaß machten. Also würde ich sagen, das sind weitere zehn Prozent. Ja, ja, ja. Beeindruckend. Ich zeichne das mal ein. Das wäre dann hier unten. Tatsächlich, wie denkst du darüber, wenn Konzerne versuchen, auf YouTube erfolgreich zu sein. Wir haben viel über Creator gesprochen, aber wie würdest du, ändert sich dein Rat für Marken und Konzerne? Man darf nicht versuchen, auf cool mit den Kids zu machen. Ist vielleicht ein Klischee. Nicht cool mit den Kids? Man kann nicht versucht nicht, Airrack oder Mr. Beast nachzuahmen. Ein kostenloser Rat für Unternehmen: Wenn ihr versucht, jemanden anzuwerben. Oh, interessant. YouTube ist super, einer der ersten Orte, wo sich Leute über einen Job informieren. Warum engagiert mich kein großes Unternehmen? Um mit ihnen ein Video zu erstellen, das den Alltag einer Person in diesem Unternehmen zeigt. Dieses Video, wenn es gut verpackt ist, einen guten Titel hat und nicht nach Konzern klingt. Sondern rüberkommt wie: So sieht der Alltag eines Software-Ingenieurs bei X aus. Dieses Video könnte hunderttausend Aufrufe bekommen. wie Firmen mit der Personalbeschaffung kämpfen. Das könnten hunderttausend Augenpaare sein, die tatsächlich... Dafür, oh. Erstaunlich. Das hört ihr hier zuerst, denn ich wollte fragen, wie ein gesichtsloses Fortune-fünfhundert-Unternehmen seine Marke personifizieren kann? Du hast es beantwortet: den Alltag eines Mitarbeiters zeigen. Nutzt nutzt die Mitarbeiter. Leute Mitarbeiter machen Unternehmen aus. Mitarbeiterleben. Weißt du, diese riesigen Unternehmen, ihr Markenname, aber eigentlich sind es die Menschen dahinter. Und das bekomme ich nie zu sehen. Ich habe keine Ahnung, wer der leitende Angestellte bei XYZ ist, oder, weißt du, ein Berufseinsteiger als Ingenieur. Ich weiß nicht, wer diese Leute sind, aber es wäre interessant, besonders wenn man in die Branche einsteigen will. Faszinierend. Cool! Ich denke, das ist es. Also Vorträge, Und nun... was noch? Wie verdienst du sonst dein Geld? Also, ja. Affiliates. Ich habe Affiliate-Programme. Arbeite mit einigen Softwarefirmen. Für YouTube, schätze ich, etwa zehn Prozent vom Ganzen. Und dann zum großen Teil. Da haben wir Beratung. Das ist natürlich der Hauptteil meines Geschäfts, Ich arbeite mit etwa sieben Creatorn zusammen und einem riesigen Fortune-fünfhundert-Unternehmen, das ich nicht nenne. Sehr groß. Verständlich. Und. Also, ich mache da viel Beratung. Das sind ungefähr fünfzig Prozent meines Einkommens. Das ist ein großer Batzen. Also, einfach mach einen großen. Oh, krumme Linie. Was ist der Rest? Der restliche Batzen sind alles Markendeals. Wenn man YouTube-Videos mit vielen Aufrufen macht, melden sich Marken. Der Vorteil bei mir ist wenn ein Unternehmen im YouTube-Bereich arbeiten will, gibt es nicht viele Creator, die mein Publikum anziehen können. Wenn du ein Minecraft-Kanal bist und ein Spiel dich kontaktiert und du sagst: Ich will Summe X, sagen sie: Okay, dann gehe ich zum nächsten Minecraft-YouTuber. Ich kann besser verhandeln. Also machen Markendeals einen großen Teil aus. Verhandelst du selbst? Hast du einen Manager? Du machst es selbst? Ich mache alles selbst. Weil ich nur wenige Videos poste. Wenn ich wöchentlich Videos machen würde, holte ich mir einen Manager. Aber ich mache es selbst, weil ich – Ja. Verhandlungen mag. Und kannst du uns eine grobe Schätzung geben. Was ist das? Eine Spanne oder so? Wenn du dich wohlfühlst, wie viel das ausmacht? Gesamtsumme hundert Prozent? Monatlich? Ich würde sagen, pro Monat schwankt es wahrscheinlich zwischen vielleicht fünfzigtausend bis knapp hunderttausend. Führ uns durch: Die Zukunft der Creator Economy? Wohin geht's? Du hast den Einblick. Dachte, wir schließen damit ab. Es ist interessant. Wenn ich mit einem Creator arbeite, ist meine erste Anmerkung ziemlich oft: Moment mal, lass uns hier mehr Tiefe hinzufügen. Wir sind zu schnell! Weißt du, was, weißt du, die Leute nehmen einfach an, oh, er liebt Retention. Er will, zack, zack, zack, zack, zack! Nein, ich will etwas Story. Ich will auch Tiefe in meinen Videos. Ich denke, es gibt eine schöne Fusion aus Story gemischt mit Retention. Außerdem denke ich, Creator erobern die Welt. Ich denke, immer mehr Leute, zum Beispiel Prime, warum könnte Prime größer als Gatorade werden? Klingt lächerlich, aber in zehn Jahren, wenn es besser ist, wird es das sein. Wer weiß. Paddy, ich bin gespannt, deine Karriere zu verfolgen, aber vielen Dank fürs Dasein. Es war mir eine Freude. Ja, großartig. Danke euch. Danke. Ich weiß das zu schätzen.

  Top Comments:
  1. @andersp9351 [1 likes]: «Youtube consultant» ?😂😂😂😂 now i have heard that too😂😂
  2. @Pfin-c6u [1 likes]: Thanks from india 😊
  3. @GiggleCastPH [1 likes]: https://youtube.com/shorts/JFDSzj_Hbbo?si=uzO8SGLBE5O2vXp2
  4. @RedDaddySushi: thank you for the motivations
  5. @SimplySaidExplained: Feels like the real skill now isn’t just curiosity…
it’s creating that moment of uncertainty where the brain can’t immediately solve it.
That’s where attention actually locks in.
  6. @FailAuthority1: I will make it someday
  7. @Mizanbro420: ❤
  8. @JunnelAnimoChristianSongs: good point
  9. @benitoisacMoz: OMG 😮
  10. @HistorysIntern: 19:40 That prime take didn’t age well lol
  11. @CharlieandAuntie: Too funny 😂❤
  12. @CrownVerdict: Perfect for beginners 👍👍
  13. @sharma23shivamyt: great advice, I actually revealed how mr beast makes amazing videos - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0CkI5s9sRZo
  14. @spoonyandfriends: It's great to know all of MrBeast's secrets.
  15. @BrainBehaviorProject: ❤
  16. @briden92: Thanks a lot for this video. It's so helpful for smaller YouTube creator as me.
  17. @enchiridionos: Such great advice! Thank you for sharing!
  18. @sayeebsafwan: THATS EXACTLY WHAT WEMMBU AND OTHER STORYTELLERS DO WITH SHORTS BRUHH
  19. @Storiesoftraveler: Bro i got 245 subscribers
  20. @LumenLullabiesyt: sickkk

- I Asked MrBeast’s Ex-Strategist How to Hit 100k on YouTube: Kind: captions Language: en Patty Galloway this is the guy that's worked with everyone from Mr Beast to Red Bull on their YouTube strategy and in this episode he walks through in about 90 minutes a 12 Monon plan for you to Kickstart and build your very own YouTube channel that can scale to millions of subscribers now this is important not just if you want to create a personal brand this is also if you're creating a business YouTube is an incred incredible place to have an audience and he walks through uh this whole whole whole YouTube cheat sheet which he prepared for everyone on the startup ideas podcast you're going to love this episode it's long I will say but if you stick through to the end you'll know more about YouTube than 99% of people start siing time baby [Music] Patty Galloway on the Pod what are we what are we learning today Patty I'd love to to give your audience a bit of a a cheat sheet into YouTube uh into YouTube strategy because this is what I do all day every day this is what I focus my life on and I think um if by the end of this podcast I can sort of dispel a few myths and give people some good ideas of how to to tackle what is in my opinion the best platform to grow a an audience on I think that would be a great use of time I mean I'd be honored you know Patty you you work with the biggest creators in the game you've worked with Mr Beast you've worked with small creators who become big creators the Noah kagens of the world um I see you out there so uh I'm excited to hear what you what you've got in this cheat sheet by the end of this pod what's what's someone going to be able to to take away I think the main thing for me when it comes to the sort of basis of what I teach with YouTube is that YouTube is not a video platform like everyone thinks YouTube is like YouTube videos obviously and you know I'm being a bit silly but realistically most people look at YouTube and say I need to make a video what I love for people to think about by the end of this call is I need to make a video but before that I need to understand what video to make the strategy behind choosing ideas packaging so when a YouTuber says packaging they're referring to title thumbnail basically like the packaging of a product just in how when you're building a startup or a consumer product or whatever it might be you have to think about your marketing your branding your packaging the same is true for a Youtube video um and that's a big difference when it it comes to other platforms like even something like a Tik Tok where content is served to You YouTube there is still that decision made by the user of clicking on a video um so I'd love for people just have a really good understanding of how to think about that and um I also have a bit of like a a month by month plan so if anyone is you know watching this podcast and is like hey next 12 months I want to like build a a channel maybe for their personal brand for their company to just like learn the game of YouTube I have a a month by Monon really simple plan that people can follow um so yeah if we kind of change some hearts and Minds about how this platform works and give you a plan I think that's a really good use of time before we get into that why should a founder or someone building a business even care about YouTube I mean that's a that's a really good segue to to start screen sharing because I actually put together a a little um sheet with some points on why I think YouTube is so important so let me just start sharing my screen and I can actually get straight into this nothing gets people on this podcast more excited than when when the guest starts sharing the screen oh like dopamine just let's go all right Patty's sharing the screen what do you got amazing amazing so I'll talk a little bit about this graph in just a second but this is a a viewership graph graph for long form views for one of our clients and there's a point you I really want to make but um I think when I when it comes to Why YouTube which is literally literally the question at the top of this page like why YouTube why should I put focus on YouTube um one of the first things that comes to mind for me is I think people put YouTube in the same bracket as Instagram Tik Tok Facebook even maybe X to an extent and look at it like a social media platform but when you look at Who YouTube are competing with and when you look at what YouTube is becoming to me it's much more like a streaming service it's much more comparable to a Netflix or um an Amazon Prime in how people actually consume content nowadays like for example this might shock some people in the audience but for a lot of our biggest clients in my company we're getting 60 70 sometimes as high as 90% of our viewership from TV so from people watching on TV as their primary device type so I think there is this kind of perception that YouTube is like this oh you're on your phone you're flicking through cat videos or whatever but in more recent years I think that's changed to being hey this is actually a streaming service this is TV this is TV in 2025 and Beyond um so I always like to sort of start with that point of like no this isn't just Instagram or Tik Tok this is its own streaming platform and the interesting thing if you look at data neelon actually put data together YouTube when you look at the total time spent streaming content on YouTube it's the biggest streaming service in the world so more people stream content on YouTube than on Netflix or any of these other big streaming platforms so it's the biggest streaming platform um one of the reasons I think YouTube is so useful for Founders or just entrepreneurs in general is the fact that it's not just a I post a video and then that video does okay and then I post another video and that does okay I almost like to look at YouTube content like digital assets and people might have heard that term before of like oh you know create digital assets online but I think every YouTube video I post I try to view it through the lens of this is almost like real estate on the internet forever and to kind of um back up this point of like Evergreen content I'll bring us to this graph here let me just zoom in a little bit so people can see it quite clearly but this is just month over Monon viewership again for long form no short form included on this graph for one of our clients and you can see in the month this is uh viewership from videos we posted inside the month so inside the month of June we did 2.6 Million last year in 2023 um and on the bottom is catalog so videos posted before the month and you can kind of see that in the month viewership is very up and down we usually have like quite slow starts of the year you see like 1 million um in 2024 January and whatnot because we just don't really um have a consistent schedule all the time and Things Can Happen some videos perform some videos don't so you see this very like up and down sort of cycle of in the month viewership then you look at your catalog you see like in the month of December we did 27.9 million views so this is just the December that went by 27.9 million views from videos posted outside of the month of December so older videos so we kind of have nearly 30 million long form view views coming in every month um from the catalog and you can see this number is a lot more consistent and it's growing over time versus the in the month being a bit more up and down so I really like to look at YouTube like hey this is a platform where you can make content that lives forever and I don't think that's necessarily true of a lot of other platforms it's true for things like search like Google search you know you make a blog post it might be very Evergreen but we do look at like X and you know we both love Twitter X and use it very heavily for promoting ourselves but I could make a banger tweet it could get 600,000 impressions in 24 hours but after that point it's pretty dead um I think Instagram is pretty similar Tik Tok has some like Evergreen longevity of content but by the time we launch this podcast actually it'll be January 15 so it'll still be live but um yes I hear you um quick break in the Pod to tell you a little bit about startup Empire so startup Empire is my private membership where it's a bunch of people like me like you who want to build out their startup ideas now they're looking for content to help accelerate that they're looking for potential co-founders they're looking for uh tutorials from people like me to come in and tell them how do you do email marketing how do you build an audience how do you go viral on Twitter all these different things that's exactly what startup Empire is and it's for people who want to start a startup but are looking for ideas or it's for people who have a startup but just they're not seeing the traction uh that they need so you can check out the link to Startup empire.co in the description my question to I'm just looking at this I'm like yeah I I buy that videos are digital assets but when I think about making content for myself one of the things I've noticed is if I newsjack meaning if I create a video that you know is based on some news event like Tik Tok is shutting down here's the five things you need to do those videos end up outperforming by 2 three four 5x so how do you how should people think about you know newsjacking timely content versus what you call Evergreen content and could newsjack content become Evergreen content totally yeah so I think that's a really good point because a a great example you'll see is sometimes like a YouTube strategist like myself will be like you should spend more time making videos you should make really quality videos so they become Evergreen but if a channel that's audience is news-based you know covers the California wildfires you know three four weeks after it's happened no one cares the news has moved on so I think that's a really good point I think um I always like to think of channels if you are a channel that covers a lot of news events you're either all in on news and then you have to sort of admit that you're not going to see good catalog viewership um at least compared to what you could do with other formats but for most channels I don't think you know even in your case I don't think you're all in on like being super time specific all the time so I think it's just about having a nice mix and balance of yes I make time specific videos but I also make videos that are have a longer tale and that aren't just as focused on right now the difficult thing that I noticed is even when you're thinking about this for your that you say you know it's performs three or four times better that might be true for sure but the timeline over which you're measuring might be quite short because of how just naturally YouTube shows you oh this is doing really well and it's like first 24 hours when you zoom out a bit maybe those other videos that don't start as well do pick up a little bit have you noticed that with like videos that aren't just fly specific having a bit of a longer taale on your channel um yeah yeah and also sometimes I've noticed that there there'd be these videos that actually I thought were timely at the time weren't timely and then like six months later just become timely or become more timely you know what I mean and it's just like I think of a I think of a YouTube video and I'm curious your perspective on this I think of a YouTube video as like a bet and I'm just like okay I'm putting this out there and the time scale for me is two years I need to think about will this video get and for me my metric is comments and likes if if I see like I I care about views way less than comments and likes because the comments and likes to me tell me am I pulling on the heartstrings of people am I actually creating value am I actually getting them to think um and if I do that then to me it's worth reinvesting in content and video content cuz it yeah I was worried where you were going to go at that point for a second but I love where you ended up because I thought you were going to say you care about comments and likes because algorithmically that's important but it sounds like it's purely sentiment like it's a good uh indication of hey how much my viewers actually really enjoyed this um versus yeah like for example comments of no algorithmic waiting like you just don't look at comments for video performance but it's a great indication of hey like it's especially with an audience like you have here that is quite um like a tribe of people into similar things I guess that's a really good like noise indicator of how well you've done well I think I think for me like what gets me really excited is when people use the comment section as like a social network I think that's a good milestone for any Creator so when you when people for example a startup ideas podcast if people are like I really like this idea I'm looking for a co-founder and someone like people have commented before be like DM me on you know DM me on Twitter or whatever um to me that's like you know a sign that you what you've built is working yeah yeah I love that I love that um and that also just made me think as well is like in this first point of streaming service versus social I think what's interesting is like YouTube has that kind of like time spent that you get from like a streaming platform as in how you're spending with the viewer um but there is like some social media components which is a Comon section like Netflix doesn't have a Comon section so you feel more connected to a community than just watching content 100% all right let's keep going totally um so yeah really do like to look at content Evergreen I think that that is a really good point though not everything is Evergreen but there is like algorithmically nothing that punishes older content if older content started getting more views than newer content on YouTube that's what would be promoted there's no like bias towards new content on YouTube um in my experience I'm curious what what you think about this Greg but in my experience um from comparing it to other like marketing uh forms like I find that YouTube converts second best only to email when it comes to selling to a product when it comes to selling or promoting a service I find YouTube converts really really well compared to other platforms at least at at a per user basis so that's also something to really consider as well is like you can build really big audiences on other platforms but YouTube especially if you do have like a quite defined clear audience you're going after after I find converts really really effectively um now this might not be as big of a a factor for people in your audience but it's also worth mentioning and I'm sure you've noticed this as well yourself is like you're kind of getting paid to make advertising content in some ways like your content is advertising what you might provide or do or even if it's just purely because you want to build community you're getting paid to do that YouTube have AdSense built in um I would say the kind of range I give most people here is if you have a western audience if your audience is primarily english- speaking in America Canada UK Europe um you're probably going to see a $3 to $10 or PM so that's the amount you get paid per 1,000 views so if you kind of do some basic mats on that like you look at the viewership that we see on on these channels and you just look at like December 27.9 million views you apply a $10 orpm to that that's $280,000 so like there is a lot of potential money just to make just from that and even if you are a smaller Channel like I've worked with channels that are maybe doing a couple million views a month which is still big in the grand scheme of things but a lot smaller than these numbers they're promoting a service they're promoting their book their service their product whatever it might be but they're still making 20 30k a month from YouTube kind of seamlessly and the audiences are also so used to advertising that it doesn't have any cost really when it comes to frustration or people feeling like you're selling too much because this is just so seamlessly integrated that it's like I can just turn this on and make money from my content which if we're being honest although we don't want YouTube to hear this like most of us would make for for free like we don't need to get paid directly from YouTube it's like such a such an extra little bonus I think is uh I think is great um another thing is it's really hard which could be seen as a bad thing but I think when you compare it to other platforms YouTube is the hardest one of the hardest to master um which means there is a Big Mo I think it's hard to compete with someone who has a good understanding of YouTube and and knows how to make content on the platform um and I do think there is more barriers to entry but that makes it a bit more predictable and more stable of if you get good at this you can consistently grow audiences on YouTube and it's kind of how I made my career I've been doing YouTube since 2007 I've just got really good at growing YouTube channels and I find lots of people enter the space and I still have that advantage of I know these skills I've been through all these different journeys of these different channels and that's a hard skill to compete with whereas I have some friends that are into like growth hacking on Instagram which I used to be into at some point as well and other platforms and there does seem to be more of a kind of like Fast turnaround over marketing tactics that are working like how can we kind of like game this system really quickly and then that gets over utilized move on to something else there's forms that that takes on YouTube for example like a new video format that everyone's copying or whatever but generally the platform is just a bit more stable and mature and you just need to be able to make really good videos if you can do that you're going to do well on the platform um kind of building on the same point stable there's no ban coming for YouTube anytime soon at least not that we know of um I think I feel good building a house on YouTube and as much as I I really like X and I admire um Elon in many ways like I do sometimes feel a little bit unstable on X obviously Tik Tok if you have a Tik Tok account right now you're feeling a little bit unstable I know there's that quote of like you know building on rented land and you know it's still owned by YouTube but it's an American company super stable makes really good money has good leadership I've met the CEO of YouTube and you know I felt really good about him that doesn't really mean that much but I felt wow this guy is a really prioritizing creators and prioritizing the platform um so I think that's worth considering if you're willing because it's such a big thing to invest time into like with this previous point of how hard it is that if you want to um if you want to decide if that's a good use of time I think this is a platform that's going to be around for indefinite like this is here um something as well that maybe is a point that doesn't need to be made too much but anyone that has uh kid younger siblings like it's kind of crazy how popular YouTube is with those younger demographics um so this is off the top my head but I believe total U market share of the streaming market for the us as a as a total number is about 10% YouTube 10 or 11% I've seen it get as high as 133% with 2 to 11 year olds is 33% so that's 33% of basically what they're watching is is YouTube um which is kind of crazy and again when I look at any of like younger siblings or cousins that are then that age cohort they're watching YouTube pretty much exclusively on their iPads on their TVs and and all those viewers are going to grow up and still watch YouTube in different forms they're going to you know want to learn about business they're going to want to learn about different things your audience might be building products and and offerings around um I like to look at YouTube as like pretty stable algorithmically as well um it's not always the popular narrative but having built on this platform for years like what works now hasn't changed that much from what has worked in the past that's kind of my previous Point around it's less Lottery based there's more stability there's not as much sort of gimmicks and growth acts and when I first started on YouTube I mentioned 2007 back then it was like the wild west like I was you know doing some outrageous things to exploit things I noticed around YouTube's algorithm like different things I could put in a title different things I could put in a description all that doesn't work anymore which which sucks in some ways because it was so fun but it's actually good now because it means that okay we we kind of understand the rules we're playing with there's no way to really exploit the system like there was previously and then I would say the final point I wan I want to talk about that for a sec go ahead because on my good days that's what I believe I'm like yeah YouTube has this stable algorithm and like you know I'm building on such a solid foundation and I just have to create good content and I'm going to let the YouTube Gods just lift me into Val Valhalla but on my bad days like today for example I posted a video okay so I'm in Miami I I spend thousands of dollars to bring people to Miami to do an IRL pod with Cody Schneider a friend of the Pod and cameras and people I put I you know I I I think I have an incredible conversation about this concept called digital gravity around how to actually use uh a lot of AI tools actually to basically create um you know internet audiences and how you funnel people into customers and I post me and my team post the video it goes nowhere um I refuse to believe that I was like okay I'm just going to have lunch I'm not going to change the title you know right away not changing the title I'm gonna have lunch and just like be a a calm stoic person and by the time I get back hopefully you know the comment section is buzzing and stuff like that and by the way I'm not talking about views to me like again likes and comments yeah um specifically comments and it's ghost town ghost town USA bro so that's when I'm like oh man do I have to do a clickbait title change right now did the clickbait title change ended up so the video was called um I'm going to tell you the offical here I'm going to give I'm going to give it to you straight the only marketing you need the only marketing strategy you need for 2025 and then I changed so that's what I had previously then I changed it to he built a startup using AI that prints money full tutorial in Brackets put that you know it's right now it's already at 3 on 10 you know in an hour it went from a 10 on 10 to a three on 10 and the comment section and everything and it's like damn it what do you think what do you think about that well I think what you're describing is a very like it's a common thing that YouTubers often find which is like hey like I've put effort into something because you described this was like IRL you got these cameras spent this money you put effort into something which is important but it's less important than Packaging so like you could do incredible I have a friend in Austin who is this like he's shot advertisements for like porch ason Martin um Adidas like he's like this incredible like creative mind he gets no views on YouTube you know his videos are incredible every time I watch him I'm like this should get more views but it's because his content isn't packaged he's not actually a really good title thumbil uh wizard when it comes to his content so the point you're making I don't I don't think that contradicts the point of that YouTube is a stable algorithm it's just that maybe you dislike a little bit of what that game is in that sense like hey I put this effort into something that wasn't rewarded but um to me I would look at that and say well it's still even if something is not even if something is focused on being quite clickbait in some ways or like being over the toop exaggerating like using superlatives at least we can say well that's what works and we can build around that um yeah don't hate the player hate the game type thing it's like I'll tell you what works from that experience it's like the only marketing strategy you need in 2025 dude no one's looking for a marketing strategy yeah it's just like it's like eat your vegetables right like no one wants to eat if you tell a kid to eat your vegetables they're not going to want to eat their vegetables not going to work but uh what we ended up with which was he built a startup using AI that prints money full tutorial it's like ultimately what do people want they want to create startups that are successful yeah he built a startup that prints money he that kind of adds like who is this guy Intrigue maybe I'll click in and full tutorial just the just basically it it says that it says without saying that here's a bunch of information that's going to be really valuable totally I think a a similar parallel to this is one of our clients in the business is a personal finance Creator one of the biggest personal finance creators in the world and if we make content that's around things that realistically the average American should really be doing like paying off debt typically doesn't perform well if we make a video that is like how to become a millionaire in 2025 following this you know system or Playbook it's like everyone's clicking that um which is like yeah maybe the maybe the viewers need a marketing strategy for 205 but it's less sexy it's less interesting than seeing this big case study that you did instead totally it just I will say I have to admit that it it does make me feel a little bad you know what I mean um it makes me feel bad because I want people to I wish I could say eat your vegetables but I end up having to make soup and instead you know I'm making vegetable soup instead of here's a piece of broccoli here's a dry piece of broccoli that's going to have like you know it's going to be like eating like a a box and you're G to have like broccoli stuck in your teeth no one wants that but like here's a hot vegetable soup on like a cold day with like a slice of sourdough bread you know what I mean but I do I do feel a little bit bad because I'm like I don't want people to be like I'm going to watch this and I'm going to be able to build a business that will print money right like that you have to put in the work and you also there's a certain degree of luck that is necessary and you have to like have place bets consistently um but I I again I think that it's helpful for people to hear these stories and have these Frameworks and have these tutorials because I do think it increases their odds of when yeah yeah I I made a tweet one time where I was like I'm 28 I run a seven fig uh consulting firm for the biggest creators in the world ask me anything and someone in the comments replied saying like how do you not be so arrogant or something and I was like I know how to not be arrogant it would just get no views you know like if I was just like I run a pretty successful and people aren't going to ask questions so I think so much of these things is interesting and even the conversation we've just had the last three or four minutes it hasn't been about the algorithm it's been about people it's been about human behavior and what humor are drawn to and I think what helps me sleep at night when you know I'm coming up with title thumbnails that are on the verge of being more clickbait is always like if I feel that the video has really good value in there um and has like a good message and and can be really good content this person should have watched then to just sell them on getting them in there to oversell them a little bit on getting them in there is the price I pay you know for my conscience um I do think there's some truth to like I mean even if you look at the world's biggest Creator right like the world's biggest Creator Mr Beast like he'll make a video on like one versus 10000 million private jet in the thumbnail there's a solid gold jet like it's just solid gold the whole things made of gold that didn't happen in the video um the video does 200 300 million views because the video is still an incredible piece of content for the people that wanted that piece of content so it's like yes we oversold a little bit but it's kind of like how a movie poster shows something uh and that might not exactly happen in the movie um so yeah I think I think it's part of the game it is like a human experience it's a human thing of like ah like I wish people would just watch what was actually important and didn't need to be like sold and sometimes when the audience members give some back backlash it's kind of funny cuz it's like well stop clicking on it then like I have like you you're the guys that like make me have to do this cuz every time I package it in the way that is is more authentic to what it is you don't click so yeah it's a it's a funny Paradox should you keep going absolutely um last point to have here I believe maybe I'd be interested to hear if you disagree at all here but I think YouTube is the platform that has the best marriage between building real depth with your audience and Discovery so if we think about those two things they're quite often inversely correlated platforms that have very high Discovery let's say Tik Tok uh Instagram reals whatever aren't the best for building depth um and then on the flip side platforms with great depth um like for example email newsletter but also things like twitch twitch is a great example twitch creators convert insanely well but there's no discovery on Twitch there's really bad discovery on Twitch in fact most twitch creators grow by going viral on X and on YouTube uh and then putting an audience towards twitch so I think it's a bit of a unicorn when it comes to you can build a really strong connection and Community around an audience and still have really good Discovery and I don't think there's anything else out there I'd be curious if you agree or disagree with that um yeah I agree I agree I think um I'm I'll tell you how I think about YouTube it relates to this and you can tell me if I'm thinking about it wrong or right so I think that if you're going to be on YouTube you have to have uh two different types of bets Affinity bets and attention bets so Affinity bets is you know for example I used to do these live streams where it was like BR me your startup ideas and I'm going to like work with you and give you feedback on it 100 people would show up but it would be like the true 100 fans um and that's about like building that tribe attention bets are what we kind of talked about before which was um what's something that like top of the funnel like pick your Niche and then actually pick your sub Niche because I think if you know you're you're you're high Niche is going to be too big if I would have pick business that's too big but I pick startup ideas it's like a sub Niche right um so pick your sub Niche and then think about what's top of the funnel for that sub Niche and I think that if you do 2/3 attention with onethird affinity it's probably your recipe for Success yeah I like that but but dude I'm you're like the pro I'm just like don't know what I'm doing putting out content you know what I mean this is just like based on what I known known building on YouTube over the last few years this is what I've learned but I could be completely wrong no I I think you're you're hammering on a good point though which is like there I mean even here's a great case study of this right Noah Kagan you mentioned Noah Kagan ear in this in this conversation is someone we worked with when I first started working with Noah he was doing 10 15 maybe 20,000 views a video at our height of working together we were doing 4 500k views a video but in doing that because that was you know when we met with Noah's team they were like we want to increase views so I'm like okay we will work on increasing views but what happens in doing so is yeah we go so T like I like your your example of like looking at the very top of the niche the the broadest videos in the niche we went so focused on making formats around there but then on this kind of beautiful like 360 that can happen on YouTube I think Noah kind of looked at and was like okay now I'm getting loads of viewership but when I want to promote something or when I want to make a video that's talking about me or my stuff it does terribly so I'm almost like being like negatively reinforced to not do that and then I've kind of made a prison for myself of making these viral videos which is the cost of going varal which is like hey like if you want to go really broad there is a downside which is you're not going to be able to do whatever you want you're going to have to Pander to an existing audience and there are exceptions of that some creators who just like say I make whatever I want and they can be very loud about how silly it is that everyone else panders too much to Their audience but I'm like you're a unicorn like Casey neist I love Casey nista to bits um I'm not going to listen to him too much when it comes to YouTube strategy because he's a unicorn like he can his like sense of what's good is so strong that he can make great videos and I also still don't fully believe that he doesn't at least Pander a little bit or think to the audience a little bit because I believe everyone does on some level um but with most of our clients like I always like to look at it like um how do we sort of establish the rules for What videos need to get made and some of these points I'll bring in as we go through this this uh screen share together so how do we establish the rules of like what's big enough for us what's like an idea that will do well and then mix in you use the word Affinity whether that is like Community whether that is like things you're generally passionate about mix that into those ideas or after those Frameworks have passed so like can this video do this this and this and then also can we include this in the video like some form of community passion whatever it might be um I have found that what's interesting is like everyone on the surface says their goal is to you know grow the biggest YouTube channel at least when they work with me but I've just noticed from observing people that you kind of have to let them at least one in every five or six just let them try something and do something and and you know some creators call it like one for me one for the audience you know I would look at it more like five for the audience one for me if I'm in control because you know I'm prioritizing the audience over myself and if I'm trying to build the biggest Channel possible but yeah there's lots of like competing tradeoffs where I think people can would be well served thinking twice over whether it is it is they want to build the biggest audience possible because Mr Beast gets worst conversion rate than you if you're promoting you know a business product obviously but his total volume size is so huge that's powerful in its own right totally what else is on this cheat sheet so next up um let me just scroll down here I've actually just got my month by month so like this is going to be posted um you know in January and kind of going through and looking at this year like for anyone that is maybe they've already started their Channel maybe they're thinking about starting a channel like this is the real month bym month um that I recommend people to do now of course with any kind of prescription this is about adjusting it based on what you can do what you want to do what not but like we grow channels for fun with my business um we you know work with these huge creators but we also kind of incubate and work with these smaller creators from the ground up all the time and this is what I found works so if I was coming in and becoming a partner on a beginning Channel starting tomorrow this is the the month by month I'd follow so maybe I'll go through each phase and then just pause and see if there's uh any thoughts from you Greg and we can go from there yeah I mean this is I wish I had this when I was starting out could you can you just walk us through it totally totally so month one to four so your first kind of four months on YouTube if you're starting from scratch so zero videos posted I like to look at this as the establishment phase so it's kind of like figuring out what we are what we're doing like what are we even doing here and just trying to kind of get to grips of the platform a big mistake I think people make is they listen to people like me and other people talking about YouTube strategy too early and that pollutes their thinking and they end up like overthinking content spending too long trying to make a video trying to be perfect from the beginning and I mean it's the same with business right like you know you can do all like the seminars you can learn all the stuff read all the books but you know if in four months you haven't launched anything or you haven't done anything like it doesn't matter so first four months for me um Step One find your Niche like I really liked your point you brought up there a minute ago about Niche versus Sub Niche so kind of find what your Niche or sub Niche is I like using the triple ven diagram so find the intersection between what you love what you're good at and what people want to watch very simple in theory hard in execution but I think when you're trying to identify what your Niche is whether that is your personal brand whether that is something different because maybe there's people watching this that would like to like make make a a channel as the kind of founding point for a business and sort of reverse engineer rather than just saying I've got a business can I build a channel to promote it someone thinking hey like I I want to start a business in the future that's in this Niche can I build in a in a YouTube channel first so I think understanding that triple event diagram and finding that is really important and then step two laser Fus that's important even if you don't end up doing this you know even if you don't do go on YouTube for any soci product like for any internet audience and for any just professional career stuff so that's key yeah yeah because you'll see sometimes people like really focus in on just what people want to watch but if you're not good at it you don't love it like you're not going to last very long doing it um and sometimes you know I I have certain things that I love that no one cares about you know like there's some things that are too Niche or too focused and also sometimes people think especially if they're a personal brand that their channel should just reflect them as a person and for anyone that knows like basic probability like if we say like hey you have an interest that 20% of the human population is interested in which is ridiculous but let's say and then you have another interest at 20% there and then another interest at 20% there and you try to combine those all together on one channel like the probability of finding a person that is interested in all those different things is well under 0% and that's kind of the step two here which is laser focus on the niche or sub Niche don't be a sushi restaurant serving Burgers um I'm sure you're familiar with Andrew Wilkinson um I remember being on like a zoom Q&A with him one time and like he just made a really good point saying like if you're a business like don't be the sushi restaurant that also serves Burgers because you know that that's not a good sushi restaurant if you do everything you're not really good at anything and I think when it comes to YouTube like same is true don't be that channel that is like making business content but then also like posts a vlog of their golf at the weekend and then when I get angry they say lots of people that like business also like golf I'm like well you know what 100% 80% I don't think so it's like 20% 10% like we're focusing on the wrong thing here so laser focus on the niche don't be sushi restaurant um and step three this is a bit prescriptive but I think it's really useful for people starting out find a way to make two videos every week at the beginning um don't worry too much about ideation don't even worry about like yeah what you're making just just do what calls to you pick your Niche and say hey this would be fun to make this would be fun to make just make videos and if you do that for for four months and you're posting two videos a week you're going to be in a very different position when we get into the the next phase of of the plan so yeah I'll pause here for a second see if there's any any thoughts from you Greg um it's hard to make two videos every week it's really really hard um it's not impossible uh I do two to three pods a week which is really hard um because I'm not a Creator so to speak like I'm I'm running businesses so like finding the time to do it but I think the the key is when you're going through this at least this list for yourself is what would it look like so that I can actually make two videos per week like what would need to exist in in you know would I need a full-time editor would I need someone to help research ideas what I need like what would that look like what is the cost for that um and then what do I think the ROI could be and actually doing a financial model for YouTube like I don't think a lot of people do that I don't think I've ever seen that like even you saying it I'm like because I I think I have a I have a biased view because people that I typically work with are either um creators that are all on just being a Creator so they're not doing this as an extension to their business or their Fortune 500 companies who are like right write the check we don't care like we don't need to think about that I guess I think about it more like SEO like when you think about SEO you think about okay I'm G to spend $5,000 a month to create x amount of pieces of content and then based on that I'm going to get y amount of visits and then each visit is worth you know Z amount of of sense so I think that and this is probably something that you can use chat GPT to help you actually like you know pretend you're a financial model modeler for Mr Beast you know pretend like you're starting a new channel and you're starting from scratch and you have no help from anyone else maybe you have one Twitter account with 600 followers assuming I create two videos per week um what do you think you know based on XYZ and then you you you make you get like first version of a financial model uh and then from that you can edit it yeah I think part of that is like understanding that even with this like there is every real possibility that you could do this for 12 months and not see an Ori or not see like a kind of enough traction to justify it so I think useful part that as well is like looking at the beginning and saying like I'm willing to to make this bet let's say it's going to be like 30k for 6 months of Runway because I'm going to have a parttime manager I'm going to have this person that person and to me spending 30k on this to to try for six months is worth the potential upside that I think this can bring me yeah I think uh this is like the broccoli kind of thing which is like I don't know what we're going to title this this pod um but realistically it's going to take at least 12 months for you to see the ROI so we have this um I have this like cohort based program we just called the YouTube accelerator and I'm not bringing up to plug it because we're not actually taking applications right now but the interesting thing is like one of our like things we look for is you have over a th000 subscribers and you've posted over 50 videos before we let you into program um because I find that like that is like the awkward phase that's the the kind of figuring it out phase that's the kind of necessary like steps you have to put in before you're even primed for growth um after that stage like if someone has a strong Niche if they are doing the right things and they have the right strategy like things can grow quite quickly um things can snowball pretty quickly after that point but yeah it's a you need to be willing to kind of look at this as like I'm going to eat [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] on this for a long time before this might payoff all right let's uh let's keep going we won't title it this we won't title it that by the way I'm going to I think what we should do is you should title this this podcast totally I've titled I've titled nearly every podcast I've ever been on and most of them have done well so I'm totally down cool all right let's keep going all right so let's say you figure that out you have and when I say make two videos a week like it I agree it's really hard especially if this is something that you're only able to dedicate a certain amount of time on but but um at the start to me it really is about numbers and just getting stuff out there and just getting used to posting videos and not really worrying too much about ideation so like let's just say you're a channel that wants to talk about um AI startups like at the beginning like you're maybe you're just filming a video on loom just walking through some thoughts and you're just posting that video and there's not much edits you're just trying to make a basic thumbnail at the beginning I'm not really worried about that I just want to kind of put something out there to just get into that habit of making content um versus like you know trying to refine something really well at the beginning but let's say you do that you do that for four months you are about 32 videos posted now we move into Improvement phase so we've kind of established ourselves as a channel really at this point we're posting frequently and we have a laser focus on what that Niche is now people often ask me like how do I know if it's the right Niche how do I know if I should pivot all the things to me at least are like the wrong kind of questions because if you did this exercise at the beginning we know you're in a niche that people there is an audience for we know you're good at it we know that you love this Niche so the question isn't or the the solution isn't to Pivot just because we haven't seen results it's to keep focusing on this Niche you know I see these people maybe you see the people in the business world and Greg which is like they're just constantly jumping between projects or ideas or passions and they never actually really build anything of Noe because they don't wait long enough it's like the the fisherman who constantly moves his his Hook from the bottom of the ocean to a different spot every like two minutes and keeps missing the fish so I think uh being focused on that Niche you select and just committed to it is is really important any like in terms of selecting the niche I know we're selecting it using the triple Vin diagram but are you like that that feels very human to me I'm not saying that's a bad thing it's like you kind of like that's how I picked my Niche with startup ideas it's not like I was like oh there's like Demand with startup ideas just like it was what interests me do you do you have any tips for people with like how to jumpstart your ability to find your Niche if you do want to look at it at a more kind of datab backed rather than human focused method one thing you can do is use a tool um and I'll give you two examples of tools these are basically called a YouTube outar tools I don't know if you've seen them but um one example would be one of 10.com another example would be view stats um you can use these tools you can go onto basically their own search on their own website search a topics let's see you search like startup business and it will Rank and filter videos by outlier score so basically how much much more views did this video get than the average for that channel by doing that you can then get a really nice like insight into like what content is outperforming in certain niches so I'm using the business example let's actually flip it and say what if it's like personal development so to say hey I'm starting a channel and my Niche is personal development too broad if we type in personal development or we search personal development content through one of these tools and we notice that content built around this certain shelf of self-improvement let's call it like breath work or something is outperforming the average by quite a bit right now that could be a good sub Niche to start in like focus on just breathing breath work and breath Works healing properties whatever it might be to be the focus for your channel so that's one thing you can do that's a bit more technical than just human based which is like try to see where the outliers are within a sub Niche yeah and what you'll find is there's always trends like what's fascinating to me is I remember it being in like like studying self-development content in 2016 and cold showers and getting up at 5:00 a.m. was really popular and it was just going crazy like people would make like cold showers are changing my life getting up at 5:00 a.m. is changing my life and then everyone started doing it and then you know it kind of died down as an interest profile and then it kind of resurfaces again reemerges again and it's like if you want to find in your Niche what's working right now it's like look for what the outliers are right now in the niche yeah and sometimes you're like you're in the eye of the hurricane of the niche so you know exactly what what a particular Niche or Community is feeling at the moment which allows you to create really well um but sometimes and and people let me know if you want me to create a separate video or podcast around using some of these tools and to come up with ideas um because I I I I do find that that that's helpful too like using view step and some of these tools totally I think the key thing is is if you use those tools to pick your Niche then you almost like have to stop looking at them because it's very easy to be like okay I'm going to focus on cold showers to start oh no now I'm seeing this thing you know I'm seeing this other sub Niche is working and yeah you get this spinning wheel sensation where you're just constantly going between things um yeah let's say you've you've gone through that Journey you're in this what I call Improvement phase month 5 to 8 posted 32 videos um roughly speaking so you have some volume under your belt you know your Niche Everything feels like okay I'm kind of understanding and at this point I'm not even looking at results I don't really care too much about that right now when we get to this point it's just about we've picked it we're we're doing it um so step four to me in this plan is start coming up with 100 ideas per week now a lot of the recommendations you're going to see here are like things that require a lot of effort and time so we always have to consider the fact that you know people here are running their own businesses doing their own things as well but I would argue that people see this number of 100 ideas and just get too intimidated by it I can sit down and with a channel and come up with 100 ideas in an hour um together just you think about it it's just like a little like what is it 1.4 um per minute or something like you can write ideas down pretty quickly I'll walk through like my process for ideation a little bit later in this in this podcast but that's not as hard as it seems um but if you're looking for like what is the difference between big creators and small creators I feel small creators who are not growing put too much emphasis on like I'm going to make this video and then committing to that video Sun cost fallacy just make it happen put out the video and they don't really have a process for like was this the best idea I could have made did I come up with enough volume to really see if that is a good idea so I really recommend people start investing into ideation at this stage not in the first stage because at that stage we just want to start making content but at this point um 100 ideas per week I think is is a really good place to be when I worked with Mr Beast for example like I know that is like a crazy you know top of the the line example of YouTube strategy but like ideas that would literally be considered like the the lifeblood of that company like video ideas and you'd have spreadsheets with 20 30,000 video ideas in them and you'd have people individual people whose each person was brainstorming you know 100 ideas a day just like consistently it was kind of like an idea Farm um and you don't have to do that but yeah were they using tools or it's more like they're drinking Red Bull and coming up with ideas drink redel come up with ideas um definitely like the tools like I mentioned the one of 10s the uh view stats um even just like using YouTube yourself and you know searching for popular videos but a lot of it is just like spamming ideas honestly um and I really do think about it as like uh something I'll talk about a little bit later and I read it I believe in a book about Steve Jobs but this idea of like 1101 when they're thinking of like Innovations and ideas inside of Apple just like realizing that some of it is just like volume like if you get enough volume you put it into an effective filtering system your quality is going to improve um and I think that's very true for ideation um and then my point here is like try to start brainstorming around outliers so at the beginning I do think it's very useful to focus most of your attention on okay we've established a channel now we're in the improving phase what is really working in the niche let's make a list of all things that are working in the niche using tools like we've mentioned and then for each one of those ideas let's brainstorm four or five ways we could change adapt twist this idea into something new for ourselves one of my favorite things to do is look at my Niche and then find what I would describe as like kind of niches that are vertical to it are very similar to The Niche but not the niche so for example if you are a um fishing channel let's say what is something that's like fishing in many ways but is not fishing to me something that's like fishing but it's not fishing is golf bear with me the reason why I would say that is golf is enjoyed by a similar demographic of people to fishing generally speaking in the USA it is very equipment focused so it's gear heavy like golf clubs fishing rods tackle those things are very kind of similar it's an Outdoor Pursuit um so when I look at the nich and if I say I'm a fishing channel I might study other fishing channels but also golf channels and say well something worked really well in golf it's not a world apart from fishing so is there way to adapt it so if we see there's a big outlier where someone played a whole round of golf with a wooden golf set which I saw was a huge outlier for someone maybe in the niche of fishing that's I fished a lake with wooden fishing rods something like that that's kind of top of my head I'm sure there's better examples out there but I like to not only look at Min Niche but also kind of similar niches and try to adapt into to what I'm doing and I think that's like a great place to start it's just to really brainstorm outliers like that side note startup idea someone needs to build an agent that does that for people that basically you put in your Niche and then based on a bunch of sub niches it brings you formats and content that are you should look at to to help get you to uh come up with ideas yeah yeah there's actually I mean that that could be a whole another pod but like I feel like there's a lot of open space for these kind of tools in in the YouTube industry like something I'm always like trying to figure out as well is overlap audience overlap how I've traditionally done that is I used to use a tool that was called subredit overlap so I would look at subreddits and see what subreddits had overlap with each others to try to understand connecting points between niches with YouTube is quite difficult to like see on the outside what is the overlap between these two channels um so that could be something interesting for people to explore as well 100% let's keep going all right step five start making three thumbnails per video just do it everyone has ABC testing so YouTube gives everyone ABC testing it allows you to upload three thumbnails every time you upload um it's kind of controversial some people like like it some people do like it I use it with most of my clients and find it as effective and increases the average views we're getting for videos when we we try it um but even regardless of ABC testing thumbnails are so important they're kind of like the the 20% of you know a video that gets 80% of the result in some ways um and yet people still like spend 20 hours 30 hours on a video and then they spend 20 minutes on a phone M uh which is crazy and to use an extreme example reble are like one of our biggest um corporate clients I was speaking to like two or 300 Rebel producers I looked at a video and I I kind of broke down the video I was like okay there were 50 people involved in this video it was filmed over all these weeks it involved this much risk this much experimentation all this stuff and then you know I mentioned the budget which I can't mention on the video but you can imagine big ass budget for this video then it was like how long did we spend on the thumb mail and someone was like uh we made it like 20 minutes before upload and I was like if the thumbnail can lead to so much of a difference in performance it can literally be like 50 or 60% of what makes a video effective on YouTube and we're spending so much time like hundreds maybe thousands of total hours of employees working on this video and then we spend 20 minutes on the thil now it's just doesn't make sense so while you're making videos try to get to a place where you're making two or three thumb options per video and I'm going to hit you with this Greg do you do that right now for your Channel so I do do it I do three thumbnails and then we do two to three backup thumbnails great yeah and I noticed like I just the other day I got a comment being like bro stop changing your thumbnails you know and I I I do hate to see that um like people it might not be a great experience for people who might not see a video when it first comes out and be like oh I don't have time for this right now I'll get to it later and then they they have issues finding it but guys I'm I'm trying to get the I'm trying to get the videos to be seen here you know you know what I mean trying to get that comment section going so I do do it and and have noticed it helps totally totally um I would say so that is definitely On The Fringe like people complaining about that kind of thing um because at least generally like for one if someone has seen a video sometimes people have this concern but if someone has seen video and watch the video they're not going to get recommended again just because the thumb is different so it's one thing and then also usually YouTube b testing will select one thumbnail and show that to a user and then not change it for the same user as much as people think they do but it can definitely happen um so it's interesting that you got that comment yeah maybe it was like un it s it sounds like it was uh that was actually the first time I ever got it so uh I didn't even know that was a thing um but yeah maybe maybe he was like on his phone and then he came home and yeah so you're right do this you know and then what do you recommend for tools in order to create thumbnails like is canva okay or what do you what do you say canva is like the the very fundamental thing or platform you can use or tool you can use um if you just want to make something that's like decent um if you want to make something good like Photoshop is what I use and what I I've always used for for my thumbnails and I think you can get to a point where you can make good thumbnails in maybe five or six hours of Photoshop learning so like a Sunday um because and this is a point I have later actually which is that the the correlation between being really good at graphic design and really good at thumbnails is actually pretty weak um I've tried to work with some of the best graphic designers in the world and I've not been successful with making them great at thumbnails I find some random kid on Twitter who's like just looking at thumbnails all day and making thumbnails he might not have actually have very good Photoshop skills and if I showed the PSD file that he used in Photoshop and I sent it to a graphic designer they would say this is a war crime but he is able to make thumbnails of people click on because he understands the psychology of a thumbnail more than just the execution so I'd say canvas fine learn some basic Photoshop um people always ask about like AI thumbnail tools um I find the AI can be good for like the base of the image you use but you still have to bring it into cono or photoshop to like get it there um but using Ai and thumbnails is not against YouTube's terms contrary to popular belief and a lot of people do it and they're quite effective with it um but yeah those would be the the main tools I think Photoshop CA um also th designers like you can hire like a pretty cheap thuma designer like thuma design rates vary a lot like I pay5 or $600 for Thum M um with like our biggest clients potentially but there's definitely like a market for people that make thumb miles for like $50 $200 but where do I find those people I'm glad you asked YT jobs.co my own uh the world's biggest recruitment website for YouTube channels yeah will I pull it up yeah pull it up so I I co-own this company um and we have if I just go to Talent here I'm not even signed in which is funny um but yeah we literally have I believe 40,000 video editors thil designers YouTube strategists creative directors we basically have like the entire YouTube Workforce register is on the site um you can post a job and people can apply you can filter by thumbil designer you can see all these th designers we have some of these excuse me some of these th designers are going to charge a lot some of them are newer um someone like Britney Britney works with me you can see some of the fil that she's worked on Red Bull uh jesser 22 million subscribers uh all these different people and has reviews everything there so obviously a bit of a plug but it's a good platform to use and um I'll see if if you if you did want to link it I'll see if I could get like a discount code for for your audience cool I mean I I would I will use this you know what I'm saying you know so it's like I don't like plugs when they're just plugs but when it's going to help people and save them time and money that's you know it's my duty to to go and and and and show people these things so yeah this looks great uh but yeah step six this is where it depends on the channel depends on the kind of content you're making but I think this is a good place to actually switch from two videos every week to one video a week um again depends on the channel some channels like it works well having a good like volume of content but I would say for most channels that I'm starting from scratch or I'm working on that are small I like to get to us get us to a place where we're able to make decent videos and then switch to one and really try to focus on improving the quality of those individual videos um so that would be the step six is switching to one video a week and starting to actually put more emphasis into to making a great video right so I the The Prompt there for people is if I doubled my effort here what would that look like and how would that affect the the product which is the video yeah absolutely um these things also go in like really interesting flows where I fed 10 years ago on YouTube and for people that remember YouTube 10 years ago it was daily vlogging it was Casey and I start posting a video every day it was Logan Paul and Jake Paul doing their like daily vlog uh getting in trouble then we went into this period of like the Mr beastify of YouTube in some ways and YouTube were starting to realize that quality was like highly rewarded and that goes to extremes on the other side where like I have encountered creators that get five to six million views a video and they post once a year for anyone interested type in James Janney on YouTube he's a a Creator friend of mine from London he posts a video probably twice a year and has a full business does really well has people working for him but he just makes really really high quality documentaries and he's able to sustain himself from just one or two videos a year so yeah I think one a week is is a good medium place though because like when people learn that information what's funny about that is like let's be honest like if James my friend in London was able to post a great documentary every month he'd make way more money and would be way more successful and I think he would admit that as well and a a funny conversation I had with Jimmy Mr Beast uh when I first was talking to him six or seven years ago was like Hey like I think it's really smart that you like focus on scarcity and you focus on like like keeping things like scarce for the viewers so that when they see your videos it's a real special thing and he was like you idiot like I would post if I could make a banger every two days I would post every two days so he was like it's just that it takes longer to make a banger like he's like if I could press a button and bang bang bang or comes out like I'd make one every day so uh I think one a week is a great place to be at if you've already kind of establish yourself as a channel so moving on to the the last stage of the first 12 months so this is where we're kind of looking at hey we've posted like around 48 videos we were close to that 50 video Mark which I think is really important to get to as a Channel at this point I really want you to start honing in on the top 10% of videos I know it seems very simplistic but what are those top 10% when you look at all the videos we've posted we posted ear 50 videos at this point what are the top 10 performers what are the top 10% performance the top five videos I suppose that are are doing the best on the channel and can we do more of those um I've been I've been introduced as a a genius of YouTube strategy by people and while I appreciate that so much of it is like hey this did well let's do it again and obviously there's a lot more to it than just that but so much of my career has been built on like actually telling people they can make the same video again or repeat the content again um and even if I don't know if anyone in your audience is familiar with with my own channel but on my channel when I used to post videos on that channel I literally just did the same video again and again and again with just different creators as the subject material so find ways to really kind of build formats out of your um videos that are working well and if you're looking at that for sort of nine months is like okay the start I'm just making what whatever then I'm starting to put more focus on ideation I'm making more and more videos this is the point where we start to be a bit more strategic and look for like the right opportunities um an example or like a metaphor people use that I think is really useful is like there's the machine gun approach and then there's the sniper approach the machine gun approach is kind of just like spraying bullets at the wall seeing what hits the sniper is just zoning in looking at your distance picking your Target and shooting and I think the more you do YouTube the more you become a sniper versus a a machine gun um in terms of how you approach things so really try to focusing on those top 10% um this one I would encourage even for people that purely look at YouTube as like um a kind of marketing channel I still think it's great to just carve out time to really study YouTube study Trends outliers what other people are doing I like to have this I have this for all my employees I have this for myself I have this for my clients I just say hey try to about four hours a week where you're studying YouTube and you're actually just going through and looking at at content um one thing I do that's I think a bit of a hack for this is in YouTube I create different playlists so I'll create these playlists and the playlist title will be something like outlier video or great thumbnail or great title or great intro and every time I watch a piece of content because most of us watching this here is will be watching you know quite a bit of YouTube per week um every time I'm watching YouTube and I see something interesting I put it in one of those playlists and then I have time scheduled in my calendar to go through those playlists and just sort of write down and break down what I think worked about that and what did well so I think for anyone that is really serious about becoming a YouTube Creator or using this as like a major channel for their business um really like understanding and learning that game is is so crucial um or hiring people that will do this for you um and save you that time this is kind of like you know we talked about on the channel before the the idea of a swipe file so this is kind of like a swipe file for YouTube so a place where you know you've curated what you think are the most interesting um videos I think uh of course titles and thumbnails is one thing but for me I think what yeah that's really important but equally as important is the formats and just trying to stay ahead of the formats cuz they're always changing um and they get uh like a format could work work work work work and then all of a sudden not work so um this is Step eight is you kind of have to do it if you want to win and something I think about this on it as well is like I find a lot of it is about documenting databasing studying Swip file I totally agree with that but also some of it is just like training your brain because I did this in my bedroom in Ireland for like 10 years just every day just studying YouTube and going through and like studying things that worked and two weeks ago we're making a thumbnail with a client and I just sort of say what about we try like what if we try this like we create a sign in the thumbnail that looks like this and whatnot and my team who were on the call were like yeah let's do that we did it with the client the video did really well and I tried to reverse engineer how I came up with that specific thing to add to the thumbnail because I think it made a real difference in this thumbnail putting this this specific component in and as far as I could sort of Trace back it was from like studying a video six years ago that had a similar element in it and maybe I'm inefficient so I don't know this but like I think some of it is like databasing useful but also just training your mind to like see enough content and understand content where it becomes second nature to you where you know I can just think of these things on the spot because I've trained my mind and maybe there will be and this something we I'd love to talk about is like an an agent or something that can like say oh you're working on this thil m like here is 20 examples of thil Ms that were on similar themes that perform well in the last you know six years or something like that could be interesting but um definitely like focusing on YouTube studying YouTube for some time each week is is is huge and the last is the last step yeah step nine continue to post weekly make each video that a little bit better improve one little thing each time 1% improvements um so this is your first 12 months like I'd love for you to end the first 12 months with this just philosophy we're going to continue to post weekly we're going to try and make each video a little bit better um you know that classic one per each time like little marginal gains in each video but if you're doing that with every video and you're posting weekly like you make quite a lot of progress um so this would be the last step of the the first 12 months and then there's a lot of uh unanswered questions which we can we can jump into in some of the the next Pages cool I think uh I forgot the name of the Creator but I saw a Creator do this where he kept a Google sheet of every Improvement he made on each YouTube video he did so I think that could be really cool I kind of want to do that whereas like because otherwise you forget and you're not as conscious about it so I think you know creating a Google sheet could be cool one thing we do with clients is uh once per month we do like a learning a learnings report so let's just say we're working with Red Bull like we go through and like break down the learnings of um the videos posted and those learnings are a mixture of like looking at how well the video performed looking at retention curves so right that doesn't know YouTube gives you a retention curve which shows exactly where you lose people where you like gain people where they they hold on your videos so if you're like looking at that studying that for each video then each time hypothetically you're equipped with more information about what works and what doesn't work um so yeah we do that for every every video I've probably looked at 10,000 retention Curves in my life probably more and it just gives you a great insight into what holds attention and what loses attention and some things would surprise you like even this is just a a bit of a I know but a few years ago I was looking at a retention curve with the Creator and he was like for the life of me I can't understand why 10 minutes into the video this was a 20-minute video so 10 minutes in I lost 5% of viewers like 5% of people left and for his video with how many views he was getting that was like maybe 50,000 people clicking off the video at that point and he was like I don't understand it and I watched the video and on the surface there was nothing in it like he didn't like do a bad edit he didn't like bring in something really boring but what he did was he used language that made it feel like the video was ending so he said at the end of the day the reason America pulled out from Afghanistan because I think that was like the topic for the video he said at the end of the day and viewers heard that and they were like oh the video's over goodbye and when I brought up that point he's like that can't be right because they have like the progress bar so they would have known it wasn't the end I'm like dude have you seen someone watching YouTube they're like one swipe away from changing content all the time like you're hanging by a thread the entire time so if you give someone this indication that the video might be closing to an end so like another language like this is like you know um nevertheless like I hate that word because that like makes people think it's like a summary of the video and it's going to end so like to recap another thing I hate like whenever someone does that I just like feel like getting sick so little things like that you notice from studying retention curves and these are the little improvements where you're like okay well 5% of people left at that point in the video it might seem like a small amount but that's 50,000 people YouTube is about marginal gains it's also about marginal gains over competitors so two videos being side by side by each other if one video loses 5% at the 10-minute Mark and that's 5% of people that are not going to watch the next 10 minutes of content you compare that against the competitor who holds that that 5% you it might be the difference between the video getting one milon views and three milon views you know that sounds ridiculous and that's really kind of stretching but like these things really add up so these small improvements can make a big difference to to video performance 100% awesome so if there's um time we can jump into um next here which is just a a real quick cheat sheet on ideas so I've mentioned how important ideas are um a lot on this U podcast so far so I just want to really quickly like run through like basically how I think about it so this is like my diagram for sort of explaining how I think about adiation for YouTube first of all you have zero ideas at this point you're just trying to understand like your Strate stry for your channel so a lot of that is what's my Niche but also some of these Frameworks which I'm going to touch on in a second then you brainstorm 100 plus ideas whether that's in a week a month but just brainstorm 100 plus ideas ideally in a week then you apply elimination criteria it's classic funnel you're eliminating at this point then you're left with let's say 10 strong ideas and then you further develop one so sort of 0101 that is the framework I've used for most of the channels that we work with um the keys really are brainstorming enough and then having like a strict criteria for what actually becomes a video on your channel to eliminate and Whittle down those ideas to be left with the 10 best and then selecting the best out of those 10 you think is the best to go forward with two Frameworks that I find are really useful for this first one is CCN fit so what I noticed and this actually leads a little bit into your point earlier about like niches sub niches and then like what are Broad videos in a niche versus like core videos in a niche but generally when I'm ideating for a channel like I always want videos to have CCN fit I want them to be appealing to the core casual and new it's very simple in theory but like a lot of things on this call Simple in theory but execution is hard because what I find is oftentimes people make videos that are too core focused maybe the video we talked about earlier the marketing plan for 2025 it's to core people cared about it but only like a real small part of the core cared about it then other times people make videos that are too new viewer focused and they alienate the core they go too far outside of the core they're trying to do something too different and I always like to sort of look at my videos and say does this have CCN fit like does this hit my core casual new viewer um on my channel so I always like to say Does my like fan favorite viewer who watches everything I do are they going to like it and does this viewer who I have never heard before never watch my content before are they going to be able to enjoy and consume this content as well so I think that's a really important framework to think about and then I would say this is arguably the most important to understand on YouTube and it's where almost everyone goes wrong in my opinion which is I like to build channels where each video I look at it and say does this have 80% plus I should actually add like a plus there because videos can have higher than that audience overlap so I don't want to make two videos like everyone thinks okay I understand the niche thing I should be in a niche I should be a sushi restaurant doesn't serve burgers whatever but then they still make content that jumps around too much between different things they jump around to Too Much between different topics like maybe it's you're a business Channel but you're covering videos that focus on like startups and then you make videos that focus on like cash flow business that do 10 million a year that are already existing and you don't make that interestes to the startup audience or whatever so I always like to look at the content and say 80% plus overlap we have to look at our videos and say people that watch this video 80% plus of those people could watch this video could watch this video video could watch this video could watch this video and look at it like a catalog in that sense um and yeah I find a lot of people just don't really grasp that um as a as a concept which is really interesting that's what I'm talking about man I feel like I'm not doing enough ideas I'm looking at this I'm I I I'm like I'm the idea guy and I'm not doing enough ideas you know like I feel like you do really what I'm learning from you just taking me through this is you have to force your you have to you know force yourself is the wrong word maybe add systems so that you're you're really putting out the ideas it's it does feel like a volume game yeah like this to me a scheduled time it's I think so many people just do ideation where they do like shower thought ideation which is like I'm going for a walk I'm in the shower I think of an idea write it down in my notes app and that's something but I like to schedule idea time um and I also like to use other people a lot for this as well where I remember like working for a channel one point and I would like send them like three outliers or send this sorry not them but this college kid that went to the college I used to go to three ideas and then I would be like these three ideas work for us brainstorm 50 ideas similar to this for each of these ideas he come back with 15 ideas I'd pay him $40 I would look at the ideas I would go through and they' be mainly dog [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] but there'll be some in there that jump out there'll be something in there that sort of has like a kernel or something I can I can work with so I like to do this myself but I also like to bring in other people for this and I've worked with big credits before that have like a Discord Channel where in the Discord Channel or the slack Channel whatever it might be if it's a community thing School Circle whatever you're using for Community you have a channel where people like contribute their own ideas as well and it's almost like how do we just have this huge fun that's capturing ideas from everywhere so I want the shower thoughts I want the walk in the park and I think of an idea I want those I also want the schedule idea time I want the idea if I have a producer an assistant producer has joined one of our uh teams that we work with who has never done YouTube before and just is like hey I just hold the camera I'm like I still want you to come up with ideas and see what happens because I'm a big believer that like anyone can come up with like an interesting idea for for YouTube video and some sometimes a benefit in someone that's outside of your your world as well I was thinking of putting on my website greenberg.com a little suggestion box like a Content suggestion box or people can just give me suggestions on what they want to hear um so I'm going to try to do that and I think that getting the communities what they want to hear about is just no-brainer um so if you apply your criteria filter though because the classic like if I had asked people in 19 10 you know what they wanted they'd say a faster horse in car so if you have that's why the system of having the elimination criteria is so essential because I've found the flip side where like people listen to their audience too much and the audience were near always say more of this of something you've already done you know or or like they just say you should do something like this again and you know that might be a good idea but maybe there's something else that exists out there 100% And and sometimes you actually get community feedback and you're like oh no not at all I don't want to do that like I want to do the opposite of that and it just like clears mind um but either way if it's good feedback or bad feedback you're still really it does help sharpen sharpen uh ideas th% um to me there's like three main sources of ideas for YouTube channels so external sources this is basically like outlier outlier Theory outlow ideation which is looking at other channels um we've talked about this throughout this podcast but using tools like view stats one of 10 even just looking at YouTube yourself seeing what's working there's so many levels this can go to like another thing I've done in the past is create a a dummy YouTube account and then only watch my channel on that YouTube account and then see what videos I get recommend recommended because YouTube's algorithm can serve you videos you might not have seen otherwise because let's say I'm a channel that just does startup ideas um you still probably watch other things in your watch History that aren't just startup ideas and that's going to pollute your recommendation feed to a certain extent because it's tailored to you but if you create a channel that just watches your channel you're kind of getting your your viewers like archetype and seeing what they they might be watching in other ways um so external ideation internal ideation that's like looking at our own channel what's worked for us what's doing well for us on the channel what's getting views on the channel right now can we brainstorm more ways of doing ideas around that and then Innovation is you know the classic kind of like blue ocean sit down like what could be cool like no I'm a big believer that nothing is ever completely original there's always going to be some way that got impacted or molded by something else but more so you're not looking at a video for inspiration you're kind of like just sitting down maybe you're looking at like a show or something or a movie and you're like oh that could be cool to do a YouTube video on or whatnot but if you're using those three sources and maybe it's like 40 4020 like 40 ideas coming from external 40 from internal 20 from Innovation something like that you can mix and match those ratios but if you're brainstorming a large volume 1101 you're just going to be in a much better place um as a Channel The crucial step here as part of this process is your elimination criteria to me that's like four or five things that you sit down and decide a video needs to have to get to the next level to get to the point where you're even choosing like when I have these 100 200 whatever thousand ideas in spreadsheet they're not even at the point of choosing they're just at the point of okay you're ready to go into the elimination criteria to me the elimination criteria four or five points I'll give you some examples of like what we do with clients so one thing I would always put in the elimination criteria is can I think of a good title for M for this it annoys me and people say I've got this great idea but I can't title thumbil that I would always say well you don't have a great idea then like that's not a great idea for YouTube If you can't title F unless you just can't think of one there is one out there but if you can't realistically in your head find a way to package it it's not a good YouTube video so that could be one and you'd be amazed you might have 200 videos in a spreadsheet you apply that filter of like could we actually come with a good tile th suddenly you have 40 and you're like oh okay I've got rid of a lot um another filter is the view Target filter which I really like which is a bit of gut but it's like hey like realistically could this video Get x views so for me on my channel when I made my own videos it was can this video get 1 million views and if you look at my channel the average is around 1 million a lot of videos didn't get 1 million but I always tried to make videos that I thought if it everything went well this video could get 1 million views for other channels that might be 10K 5K 20K for you maybe it's less about views and more about can this get x amount of positive comments or whatever it might be but some sort of like aspirational Target because it's amazing how many times we justify a video but then if we put it through that filter saying let's be real here like could this get this viewership it's too much of a just a I'm not sure you know you're never going to be guaranteed but like as an example I made a video on my channel where I covered Graeme Stefan who's a finance YouTuber I broke my rule because Graham Stefan on his own channel was doing 300K views per video so me making a video brainstorming how Graham stefen grew his channel it's probably not going to get one many views a video so that's a case of like you can kind of some basic logic to be like it's probably not going to get my view Target so I think those are two examples other examples might be like more kind of like holistic like does this excite us Is it feasible like is it physically feasible like you know I did a BMX trick shot on the moon is a viral idea but it's not feasible so can we actually do this video is it something that excites us maybe have some other things in there but basically four or five points that you can use to whittle down an idea to make a great idea for your child um I think important and then some things that I think make a great idea so easy to convey entitle Thum now like I said if you can't convey an entitle it's not necessarily a great idea how some form of uniqueness superlative like so often when people are pitching ideas to us I'm sort of like okay like we're going to do a facility of like an interesting let's say we're doing a we're a wildlife Channel and we're going to like tour Zoo I'm always looking and saying like is it the world's best zoo is it the world's biggest zoo is it the world's uh most expensive Zoo is there something unique about this zoo that we can title the video around because otherwise you know what's what's unique about the video if you look at the mostar videos on YouTube they always have something that's a bit unique or different or they use a superlative like you know can you bend the world's strongest bear it's not can you bend the strong barar it's can you bend the world's strongest bear as a strength challenge so always looking for superlatives I think is really important um something to to think about really heavily is like does it play on a competitive Advantage I have so with channels I always like to identify what are your competitive advantages like what are the things that you can make content on that other people can't that could be a competitive Advantage from knowledge and experience like hey like I'm a multimillionaire so obviously I can teach people about building businesses or personal finance or maybe it's I have specific access to something that other people don't like you know a great example is we work with a basketball Creator jesser and when we're brainstorming I'm looking and saying can we play on competitive Advantage because his competitive Advantage is he knows players and he has access to the the NBA like they give them access to games so just a random Creator can't really do that like you can't come up with an idea and saying I got to gift LeBron James shoes which is an idea we did that did 10 million views because you don't have access to LeBron James whereas we do so like playing on competitive advantages I think is is great and that doesn't have to always be things that are impossible to get doesn't have to be just money it could be like you have specific expertise or knowledge on something that other people don't um and kind of on the same CCN fit idea not too narrow um but also not too broad we don't want something that's so Broad and like could be anything we also don't want something that's so specific in Niche that it's only atti appealing to like a certain percentage of the audience cool yeah I know uh I'm happy you said that the unfair Advantage doesn't necessarily need to mean you're like super powerful wealthy crushing it I think I I do think that anyone could have you know some form of that it's just about packaging it in a way that that is your unfair Advantage yeah totally and then moving on quickly to just some things on packaging um it's a bit of a packaging cheat sheet so again packaging to for Mel this is like interesting with our discussion earlier which is the the kind of like the line between boring and misleading which is where I feel like all title Ms on YouTube fall on you're going to be somewhere between being boring not interesting which is potentially what you had with the example of like the broccoli the vegetables example misleading that to me is when you're putting something in the video that is or in the thumbil and you're Crea an expectation that's just not delivered on at all and I think people are sometimes too afraid to be on this side but again if we just look at the game the game is the game you look at the biggest creators on the platform they almost exaggerate and mislead a little bit but then they deliver something so good that you don't even know about it don't even think about it so isn't a great example of this actually we did a video with Noah Kagan which was asking millionaires how how to make a million dollars knocking on doors we kind of like made we're one of the channels that made that format really popular and in the video we didn't have a good thumbnail so Noah if I remember correctly like had a friend this girl we just shot the thumbnail with like Noah like facing this girl who wasn't even in the video she wasn't in the video it was just a random um girl that was in the thumbnail and that's the person we used for the thumbnail the video got four or five million views I didn't notice a single comment saying that person wasn't in the thumbnail because I think the average viewer on YouTube looks at a thumbnail for a split second and goes is this interesting or is this not interesting most as creators we overanalyze it too much we think about all the details we want to be like careful not to clickbait which is good it comes from a good place but the average viewer is like wait Mr Beast gold jet click started watching the video and it's like uh you watch the video you finish the video and you can't even remember what the thumbnail was in fact if we actually think about it at this point of this podcast I don't know how much this is going to be edited down by but let's say we're at like the the 1 hour 20 Mark of this podcast or whatever if we sort of ask people what was the thumbnail for this video I guarantee you very few people are going to remember what was said in the thumbnail maybe we should replace instead of having Patty as the thumbnail we'll just put a girl and see if anyone like Patty like P A TTY y you know yeah and and just like put we'll use AI to make uh long hair yeah and and who knows who knows who knows who knows but yeah exaggeration it's a standard on the platform I think misleading someone is the wrong way to view it but exaggerating the truth a little bit it's just the game make three thumbs per video still not enough people do this like every I feel like everyone who listens to people like me talk about YouTube like hear this but they don't do it or they find ways to cheat which is like I'll make three thumbnails per video Don't You Worry Patty but the thumbnail is like the same thumbnail with just different text I'm like that's not three different thumbnails that's just the same thumbnail with slightly different text like I'm talking about three different concepts the thumbnail is the equivalent of the dentist asking if you floss twice a day yeah and it's like you tell them yeah of course I floss twice a day and then you see the look on the dentist's face and like she's she's like there's no way this guy is flossing twice a day I I've seen I've I've seen this guy's teeth you know I've seen those gums you know maybe you're flossing three times a week on a good week yeah that's thumbnails I love that analogy that's totally true um learn basic Photoshop study outli thumbnails and being good at graphic design is not equal good at thumbnails so again people sort of like I don't have time to master graphic design but it's like it's more about looking at what's working on YouTube and just learning how to replicate it rather than like you know learning all this Advanced Photoshop work um and yeah like like we said earlier there definitely is like a market for thumb my designers um out there and there's a lot of designers of different price points that people could could bring in and it's one of those things where like again people like will spend money on editors and spend money on like production and all this sort of stuff but thumbnails is kind of an underutilized uh use of of money resources time when it comes to YouTube when it comes to great packaging some things I think about um titles keep them under 60 seconds use like easy language like easy to understand language see if you can use like superlatives or like things in your tile that make it unique and different to other videos on YouTube something I always think about even if you are a search based channel is to focus on human interest not algorithm so without naming names of tools there's been tools in the past that have been like hey like we'll help you optimize your title for search engine and then I look at the titles people write with these tools and it's like iPhone 12 review 2025 check out this iPhone 12 it's like it's not even real like I don't know what you're saying so I always like to focus on writing a title for a human like with some clients I'll Lally say like what would a like what would a an Uber driver describe this thing as like could that be our title or like how could you put it in the most simple language possible so focus on the human not an algorithm if you do focus on search like you can still incorporate key terms like your your key wordss in your title while not making it like a gobble deg of different things I think that's uh really important to understand example I use here which I'll just make a bit bigger for everyone um so this is with two Austin based creators and Ryan Tran and Haley Pam and if you look at their title it's X dancer trains like a marathon runner and it seems simple right it's it's very simple easy to read read and if you run it through like a readability score it gets a grade A it basically says Hey like seven 8 yearolds can read this um to find that it's like 100% reach with this specific readability score you can just type in readability score to like find these tools and just for fun I was like well what if you like titled it more accurate to what the video was and it was like X contemporary dancer trains like a D1 athlete if you change that video title to that suddenly it gets a great grade e it has 33% reach um and you know a thing I would actually say which is really interesting as well is like if you're trying to build a global audience and you are American sometimes things that are very like obvious and feel like everyone knows that to you might not be to other parts of the world which is still a huge market so for example D1 athlete I don't until I moved to America I didn't necessarily know what a D1 athlete meant you know we just call them like a college athlete in Ireland like i' never heard of that or like someone's like uh talking about Goodwill I'm like I've never heard of Goodwill I don't know what Goodwill is like now I do but I didn't know before so just putting yourself through that lens and saying is this Universal can like a seven-year-old read this title I would even argue for like a channel which has like a a much older demographic like your channel I'm sure has a much older demographic than something like this I still think it's useful to be able to like put things into really simple English and just make things like consumable um for the for viewer thumnails always keep them clear bright should be easy to see what's going on in the thumbnail I think there's like an interesting thing which is like this idea of like a glance test and you can actually do this yourself you can create like a just open up a Google slide put your thumbnail on one the slides put the second slide is just a white screen and then just use your arrows and just quickly click between them and give yourself like a second to just look at the thumbnail and say can I process this thumbnail and this title in a second we as creators are making thumbnails in canva Photoshop we're obsessing over all these details your viewer looks at them for split seconds and people sometimes deny that I'm like look at your own viewership Behavior look at how you consume YouTube like when I'm looking through YouTube I'm just like oh interesting click it doesn't I'm not looking at going like let me read everything let me look at every detail so keep it really simple make sure it passes the glance test that's a really important one shouldn't be text Heavy um I try to limit text it's interesting different cultures are different here so for example I've noticed in Asian markets so like Singapore different countries like that they use more text than English-speaking um markets and and Spanish speaking markets but in general for a thumbnail it should be about four or five words should be your cut off point for how much words you put in the fil M and ideally less um sometimes people just put way too much text in there like you have a title and you have all this text in your th M it's too much for someone to read in a glance um and then one other thing I would share with your audience which I think is really useful is the three Focus area rule which basically for a thumbnail there shouldn't be more than three things the viewer has to focus on that's the cut off point there should be either only one two or three things to focus on so maybe that's like a face a piece of text and the thing that's being held up to the camera you know whatever that might be what you'll see is people try to jam so much stuff in they have like someone here theyve text here they have a logo here they have this thing here and it's like too many things to focus on at once so the best thumbs are very simple and just keep you focused on the main areas an example of this like with a client like this is one we did with a personal finance client we work with super simple background you know four words you've been lied to which is outlier text like we saw this performing really well on another thumbnail that got like 10 million views for a very small Channel you've been lied to that video was about the dodo's extinction so the bird and how it went extinct you've been lied to I was like let's take it for this you've been lied to about housing so you've been lied to in Tex there house on fire Remy his expression kind of matching what the video is that sounds like an obvious thing but you'd be amazed at how many people cover like serious topics and they're just like smiling in the thumbnail it's like weird um title is like simple to understand but has like an interesting proof Point multi-millionaire interesting contradiction like why don't you own a house as a multimillionaire so all these details out of together and also notice three Focus areas face text house you're not having to look at a million things super easy thumbnail that was the first video we posted with him and it did two million views um so yeah that's a bit of a a cheat sheet on on fil mails and and titles as well a bit a bit of a cheat sheet that's an understatement thank you dude you've been really generous with your time and knowledge thank you so much for people who made it to the end where could where could they get to know Patty more I think X is is the place and Patty g96 six I I tweet a lot there I'm always uh looking what Greg's doing and thinking how I can adapt it to the the YouTube side of of Twitter um so that's the best place um and I I think you've got a really interesting audience and if anyone does have like startup ideas they want to run bu me or anything around this space like I think there's so much room to build uh in this industry and I think the issue is a lot of people just build the wrong things they try to solve the wrong problem for creators so um it's been a pleasure I really it flew by I didn't realize we were here for for near two hours I was looking outside and I noticed that when we started recording it was light and now it's dark so um it's it's good I think people you know in 90 minutes or so people can actually go through this and and really have a good primer around and plan to to actually go and execute their YouTube channel I think that YouTube is criminally underrated for entrepreneurs I think we all go to a lot of a lot of us go to like X and and Linkedin and places like that but I'm happy you you shared the gospel and and Patty I'll uh I'll see you on X totally 100% pleasure later take care

  Top Comments:
  1. @GregIsenberg [39 likes]: new character unlocked youtube god paddy galloway like/comment to let me know if i should keep doing this sorta stuff
  2. @JazminBautista [13 likes]: Honestly I loved all the value that was brought but I can’t stand the host. Your energy is so off like dude you’re interviewing one of the best strategists 😭😭😭
  3. @thiagosaramago [8 likes]: I’d love to see you give your guests more space to speak without overshadowing them with your own experiences and opinions. As a host especially when inviting someone with such a wealth of insight it’s often best to let them “cook” while you create a comfortable space for them to share as many tips and stories as possible, without steering everything back to your own perspective. This conversation had great potential to unfold into something even more valuable, and I think that extra breathing room would have really let it shine. You’re already doing great work just imagine how much more amazing it can get!
  4. @thesparklabofficial [2 likes]: I love to see a video like this not get traction. 31k in 4 months.  Imagine all your competitors not watching
  5. @WorldWithoutWeb [1 likes]: Watched this video again after almost a year, and it still gave me lots of new knowledge.  Kudos to both Greg and Paddy/
  6. @ankitaaarya [1 likes]: why are you so low on energy greg, this is first video, propable i am watching of yours, you sound like youre high on pot, or didnt had sleep well. you brain was foggy , unable to express what you want to say, saying things with so much friction, things you were saying sounded inauthentic. i know people have ups and downs in their life and i dont want to be judgemental of you, i am just expressing my opinion. and  hope you were okay.
  7. @YRWHR [1 likes]: The host should just let Paddy give his ideas, he keeps interrupting with his own beliefs. This is like watching someone who figured out youtube and one who thinks he figured it out, kinda, but not really. Thank you tho, I just needed to skip your babbling especially about Brocolli and just stick to Paddy.
  8. @PatricMelander [1 likes]: So many golden nuggets! Love the idea of creating a dummy account to find out what other channels and videos you get recommended from watching your own stuff👌Thank you guys for sharing!
  9. @DustDirtTruth: I might make my next video: 200 videos and I've learned nothing!!!
  10. @leobrennauer: 13:20 I have a question: I sometimes feel when creators jump into the comments replying to all sorts of comments, they kinda prevent conversations to be started because some people might think they don’t have something to contribute especially when the creator himself has already replied to a comment. I don’t think that’s the case for bigger creators but for smaller, mid sized I sometimes feel this way. So subsequently wouldn’t it be wiser to kinda take a more passive approach to your own comment section contrary to what many yt coaches tell you: „reply to every comment“. Thanks! 😊
  11. @marcolobo9798: could you make his google doc availabkle?:)
  12. @FOI07: You purchase paddy galloway 8 week YouTube cohort?
  13. @ExtraXPPodcast: Your sound is terribly linked
  14. @vargatibor5094: Thanks guys🥂
  15. @max.weissenbaeck: This is so valuable. Thanks for bringing Paddy and his sauce to the pod! I really would love to see a podcast with all of the YouTube tools and the automation that finds formats in your niche would be awesome. Maybe I will create that if it hasn’t been build yet haha
  16. @TheFirst1s: To say YouTube doesn’t look at comments for algorithm that’s a complete lie my most 2 viewed videos where pushed by my comments section. I had a YouTube short that had 20k views for 3 months kids started playing a game in my comment section and everyone joined in and it took my video from 20k views to 3.5 million views
  17. @fastbreakdigital: What an incredible episode. Full of actionable content from The world leader in YouTube content creation. Thank you for bringing the 🔥🔥 Greg!
  18. @biaaancoaching: Thanks guys, great video!  💪🙏
  19. @TotalS.A.Corretora: thanks
  20. @PsychicBii: Don't make burger in a sushi restaurant🤣

- How To Come Up With VIRAL Ideas Like Mr Beast, Paddy Galloway, and more!: Kind: captions Language: en my name is vexi and I've helped my clients get over 2.5 billion long-term views on YouTube and my current client portfolio does roughly a 100 million views a month and there's one strategy that I use that's helped me beat 99% of the competition from all other strategists and individual YouTubers in the same Niche and this strategy is my personal strategy that I've developed over the past few years called presence of mine ideation now let's break down what presence of mine ideation is and how you can use it to potentially regrow your channel much faster and way more easily so presence of Mind ideation is pretty simple all it is in essence is it's things that are present of mind that you can leverage for your viewers if you want an exact definition it's topics ideas movements people or just kind of anything that takes up bandwidth subconsciously or consciously in a potential viewer's mind a great example of this is going to be Fern Fern does presence of Mind ideation incredibly well mapping the Trump shooting so 4 days after the Trump shooting they did a classic video in their Fern style where they made a video about an event that was topical and the reason why it was topical is because obviously it's massive news it's everywhere on social media and in the news and it's going to be present of your mind consciously or subconsciously it's also going to reach outside of just any market right it's going to be able to penetrate interest markets outside of their typical Thea and stories because it's topical for on world has massive repercussions Mr Beast if I go to more Pegasus there's been recent Mr Beast drama and because there's been Mr Beast drama uh more Pegasus has been grinding it out because Mr Beast is present of mind you can social hack social hacking is also present present in mind because that individual person that you're social hacking is present in mind same thing with Trend jacking you can jack specific Trends because they might be popular and might be present of mind to that specific audience that you are trying to get so you can jack a trend and ride the wave up I can maybe show you examples of trend jacking later so mainly presence in mind is going to be social hacking Trend jacking uh event hacking or just anything that's like kind of an interest uh Topic at the point um so yeah this is a big thing here obviously uh more Pegasus has made generational wealth from the just spamming the drama because the drama is present in mind to all of the audience of not only YouTube because he's obviously the biggest star but he's also social hacking as well and also Trend jacking because it's trendy to talk about it so it's like all three or it's a major event that people know about uh it's going to be present in a lot of people's mind consciously or subconsciously it's going to be hey Mr be's face I'm going to click outside of that also trending format thumbnail but the thumbnail format we're not going to talk about that and everything in between next up is D so this is an example of social hacking Mak some great content uh and this is not related to the Mr Beast drama but an interesting thing that can happen is if you do social hack someone and they do end up getting drama you can kind of get some trickle down views through the fact that hey you've social hacked that person in the past and they're now present of mind so you can kind of get an influx in things a good example of that is I used to work with Jack sepai he had a video that was a Titanic horror game video and when the uh Ocean Gate incident happened where there was a like little like submarine that went down to the Titanic and un imploded that video like jumped in views like millions and millions of views because people were interested in that topic they were watching The Ocean Gate topic and then just by you know whatever reason because it was everywhere on the news people that watched Jack Septic Kai's Channel got recommended that video again because they had watched this video so YouTube used that as a touch point to be like oh you might be interested in this video they watched that was you know kind of reverse pres of Mind ideation that's actually a little bit different in terms of like suggested we're not going to talk about that but it's interesting like the Ocean Gate stuff happened that everyone did Ocean Gate videos and because it was pres of Mind did really well so I mean I can even show you that here if I do Ocean Gate I should probably put my keyboard up a little bit so I can see it um Ocean Gate uh like Recreation like a year ago did incredibly well uh this like videoa on it really well engineering did really well these are all massive outliers for these guys uh um just because it was super present of mind they just kind of like farmed on it really easily uh so outside of that we can go to lessons in M culture this is a great guy so this guy talks about uh memes so you know pres of Mind things can be people it can be ideas it can be events it can be movements so memes are generally like movements or ideas or something that's like interesting so for example like some of these you know might not make sense Ronaldo broke YouTube yeah he did kind of break YouTube is that really that interesting I don't know the brother may I see my oats I've seen this everywhere on Twitter I've seen the circles everywhere on Twitter I love this Meme and uh people that are interested in these that like you know morbidly uh are online they consume them like this is stuff that or terminally online rather and consume these memes they'll probably see it on YouTube like oh it's present mine I'm G to click on it because I'm familiar with it right and a nice advantage of things being present in mind it's going to lower the barrier of Entry to attention to getting a view so this is the exact strategy that I've used on couch C for example where I have built out this like you know kind of repertoire of doing things present of mind now these two are outlier ideation which is not present of mind I'm kind of Shifting that Focus just because it's really hard to keep up in a competitive market where games release so quickly to make a piece of quality content in a time frame that makes sense to kind of Leverage that presence of Mind stuff and in some cases like the eldering video it can massively backfire that being said uh things that I did that were present of M so this was the pressing decline of Call of Duty which is with this this was also databack but it was also present of mind because we knew for a fact uh this is how the community was feeling which was a movement a sentiment was present of Mind same thing with the Rainbow Six Siege was almost in the number one FPS this is where you're tapping into Nostalgia so again presence of mind doesn't have to be actively on top of your mind it just has to be in your mind in some way whether that be subconsciously as well uh an active presence of Mind play was more of the hell dver 2 change gaming forever and the Channel these were things that were definitively already out in the world they were already picking up a lot of traction and we timed it in such a way that they blew up outside of that something else is present on mind but in a little bit of a different strategy is the Grim philosophy of Couture anytime a piece of Star Wars media comes out which is often thanks to Disney absolutely destroying the license due to either shows or movies that are not very good consistently coming out people who have an affinity for Star Wars and who have played Couture might watch this video this video also I will show I I will say is an outliner in terms of length it has double the average length of every video on the channel so that has also helping it drive views pretty consistently duee to being recommended more to TV which again was part of the actual internal strategy for that specific video because we knew the audiences that were familiar with Star Wars are going to be a little bit older and going to be consuming content on TV because they're going to be watching the Star Wars show on TV or the Star Wars movie on TV um so that way we kind of like leveraged we played into that so that's like more of like a massively high level metal strategy something that you can steal as well but the end of the diet presence of mind works out like this let's say you know there is you know this is like the interest bar graph right of something right okay and this is like week one and this is also something that I have to kind of point out uh week one then we have week two right presence of mind is also unfortunately a little bit cyclical in the sense that it's kind of time based there's there's a concept that I call time decay in terms of ideation where some ideas only make sense to do right away where others make sense to do a little bit later presence of Mind ideation really does kind of come down to time Decay unless you're doing social hacking which is a little bit different your time Decay is essentially much longer because the shelf life of the person that you're social hacking uh is relevant so for example if I did a video on the Undertaker I can like maybe like social hack that a little bit for an older audience if was doing like a wrestling ask video um but if I'm doing something that's more aligned with like uh Apple Vision Pro which popped off uh earlier this year which I can show you that way Apple Vision Pro it is something that had a Time decay of like pretty fast um like two weeks right like all these videos like did like if I open up Maris who's a great YouTuber I love Maris by the way um if I go here and I go to like popular uh one of his most popular videos right it's like a massive outlier and he might have even melted it for like two or three videos knowing him um yes we meled it for like three videos and as you can see like every subsequent version of that video did more and more poorly besides the Apple Pro unboxing that was did okay and then they they proceeded to do worse and worse over time H and the main reason for that is like a it's time Decay but also there's like audience fatigue um but yeah mostly like time Decay so like week two um and this is like mostly going to be focused on and we'll do like week I don't know week three right week three so this is g to be like events so presence of Mind ideation does suffer from the fact that it has a kind of inverse time decay in the sense that where over time depending on the event the thing that's happening that you're trying to tap into you're going to get diminishing returns so it's better to capitalize it on it quickly the issue with capitalizing it on quickly is that you're are most likely going to be destroying your quality like uh like you're going to be like saving time uh but like not at the cost of quality right at the expense of quality which depending on your channel might actually be worced in in another sense where it's like if you're known for putting out high quality stuff and then you put out stuff that is lower quality there's a potential issue there I'm not even G to get into that that's like another video on its own yeah so like that's just kind of something to know about also if you do a strategy like I'm doing where you're doing like kind of like a dormant thing uh where like you have these Evergreen um presence of Mind ideation where it's like you're waiting for things like hit over and over and over again over time uh you also face a potential issue that you might not hit as consistently as you would like so for example the Counterstrike stuff every time there's going to be an update to Counter-Strike whether it be like a let's say renewed interest for external interest from let's say a major or let's say there's going to be an operation in Counter Strike then I'm going to get a little bit of a bump as people come back into the game which is going to be quite nice um so that's cool but the inverse issue of presence of Mind ideation is that everyone does it right so for example if I look at like let's say social hacking or just kind of like you know uh Authority hacking is also kind of a presence of mind that's besides the point like social hacking with like Mr Beast right we've got Mr Beast okay so I've got Mr Beast right here okay this is cool but there's a large amount of saturation in the Mr Beast Market as well right so like the saturation for Mr Beast is probably like I'll just do like a little arrow here where it's like left side zero saturation right side is 100 saturation it's probably at like 95 saturation where it's like it's going to be really really really hard to stand out in the Mr Beast kind of like era by using him to like social hack him for example there are definitely ways to do it and like adjacent ways to do it so for example I have a good friend called justic uh maybe you have heard of it by land Hopkins uh which knowing I don't know if he knows this or he probably does I mean he's he's a genius he's one of my favorite YouTube strategists currently out um but yeah one of the things that he does is he does like we're The Losers of Mr Beast where he's like tying in like an interesting aspect like an outlier format with uh social hacking and you can leverage that to the correct audience uh the satisfying downfall of Nadia war zone cheatah right so like the satisfying downfall is something that's worked like really well Nadia at the time was super present of mine so you're actually like you know leveraging the fact that you have an outlier format with a present of mine event so all these things work out really really really really well sometimes they don't though because you can also kind of hallucinate presence of Mind where and what I mean by hallucinate presence of mind is let's say you are a subject matter expert right so like you are a smei subject matter expert you are going to have an innate bias to whatever that you're talking about or that you have an understanding of so like I say I'm a subject matter expert on gaming uh which is why I had a kind of an in like a an inate bias on other ring actually change gaming forever which like it's proven format right so I'm doing you know a proven format proven format right and it's present to mind which is like a massive criteria for me when it comes up with ideation on this channel at the time um presence of mind and because I am these what you have is you actually have a blind bias blind bias where because it's meeting my criteria I'm not looking at the non-factor criteria so like let's say it's meeting like my initial criteria so I just like blindly push it through of my innate bias because I'm a subject matter expert in the specific which is the only downside presence of Mind ideation where you might Focus really really really really really hard on something that makes a lot of sense to you you're seeing it trending in your Niche because you understand this is present mind you can see like people talking about it whatever um kind of metrics you use to determine this is a present aine thing or present a mind event or social acing whatever it may be and then from there you have a blind bias like I'm going to do it without actually looking at external factors like oh like maybe this is a Time related thing right or maybe this is an event that actually doesn't make sense for my core audience or maybe because this is such a massive outl in terms of presence of Mind ideation people might actually be focusing their attention somewhere else for this uh specific interest or attention uh so they might actually not watch your videos this is what happened to the uh this video right here which I actually thought was quite good so yeah there's there's like a lot of issues with presence of M idation I won't I won't lie um but it can actually work uh very very well in terms of like let's say interest markets and things like that uh and there's also like you know a decent amount of ways that you can leverage it in terms of like like say I said social hacking event hacking and there's event going on that's kind of what like I said Fern did here and Fern's really good about it you can also leverage it with popular formats or winning formats like Jus has done Leander and you'll find out it wins really well that way uh it's also really good to tie into news as well so you can kind of Leverage the news in certain degrees to really kind of push out your content uh same thing with like present mind ideation also goes for the same way with thumbnails so for example if I do oh yeah so Nick Alma I'm at the I prank the most racist man right so obviously it's a working format but another way that you can utilize presence of mind idation also extends to the thumbnails where using the BBC thumbnail uh is technically present in mind because I'm sure you've probably seen it you've seen similar news headers so you can use that functionally to get interest from the viewer like oh I'm familiar with this so by using that presence of mind it actually helps lower the barrier of Entry to attention which is something that we could probably talk about on its own in another video but essentially like before a viewer clicks there is this barrier of Entry to attention and they have to get through this barrier of Entry of attention to click the video right so this is the barrier of Entry right this is the viewer's attention so like viewer attention so that's the viewer attention this is the barrier of entry and this is the video right video yay this is the video before they they watch the video they have to get through the barrier of inry attention and then once you're in the video there's like multiple of these barrier of entries uh of attention throughout uh which is where like retention strategy actually comes in handy really well which is something that Mario knows quite a bit about uh and you have to like kind of lead them through these barriers of Entry that's how you kind of avoid drop off um but by you can lower that barrier of Entry of attention just a little bit by doing something that's familiar with them and things that are familiar with them are likely things are present of mind or they have an innate understanding understanding of because they're familiar with it Nico being someone who's from London and has a probably large UK audience would have known what the BBC is before it gets pushed out to a wider audience because it's such a good idea yeah it makes a lot of sense to leverage that and that's going to be like a geolocational thing where he's tapping the presence of mind of his core audience early on based on geolocation to then push it out to a further audience later which also would probably know about it because they can see similarities with their own stuff that's like some really high level stuff uh if you want to do that uh I don't know if it makes the most sense to it it kind of does I have a whole like U thumbnail uh like thing coming out on Twitter eventually which is going to break down like all the specific thumbnails and how you can potentially use present M ideation through uh social hacking via Brands to lower the barrier of Entry click to certain audiences that could be kind of good um to talk about yeah I thought I'd bring that up in terms of thumbnails as well which is also why social hacking works why we have Mr Beast in the darah thumbnails uh why the like this makes a lot of sense for licens to meme culture why he you know using the meme in that um so I thought this was really interesting it's a really high level stuff that no one talks about again because it is complex and this is also my kind of school of ideation that I've developed and pioneered over over the time if you see anyone saying pres of Mind ideation that isn't me call them out uh don't call them out feel free to use it and and utilize it yeah I thought I talked about that it neatly wraps up things like social hacking uh event hacking interest hacking as well um and Trend jacking as well is another big one if there's a trend you can ride the trend which is also what less than meme culture done because the memes in themselves are movements they're also trends that you can then pack and get back up so yeah again uh super high level YouTube strategy stuff that no one really talks about um and thought i' I'd bring it up as well as some of the issues and the downsides as well as also how I kind of look at YouTube and I think and you know you see all these like really kind of complex Advanced strategies all this is going on my head 247 uh For Better or For Worse and they're all like interconnected so what I'm explaining to you which might look complex there's way more stuff going on that I just do subconsciously at this point for clients and it is it's pretty cool stuff so I thought I'd you know share it and maybe you guys could utilize this to get more views on your channel if you also another way to get more views on your channel the best way to do that is to hire me and my team at one of 10 I'm the head of strategy for one of 10 managing a client portfolio of over 22 clients that have uh like in my career so far 2.5 billion longterm views my current client portfolio does over 100 million views a month pretty comfortably it's actually probably closer to 250 million views a month if I'm being honest uh and if you want to work with me it costs $1,500 uh per month minimum three months upfront is the lowest package uh and if you are really serious about this stuff and you do want to take your YouTube to the next level and you have the funds to do it hit me up we have varying packages that scale from $1,500 a month all the way up to to uh much much more and with that you can get some very white glove services that we do on YouTube that no one else does uh so let me know if you're interested in that if not I hope you can take what I taught you in this video and use that to come up with vital ideas for your channel to hopefully one day get big enough to work with me it's been vexing guys I hope you enjoyed this see you later

  Top Comments:
  1. @BlueWaveBaseball: thank God these videos are back, been waiting for the return
  2. @ActiveOnMarathon: Great content ❤

- How the US Is Destroying Young People’s Future | Scott Galloway | TED: Kind: captions Language: en My name is Scott Galloway, I teach at NYU, and I appreciate your time. I have 44 slides and 720 seconds. Let's light this candle. (Laughter) OK so for those of you who don't know me, I'm actually a global television store. True story. I've had four TV series in the last three years. Two of them have been canceled before they were launched, and two were canceled within six weeks. Let's recap. (Video) If we want to juice this thing, if we want to put a cattle prod up the ass of the economy. Bloomberg. The most trusted name in financial news. Not for long. Andrew Yang: I'm going to do whatever I can for this country of ours. Scott Galloway: Jesus, come on, dude, you’re 0 for two. (Video ends) Face for podcasting. So first insight of the day. I'd like to be the first person to welcome you to the last TED. OK. By the way, it's clear -- what's it called? What are we here for? “The Brave and the Brilliant?” It's clear that Chris is a frustrated soap opera producer. Essentially what we have here is a telenovela where, after a night of unbridled passion between Bill Gates and Malcolm Gladwell, they give birth to their bastard love child, Simon Sinek. OK, I start us with a question. Do we love our children? Sounds like an illegitimate question, right? Well, I'm going to try and convince you otherwise. Essentially, as we go down generations, we're seeing that for the last two generations, people are making less money on an inflation-adjusted basis. In addition, the cost of buying a home, the cost of pursuing education, continues to skyrocket. So the purchasing power, the prosperity, is inversely correlated to age. Simply put, as we get younger, we're taking away opportunity and prosperity from our youngest. The social contract that is now no longer in place and for the first time in the US's history, a 30-year-old is no longer doing as well as his or her parents were at 30. This is a breakdown in the fundamental agreement we have with any society, and it creates rage and shame. (Applause) As a result, people over the age of 55 feel pretty good about America, but less than one in five people under the age of 34 feel very good about America. This creates an incendiary. Righteous movements, cuts to our society end up becoming opportunistic infections because generally speaking, young people have a warranted envy, they're pissed off and they're angry that they don't enjoy the same spoils and prosperity that were provided to our generation. A decent proxy for how much we value youth labor is minimum wage, and we've kept it purposely pretty low. If it had just kept pace with productivity, it'd be at about 23 bucks a share. But we've decided to purposely keep it low. Out of reach. Median home price has skyrocketed relative to median household income. As a result, pre-pandemic, the average mortgage payment was 1,100 dollars, it's now 2,300 dollars because of an acceleration in interest rates and the fact that the average home has gone from 290,000 to 420. By the way, the most expensive homes in the world, based on this metric, are number three, Vancouver. Why? Because 60 percent of the cost of building a home goes to permits. Because guess what, the incumbents that own assets have weaponized government to make it very difficult for new entrants to ever get their own assets, thereby elevating their own net worth. This is the transfer I'm going to be speaking about. This has resulted in an enormous transfer of wealth, where people over the age of 70 used to control 19 percent of household income, versus people under the age of 40, used to control 12. Their wealth has been cut in half. This isn't by accident, it's purposeful. This is me at UCLA in 1987. I know your first thought is I haven't changed a bit. This is also Mia Silverio, who is the analyst who put together these slides. By the way, Mia is 26. I did the math, just by virtue of her being in this audience, it brings the average age of the entire conference down 11 days. When I applied to UCLA, the admissions rate was 76 percent. Today, it's nine percent. I received a 2.23 GPA from UCLA. I learned nothing but how to make bongs out of household items and every line from "Planet of the Apes." And the greatest public school in the world, Berkeley, decided to let me in with a 2.27 GPA. And that's what higher ed is about. Higher ed is about taking unremarkable kids and giving them a shot at being remarkable. And every year it's gotten more expensive. Higher ed and homes and the ability -- not only is higher ed incredibly expensive, it's not accessible. Because me and my colleagues are drunk on luxury, and I'll come back to that. We've embraced the ultimate strategy. Me and my colleagues in higher ed wake up every morning and ask ourselves the same question when we look in the mirror. How can I increase my compensation while reducing my accountability? (Laugter) And we have found the ultimate strategy. It's called an LVMH strategy, where we artificially constrain supply to create aspiration and scarcity such that we can raise tuition faster than inflation. And old people and wealthy people have done the same thing with housing. All of a sudden, once you own a home, you become very concerned with traffic, and you make sure that there's no new housing permits. And here is a memo to my colleagues in higher ed: we’re public servants, not fucking Chanel bags. Harvard is the best example of this. They've increased their endowment in the last 40 years and have decided to expand their enrollment, their freshman class, by four percent. Any university that doesn't grow their freshman class faster than population that has over a billion dollars in endowment should lose their tax-free status because they're no longer in higher education. They're a hedge fund offering classes. (Cheers and applause) My first recommendation: Biden should take some of that 750 billion earmarked to bail out the one third of people that got to go to college on the backs of the two thirds that didn't and give a billion dollars to our 500 greatest public institutions, size-adjusted, in exchange for three things. One, they use technology and scale to reduce tuition by two percent a year, expand enrollments by six percent a year and increase the number of vocational certifications and nontraditional four-year degrees by 20 percent. Where does that get us? In just ten years, in just ten years, that doubles the freshman seats and cuts the cost in half. This isn't radical. This is called college in the '80s and '90s. Another transfer of wealth. Look at what's happened to wages. Oh, they've gone up? Not as much as corporate profits. There's a healthy tension between capital and labor. But for the last 40 years, capital has been kicking the shit out of labor. Well, you think, what about wages, right? They've gone up. Well if you compare them to the S and P, they barely register. It's been an amazing time to own assets. But your attempt to get the certification or the income such that you can acquire assets has gotten harder and harder. In my class of 300 kids, it's never been easier to be a billionaire, it's never been harder to be a millionaire. By the way, our job in higher ed isn't to identify a top one percent of people who are freakishly remarkable or have rich parents and turn them into a super class of billionaires. It's to give the bottom 90 a chance to be in the top ten. You know who doesn't need me or higher education? The top 10 percent. The whole point of higher ed is to give the unremarkables, i.e. yours truly, who was raised by a single immigrant mother, a shot of being remarkable. The transfer has been purposeful. While the cohorts, corporations and the ultra-wealthy continue to garner more and more of our wealth, we have decided, "I know, if they win the gold, let’s give them the silver and the bronze, and let’s lower their taxes.” This transfer is purposeful. It’s not by accident, and it works. Senior poverty is way down, and we should celebrate that. Meanwhile, child poverty is flat to up. The third rail. I'm going to talk about Social Security. It would cost 11 billion dollars to expand the child tax credit. But that gets stripped out of the infrastructure bill. But the additional 135 billion dollars a year to Social Security, that flies right through Congress. And every year we transfer 1.4 trillion dollars from a cohort that is increasingly doing less well to the cohort that is the wealthiest cohort in the history of this planet. I'm not against Social Security, but the criteria should be if you need it, not whether you have a catheter. 80 percent of you, 80 percent of you have absolutely no reason to ever take Social Security. It is bankrupting our nation. And we have fallen under this mythology that somehow it's this great social program. No it's not. It's the great transfer of wealth from young to old. How is this happening? Because our representatives are in fact, representative. Old people vote. Washington has become a cross between the "Land of the Dead" and "The Golden Girls." Quite frankly, this is fucking ridiculous. And if I sound ageist -- If I sound ageist, I am. And you know who else is ageist? Biology. When Speaker Pelosi had her first child, get this, two thirds of households didn't have color televisions, and Castro had just declared martial law. But she's supposed to understand the challenges of a 17-year-old girl who’s 5′ 9", 95 pounds, getting tips on dieting and extreme dieting from Facebook? She's supposed to understand the challenges that a 27-year-old single mother faces? By the way, young and dreamy. Young and dreamy. The great intergenerational theft took place under the auspices of a virus. I know, let's use the greatest health crisis in a century to really speed-ball the transfer. This is the Nasdaq from 2008 to 2012. We let the markets crash. And by the way, you need churn, you need disruption because it seeds and recalibrates advantage and wealth from the incumbents to the entrants. It's a natural part of the cycle. But wait, lately, no, a million people dying would be bad. But what would be tragic is if we let the Nasdaq go down and guys like me lost wealth. So we pumped the economy, which again, increased the massive transfer of wealth. The best two years of my life? Covid -- more time with my kids, more time with Netflix, and the value of my stocks absolutely exploded. And who has to pay for my prosperity? Not me. Future generations who will have to deal with an unprecedented level of debt. Why am I here, and why do I get the prosperity I enjoy? Because in 2008 we bailed out the banks, but we didn't bail out the economy. We let the markets fall. So as I was coming into my prime income-earning years, I got to buy, no joke, these stocks at these prices. This is where those stocks are now. Where does a young person find disruption? When you bail out the baby boomer owner of a restaurant, all you're doing is robbing opportunity from the 26-year-old graduate of a culinary academy that wants her shot. We need disruption. I just like this slide. It has no context or relevance. (Laughter and cheers) We're economically attacking the young, but I know, let's attack their emotional and mental well-being. Let's take advantage of the flaws in our species with medieval institutions, Paleolithic instincts and godlike technology. I'm just going to say, I think Mark Zuckerberg has done more damage to the young people in our nation while making more money than any person in history. Oh, but wait, it could be worse. It's as if we let an adversary implant a neural jack into our youth to raise a generation of civic, military and business leaders that hate America. How can we be this stupid? This all adds up to a bunch of graphs all headed up into the right. And what are they? What's the first one? Oh, that's self-harm rates, which have exploded, especially among girls since my colleague Jonathan Haidt pointed out, it's really, really gone crazy since social went on mobile. What's the next one? Teens with depression. The next one, men and women not having sex. Biggest fear of my parents was that I was going to get in too much trouble. My biggest fear, honestly, is that my kids aren't going to get into enough trouble. My advice to every young person watching this program is go out, drink more and make a series of bad decisions that might pay off. (Laughter and applause) Next graph, cumulative gun deaths. You're more likely to be shot in the United States if you're a toddler or an infant than a cop. Next graph, obesity, way up. By the way, the industrial food complex wants to addict you to shitty, fatty foods so they can hand you over to the industrial diabetes complex. We should not romanticize obesity. You're not finding your fucking truth. You're finding diabetes. Overdose deaths, way up. Deaths of despair. When I was in high school, it was drunk driving, now it's kids killing themselves. Young people don't want to have kids anymore. Two-thirds of people aged 30 to 34, able-bodied, used to decide to have at least one child. It's been cut in half. It's now less than a third, 27 percent. As a result, people over the age of 60 in the US, pretty happy. People under the age of 30, not so much. Some of the lowest in the free world. What can we do? Nothing wrong with America that can't be fixed with what's right with it. We got the hard stuff figured out. There are programs to address all of these issues, they cost a lot of money, that's the hard part. And we have figured this out. In just five minutes post an earnings call, we can add a quarter of a trillion dollars to the economy. We've got the hard part figured out, the resources. We have the money, but we decide not to do it. This is per-capita spending on child care in the United States relative to other nations. This is housing permits. Things are doable. We increase minimum wage at 25 bucks an hour, it goes into the economy. The wonderful things about low- and middle-income households is they spend all their money. We have to have or restore a progressive tax structure with alternative minimum tax on corporations and wealthy individuals. We need to refund the IRS. We need to reform Social Security. It should be based on whether you need the money, not on how old you are. We need a negative income tax. My friend Andrew Yang screwed up a great idea, but he branded it incorrectly. Instead of calling it UBI, he should’ve got Republicans on board by calling it a negative income tax. We need to eliminate the capital gains tax deduction. When did we decide that the money that capital earns is more noble than the money that sweat earns? Shouldn't it be flipped? We need to remove 230 protection for all algorithmically-elevated content. We need identity verification. The reason we can have identity verification is because we have a First Amendment. Break up Big Tech. We have monopolies that are incurring greater and greater costs on every small business and parents because again, see above, our representatives don't understand these technologies. We need to age-gate social media. There's absolutely no reason anyone under the age of 16 should ever be on social media. We need universal pre-K. We need to reinstate the expanded child-tax credit. We need term limits, see above, Andrew Yang. We need income-based affirmative action. Any visible signs of affirmative action make no sense at all. You would rather be born gay or non-white, in the United States today than poor. And that's a sign of our progress and our need to recalibrate who we give advantage to. Affirmative action, of which I’m a beneficiary -- I got Pell Grants, I got unfair advantage -- affirmative action is a wonderful thing, and it should be based on color: it should be based on green. How much money you have or don't have. Expand college enrollment in vocational programs. Mental health, ban phones in schools, invest in third places, Big Brothers and Sisters programs. We need national service. We need to tell people in the United States and Canada that they live in the greatest countries in the world, and we need to remind them of that every day by exposing them to other great Americans where they feel connective tissue. We can do all of this. We can do all of it. We have the resources. The question is, do we have the will? This is my last slide. It is an emotionally manipulative slide to try and get you to like me more. But it does have a message. This is the whole shooting match. Anybody here without kids, ask someone with kids. You have your world of work, you have your world of friends, you have your world of kids. Something happens here, your whole world shrinks to this. So I present, as I wrap here, with just a few questions. One, if you acknowledge that our kids are the most important thing in our lives, that everything else we do here is meaningful, but our kids' well-being and prosperity is profound. If you acknowledge that they're doing more poorly than previous generations. If you believe there’s a chance that the illusion of complexity has done nothing but provide cloud cover for the unbelievable transfer of good will, of well-being and of prosperity And if you believe we can actually fix these problems and we have the resources, then I present to you, I posit, I augur the question that I hope has more veracity than it did 17 minutes and 24 seconds ago. And that's the following question. Thank you.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Jeffrey-d8k [2 likes]: Most are addicted to all kinds of drugs 😂😂😂😂😂
  2. @Devined6664 [1 likes]: This has been going on since 2008. Born in 1984
  3. @whereitsat350 [1 likes]: Listen carefully to his voice when it talks about kids right at 17:23 or so. His voice flutters...that's how important kids are to a man's life.
  4. @Cpp1357 [1 likes]: He’s full of it.
I paid into social security for 43 years
  5. @GANGBANG-KHAN [1 likes]: It’s even more fucked up now and I feel like the best solution as a 2nd gen immigrant in the US is to save up for 15 - 20 years and move back to my parents home country because it’s arguably better to raise and make a family in Southeast Asia.
  6. @DaveO-n8m [1 likes]: I agree with Scott in large part on much of his views and ideas although we are politically diametrically opposed. He is a wise and brilliant man and I listen to all of his interviews and read his book. That being said I think you should absolutely not jack up the minimum wage. We have seen what it has done in many states that have tried it.  The businesses(that already run on very small margins) cut back hours for workers so they dont have to pay for benefits. Then the companies say well I am not going to pay that 16 yo zitty faced boy 25 bucks an hour when  there is a robot or machine that can do it for almost free!!! As AI gets prominent and takes over more sectors this cannot and will not be sustainable with the vast amount of jobs that will simply go away.  That is my humble opinion on the matter and I could very well be wrong and would love to listen to a contrary opinion.
  7. @HeaveStarveyy [1 likes]: The only problem with capitalism is the greed that follows, just like in any other government...
  8. @opticnirvana [1 likes]: We have paid into social security.  It is a contract.  We should get something back for what we've paid.
  9. @williamramos3350 [1 likes]: Its really sad how people see this in anyway as a joke. i just appreciate the fact that he speaks the brutal truths.
  10. @MathewIdicula-k5w: Young people have an innovation about them, to live their life their way, not a way that was planned out and mapped out by their parents, when they were toddlers, and for that matter not to live like some founding father 250 years ago. Of course this is beat out of them by their elders not always with malagnent nature for what is best and safe is the time worn method. Of course life wasn’t always meant to be safe, it’s stagnent waters being in many ways the very opposite of life. Society we meant to have a thousand flowers bloom, life needs that vibrant nature to it, the very same societies as contradiction bleed out of us.
  11. @roninenlightened6350: This man has the leadership presence of the late Lee Kuan Yew. He can lead the USA as a nation back to it's roots.
  12. @MJ_IDCLIP: Aged like wine
  13. @user-cy5fm9gg3e: if trump was not the president, sharia law will soon be upon young people ,is that what they want ?
  14. @FelixTurnayi: The point about "go out drink more and make a series of bad decisions that might pay off" works if you are drinking energy drinks and other stimulants. People I see around tend to really hate the kind of chaotically fast creative destruction which energy drinks plus ideally ADHD make possible. There seriously should be someone in the UK moving around like Elon Musk and shaking up all the dismally stultifying stagnation seemingly instilled in the very brickwork of some places in Central London
  15. @Womenscave-k6z: Every time I think I want a house for me and my kids I ask myself am I willing to die for this house? Neglect my kids not spend time with them, not see them then end up dying in the middle from all the stress at the end my kids end up homeless and with no parent. I’m so tired of working so hard and still no be able to own a place to live.
  16. @atenrok: Wow... I had no idea TED still exists...
  17. @danettehoffert1925: Big fan of Scott Galloway.

I challenge him to upgrade his vocabulary.

Drop the f-word as an adjective/adverb.

Each time you STOP and search your brain for an alternative word, you elevate your speaking.

Please be a role model in your words.

You are talking to a mixed audience and respect that and yourself.
  18. @christopherinkoom9955: If you leave your privacy to go to someone's else's privacy to get offended your the worst of the worst not worth your money at allll
  19. @FindingCreatures: I can’t believe I didn’t like this video before. This is the best Ted talk by far.
  20. @MT-oo3cc: well said

- The Algebra of Wealth: Scott Galloway on How To Get Rich: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] Today we discuss the algebra of wealth. We attempt to answer one key question. How to get rich? But first, the fine print. There's more than just one algorithm. There are many paths that people have taken. Jay-Z, Warren Buffett, and Vladimir Putin all took different routes. Anyway, I'm a self-made entrepreneur and I'm going to share with you what has worked for me or mostly worked for me and what I share with my students. The circumstances of your birth, unfortunately, make a big difference. A lot of your success and your failure isn't your fault. And there's a virus infecting many people in my generation, mostly in technology, who conflate luck with talent. As a white male growing up in the USA in the 70s and 80s, I had advantages. Many people did not. I received a near free education and had the luck to come of professional age in the era of the internet. So what is the algebra of wealth? From my experience, it comes down to this formula. Focus plus the product of stoicism, time, and diversification. Let's break these down. Starting with focus. People mistake a lack of focus for a lack of talent. Talent and intelligence are correlated with wealth, but aren't as powerful a signal of your future success as determination and focus. Focusing on finding something you're great at, something you can do better than most other people, something that people will pay you for. It may not be your passion, but getting great at something and the accutrants accompanying that greatness will make you passionate about whatever it is. And then focus on positioning yourself for success. That means getting certified and getting to a city, especially while you're young, so you can meet and play against the best in your league. Another way to position yourself for success, find industries and themes that are poised for growth. For the past two decades, I've ridden the e-commerce wave. I started an e-commerce firm, started another firm advising big firms on their e-commerce strategy, and my biggest stock market holding has been Amazon. So what are the next big waves of opportunity? We had globalization. Then we had digitization and we are on the precipice of the third big wave dispersion. The dispersion of healthcare, work, education and fintech are all causing tidal waves of change. Those waves, those waves are the ones you want to paddle out to and get in front of. The second thing you should focus on investing in the right relationships. While this applies to business relationships, the single most important economic decision you will ever make is your partner. Research shows that married individuals experience per person net worth increases of 77% greater than their single counterparts. However, however, marriage is betting half your future net worth that you'll be partners forever, meaning divorce is costly. And the best way to hold on to a relationship is not to keep score. bring forgiveness, generosity, and engagement. Or put another way, continue to show up. The next part of the equation is stoicism. One of the chief tasks of a stoic is to determine what is under his or her control and what is not under his or her control. Living below your means is the clearest blue flame path to financial freedom. Because it isn't your salary that makes you rich, it's your spending habits. Any fool can make money. It's more difficult to hold on to it. As a kid, I thought being rich was having a BMW 2002 topsiders and varnese. Hash awesome. But as an adult, I know better. Or at least I know better now. Dispel the myth that you need to be a billionaire to be rich. You don't need to be a hero. I know partners at investment banks that earn millions every year. However, between their ex-wife, alimony, homes in the Hamptons, and their fabulous lifestyle, they spend every penny of it. They are poor. Then there's my dad. He earns almost $50,000 a year from his Royal Navy pension and social security and spends $40,000. He is rich. The most powerful forward-looking indicator of your financial freedom is not how much you earn, but how much you save. Stoics also embody good character. Succeeding in life is a lot easier if people want you to succeed. Many of us have a cartoon image of rich people being Monty Burns. The reality, at least in my experience, is much different. The other stoic virtue relevant to wealth, temperance, and discipline. In this age of super abundance, your instincts can lead you astray. Don't let them. The temptations for consumption are everywhere as industrial production and processing power have created a ubiquitous doom scroll. An upgrade from economy to premium economy to business class to first class to a private jet can all seem like an investment in yourself. They are not. Nor is watching Tik Tok videos for hours constantly checking Twitter, Instagram or Facebook for affirmation or looking at the price of Bitcoin seven times a day on Coinbase. We crave dopa for instinctual reasons, but now it's everywhere and we have trouble modulating. Modulate, show discipline. There's a thick line between investment and consumption. One enhances your economic security and the other gives you a dopamine rush. If you're investing to learn or for dopamine because it's fun, that's fine. There's nothing wrong with it. But recognize recognize both of those cost money. I love to gamble. No joke. When I'm in Vegas, I put on a kilt and a blazer and I head down with a thousand bucks that I expect to lose. The Golden Nugget, $7.99 all you can eat buffet and carrot top. A deeply deeply misunderstood artist. Obvious for a thousand. Who is awesome in Vegas? Who is the dog? Another thing. Another thing. Anyone that tells you to be prepared to lose it all isn't talking about investing. They're talking about gambling. If you're serious about investing, you should not be prepared nor willing to lose it all. If you invested in lowcost index funds a decade ago, you would have outperformed 90% of alternative investment funds. And if you hold a basket of diversified stocks for at least 20 years, nobody has ever lost money. The third element of our equation, time. In the long term, time is your ally. In the short term, it's your enemy. The amount of time we have is completely out of our control. Do not squander it. Time is the one thing you should not be generous with. Invest early and make it a habit. The math on compound interest doesn't lie. Starting early with a little can beat starting a little later with a lot. Let's take two people. Both invest 4,000 a year. Person A starts at 20 but stops investing at 40. Person B starts at 40 but ends at 65. Earning 10% a year. Person A ends up with over 600% more than person B thanks to decades of additional compounding. Remember, it's time in the market, not timing the market that counts. See above compound interest. Lastly, lastly, diversify in investing. Diversification is your Kevlar and ensures that no one bad decision is a fatal blow. Bulletproof vests don't stop you from getting shot or stop the pain. They just stop the bullets from killing you. True story. I bought Netflix stock at $12 a share. That's the good news. It's currently at over $550 a share. That makes me a genius, right? Wrong. Why? I sold it at $10 a share 6 months after I purchased it to capture the tax loss at the end of the year and never bought back in. It was a mistake. It hit the Kevlar, but it wasn't fatal. I was diversified. And that diversification continued to pull me forward. One of my first startups was called Red Envelope. When it failed, I went from shopping for private jets one morning to losing 70% of my wealth in what felt about 2 weeks. Maybe it was three, but it happened fast. Also, what really cost me, I didn't invest enough in my marriage, and it cost me 60% of my net worth. However, however, I learned and got real for me when 13 years ago, my first son had the poor judgment to come rotating out of my girlfriend. I embraced this equation, invested between 10 and 30% of everything I've made since. Didn't invest in anything I didn't want to hold for at least a decade, and I never put more than 10% of my net worth in any one thing. Today, that number is 5%. That doesn't mean I don't participate in unexpected opportunities that offer asymmetric upside. I do. I just don't bet the ranch on them. You can still take bullets. You don't need to be a hero. Just make sure they never kill you. To summarize, focus plus the diversification. Financial and emotional security come down to discipline, generosity, and investing every damn day. So, to answer the questions we all ask ourselves, how do we build a life of love? How do we develop economic security? How do we get rich? the answer slowly. We'll see you next week.

  Top Comments:
  1. @seanlefloch [966 likes]: Who else finds these words of advice exponentially more valuable than you ever learned in college?
  2. @Devans-Stuff [1 likes]: I really wish I could have seen this while I was in high school, though; better late then never ")
  3. @BocilgamerSimulator46 [1 likes]: Anyone in 2026 seeking this information when WW 3 in the door of happening??? 
😂😂😂😂😂
Gwod i Love America always starting WW
  4. @JACMAN02: Wow. This was a no bullshit video that is bare bones and no fluff. I wanna hear his comparison between ex wife and new partner and mother of his kid. Like  discuss the intersection off finance and relationships. What does it mean to invest in a wife or kid. Break that down and give us your life wisdom in that. Thanks
  5. @thornemedia_YT: Getting rich isn't everything, but I guess it helps. 😎
  6. @RenaissanceRenegade-i2m: I mostly agree and followed or did what Scott recommended, especially starting early. However my strategy was having the ugliest car of all my friends and collegues. I totally failed on choosing the right partner, she destoyed my life for no reason. My strategy has from the start in 1996 to want to own the stocks I bought forever, but selling a portion along the way to diversify. But never owned more than 10 of them at any moment. My first purchase split twice in 6 months...which was great boost to start. I eventually bought Apple in 2011, and sold half in 2021 and bought Nvidia, Google & msft. I Eventually was a managing technology consultant at Deloitte...but my ex put an axe in my career. I move to Ecuador because I could not afford to live in Canada. I wass kidnapped by the cartel, escaped with the help of the embassy. Got back to my country but had to be homeless for fiscal law reasons. Multiplied my money by 12 thanks to NVIDIA & GOOGLE and am just happy to be alive with a tenth of  the money I would have and currently legaly not allowed to speak to my children. That rips me apart. Thanks Scott for valuing children
  7. @paulnolan9368: If money makes you as humourless and joyless as this fella…keep it.  Try and enjoy life.  Surround yourself with people who aren’t focused on money.  Observe nature.  Be grateful.
  8. @AndrewJCass-xq1gd: As soon as he said “white man privileged” I unsubscribed. No far left cult language for me, no thanks!
  9. @daisymcguire7232: What did your son do to your girlfriend?
  10. @ibg123: Found my professional niche in software delivery (got out of finance). Salary has more than doubled. Putting $60k per year into investments and planning to get to $3M as soon as poss by letting compounding do its thing.
  11. @Lay_Low.91: Carrot top is very misunderstood.
  12. @matthewhillock5455: I’m so glad there was time spent on investing in your partner. This might be the foundation of a happy life and the easiest way to maintain your focus. Harmony in the home creates happiness and makes the rest fall into place. If you can figure out this step the rest is just some math you can learn over the weekend.
  13. @backcountyrpilot: Read THE RICHEST MAN IN BABYLON by George Classon. 
It explains how to save and invest THE FIRST 10% of every paycheck, 
then live on the remaining 90%.

Think of it like doing a 5K run every morning, then eating whatever you
want all day.

Invest like this for 30 years and your investments will earn you more than
your career.

Then you can decide to retire (or not) whenever you choose.
  14. @jasonconklin509: White Male advantage? I also am self made and achieved my career the old fashion way, MERIT and HARD WORK! The only free educations available were NOT handed out to whites.. oh and your glasses scream DEI. Other than that your thesis works.
  15. @ColaZeroDaily: Get rich slow with a job won't make you rich, only get rich fast with a business will.
  16. @onemorevideo3295: The harder you work the luckier you get.
  17. @onemorevideo3295: Luck is what happens when preparation meets opportunity.
  18. @onemorevideo3295: WARNING---BE CAREFUL---Don't put too much behind luck...he doesn't mean rich people got lucky and they got a multi-million contract and became rich.  He means they worked their ass off, started a company, worked long hours, took risks, built a factory, trained employees---and---was "lucky" to finally get a contract for millions to produce widgets.  What you didn't know was he was "lucky" because he went to 23 trade shows, displayed at each, spent countless hours training himself and refining his pitch, did research on competitors, missed his son's piano recitals and his daughters softball games...and finally got "lucky" that he got a multi-million contract that made him rich.  Yes he was "lucky" that one big buyer went past his trade booth that day and chose him for the big contract...he's also "lucky" there wasn't a Chinese company displaying at the same show that would have undercut his price by 25% and so he was "lucky" that didn't happen.  DON'T CONFUSE LUCK WITH HARD WORK< PERSEVERENCE< PREPERATION< LONG HOURS etc etc etc
  19. @YandiRiyandi: Raditya Dika
  20. @JohnDoe-jt5lb: Stopped listening at the first racist lie. I bet this guy isn't even wealthy.

- Prof Galloway's Career Advice: Kind: captions Language: en As summer winds down and many head back to school or into the workforce, some unsolicited career advice which I'm fairly certain will resonate and 100% certain you will ignore. 1. Get certified. In the depths of the Great Recession, college grads enjoyed half the unemployment rate of high school graduates. Over the course of your lifetime, college grads are going to make on average two times what someone without a degree earns. If you can't find your way to college then seek other certification whether it's a class 3 driver's license, scuba certification or a degree in cosmetology. 2. Be remarkable. Develop not just one area of expertise, but two skills that don't always naturally go together. Be the CFO who also understands what music should be played at your events, be the creative director who knows how to use Excel. Just as Lindt chocolate brings together dark chocolate and chili peppers, what two attributes are you going to bring together that differentiate you? 3. Find the variance. Look at the six or eight things that are key to your firm's success and identify one or two of those where you can differentiate yourself by becoming an expert. If everyone's pretty good at PowerPoint that's not where the variance is but if some people can't string together a sentence and writing is important to your job, try to become a great writer. 4. Get to a city. Your zip code is a strong signal of future wealth. Two-thirds of economic growth will take place in cities. Like tennis, when you rally with someone better than you, you improve, being in a city forces you to rally with the best. 5. Boring is sexy. Want to produce movies, work for Vogue or open restaurants? Then you better receive a great deal of psychic income, because your return on investment will be lousy. Software as a service for healthcare maintenance workers? Sounds awful. But that's where the money is. 6. Be willing to delay gratification. Einstein said the power of compound interest is the most powerful force in the universe. This is true not only for money but your own efforts. Every day, invest in something where the payoff won't come for several years, but aggregates. 7. Demonstrate strength and grit. What do Fortune 500 CEOs have in common? Not that they went to Ivy League schools, nor that they were born into wealthy families, but they exercise every day. It's about being a stronger version of you. If shit gets real you know you could kill and eat everyone in the room, which will make you feel more confident. By the way, I'm not suggesting you do this. 8. Don't follow your passion. When a luncheon speaker tells people to follow their passion, it means they're already rich. The best tax lawyers aren't passionate about tax law, they're passionate about being great at something and the accoutrements of being the best in your field. 9. Ignore the myth of balance. We've all heard about somebody who's great at their work, volunteers at the ASPCA and runs a food blog. Assume you are not this person. I have a lot of balance in my life now. Why? Because I worked my ass off in my 20s and my 30s. It cost me my first marriage, it cost me my hair and it was worth it. Finally, fight unfair. What are you willing to do that the majority of people around you aren't? I'm a professor with a decent amount of credibility, but there are dozens that have more credibility. I'm a good entrepreneur, but there are more successful entrepreneurs. However, there are few professor-entrepreneurs who are willing to put on wigs. Why do this? I'm fighting unfair. What are you willing to do that your colleagues won't? Fight unfair. We'll see you next week.

  Top Comments:
  1. @vikingspud [2 likes]: I could say most of these have helped me, but the one I would promote until my deathbed will be #6. So many people that I have seen lunge at the first chance to have that sports car or oversized house only to watch those things drag them down financially. I got certified (#1) with an MBA, invested in variance (#3) by learning to speak foreign languages and moved to a big city (#4). But the one defining element for my success was to not spend money when I got it. I bought my first, and only, new car just before my 40th birthday, despite having a six-figure income.  Delaying satisfaction and having substantial savings paid dividends when the financial crisis came and I was one of the few people with cash on hand. In 2012 I had down payments for two investment properties that have more than quadrupled in value. Ten years later I own five houses, a half acre of land for future development, a net worth in the millions and I still drive my 10 year-old Ford Focus. Delay gratification and eventually the market swings will present opportunities that will make others say that you "fight unfair." (#10)
  2. @Pottasium007 [1 likes]: ......This was before AI
  3. @lucv5573 [1 likes]: I like some of what Scott says about doing what you're good at (or could become good at) instead of just following passion. 

Where I tend to think the problem lies in the premise: we don't derive joy from our careers. Instead, a career is a byproduct of the preexisting values and beliefs we learn and develop in our lives. The accoutrements really don't mean much in the end if you don't know why you exist in the first place. Of course, this video is intended for career advice, and not meant to as life advice. However, we tend to put far too much emphasis and value on identifying as our careers, instead of the other way round.
  4. @ЕленаЛитвиненко-х3т: Your voice is very calming.
  5. @MelliAnya: This was so much fun to watch.
  6. @SelinaSrenco: Super informative, learned a lot.
  7. @LeddySissy: Very entertaining from start to finish.
  8. @pegazoriveros9387: Really enjoyable content.
  9. @KsnxdnwNckemdnk: Your content keeps getting better.
  10. @sinh-q8x: I didn’t expect to enjoy this so much.
  11. @Wanderlust073: An entire generation was never taught #6 and now blames everything on ‘boomers’.
  12. @AilinaHeidema: Grow professionally
  13. @HeweMoffett: simple and smart
  14. @korah33: I re watch this every couple months to keep me motivated. Thanks Scott!
  15. @muesh_designs: Best video i've ever watched in a while😂
  16. @ismaelhall3990: thanks.
  17. @durvonityejorand8898: 취직 후 들을 것
  18. @estebangarcia9552: Awesome!
  19. @kandykane3128: 3.26 explains the divorce
  20. @cincinnatiking8008: The best tax lawyers aren't passionate about tax law. I love this!

- The Single Biggest Point of Failure In A Man's Life | Scott Galloway X Rich Roll Podcast: Kind: captions Language: en We're raising a generation of men who are going to be increasingly psychotic and crazy. That was ugly. That is like Yeah, it's so depressing. What does healthy masculinity look like? Masculinity is an amazing thing. You shouldn't apologize for it. You should lean into it. But what does it mean? We've conflated toxicity with masculinity. There's so many lonely young men who don't have any interaction with people. They're very susceptible to anything or any algorithm giving them a sense of self-worth. I would have been one of those guys today. Angry, upset. So, I relate. My guest today is Scott Galloway. Scott is a professor of marketing at NYU Stern School of Business. He's a best-selling author. He's also the host of the Prof G podcast and co-host of the Pivot podcast with Kara Swisher. Masculinity is a societal construct. And a lot of women demonstrate wonderful masculinity. It's not the domain of people born as men. In urban areas now in the US, women under the age of 30 are making more money than men. And by the way, that's wonderful. We should do nothing to get in the way of that. Women are, I think, ready for more economically and emotionally viable young men. So, the question is, how do we level up young men? Today's episode is brought to you by the awesome organizations that make this show possible. Scott, thank you for doing this. I know it's a schlep to come out here. I appreciate you making the time. Uh been looking forward to this for a very long time, and there's so much to talk about. You're such an interesting figure. You're at the intersection of business and entrepreneurship advice. You're sort of this really smart cultural critic, pundit on tech, the reformation of higher education, and also self-help. You have this really sagacious uh facility for counsel that's aimed broadly, but also very specifically this particular lens on young men and this concern that you have for the next generation. And I think the sentiment behind it is really that we have a demonstrable problem with males in the next generation, the culture of men, the evolution of men, the growth of men, who they are, where and how they are being guided or not being guided, and how they're being distracted or or led astray in a way that's that's really interfering with their growth and their potential, and in turn, like, the growth of a healthy society. Yeah, well, first off, thanks for the kind words. I I think I said when I came in, we went through all the podcast invites we have, and I just mentioned your name, and before I even finished it, like, half of my staff would just went ape [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] You deeply resonate with a lot of people. that. Yeah, I look, this is something that I'm passionate about. I think the data's overwhelming. And three times as likely to be addicted, four times as likely to kill themselves as women, uh 12 times likely to be incarcerated, 70% of opioid every day. You know, we don't have a homeless problem. We don't have an opioid problem. We don't have an incarceration problem. We have a male suicide, homeless, and incarceration problem. And if any other special interest group were committing suicide at four times the rate of the control group, we would talk about it in different terms. We would talk about the need for social programs, intervention, empathy. But when something like this happens to young men, there's a lack of empathy. You hear words like accountability, or if they were just more in touch with their emotions. And I think that's really gotten in the way of a productive conversation. And because there hasn't been a productive conversation and people out there feel and see what's going on, some voices have entered into that void that are sort of unproductive voices. And sometimes that kind of this pro-man rhetoric oftentimes is just thinly veiled misogyny or a lack of empathy. Or kind of what I'll call the manosphere. It sort of starts off fine. It's be action-oriented, be fit, take control. Then it goes to really weird places. It treats women as property, or talks about immigrants taking your job, or just sign up for my crypto university. It just goes to weird places. It's also been a bit of a third rail issue to raise the peril of the word young man in a world in which the conversation uh around elevating certain sectors of culture and society is about women and people of color. Mhm. And yet, the quote that I've heard you often repeat is the most dangerous person in the world is a man that is broken and alone. If you look globally, the most unstable, violent societies in the world all have one thing in common. They have a disproportionate amount of young men with a lack of economic or romantic prospects. What do we do? We send them off to war. If they don't have economic prospects, internally, they'll overthrow the government. So, we find conflict, and we send them off to war. Also, this younger generation of men is paying for the unfair advantage you and I had growing up. I was born in Los Angeles, or Southern California, in 1964. I hit the lottery. You know, being born a white heterosexual male just had huge advantage in California. Myself as well. I was born in '66. You went to UCLA, I went to Stanford. I'm the beneficiary of, you know, an incredible education and and privilege. And now that, you know, access to what you and I had access to is all the more remote these days. Like, what is going on? Like, how did we get to this place? What are the tectonic plates that have led us to this situation that we find ourselves in? So, just to make the point around accessibility, I don't know the numbers in Stanford, but when I applied to UCLA in 1982, the acceptance rate was 76%. And it cost $1,200 a year. And I had to apply twice, and I got in. The acceptance rate this year will be 9%, and it's $34,000. So, it's just inaccessible to anyone who's not remarkable, remarkable or rich. So, how did we get here? I think there's been a variety of things, a confluence of factors that have all collided around young men. One, there's just a lack of empathy. People see it as a zero-sum game, where if you feel empathy for men, it must mean that you are anti-women. And so, there's a lack of empathy and what I call zero-sum gaming it. You know, civil rights didn't hurt white people, it helped them. Gay marriage doesn't hurt heteronormative marriage, it it enhances it. So, to talk about empathy for young men is in no way and should not in no way be seen as anti-women. I think the group that wants more viable young men uh first and foremost, mothers. That's who I hear from the most, who see what's going on with their daughters and the difference between their daughters and their sons. And also, women. Women are, I think, ready for more economically and emotionally viable young men. Women are dating older and older because they're having trouble finding what they would perceive as viable young men. So, a few things. One, there's biological. Men's prefrontal cortex matures later. They just don't have the same executive function or adult in the room. They're less mature, literally less mature. Two, we have an education system that is biased against them. If you talk about the behaviors we reward in school, you're essentially going to describe a girl. Be organized, be a pleaser, sit still. You also have an education industrial complex. 92% of kindergarten teachers are women. There's more female per capita fighter pilots than kindergarten male kindergarten teachers. It's about 70-80% K through 6, and about 60-70% in high school. And naturally, you're going to empathize with a little version of you. So, I just don't think there's the same level of empathy for young men. We've also done away with metal shop, auto shop, um wood shop. So, the guy who's not cut out for college, who doesn't sit still, who's not academically focused, has fewer and fewer on-ramps into a middle-class lifestyle. And then, these guys get into the workforce, there's fewer middle-class trades jobs. In America, parents have done a really good job of convincing themselves they've failed as a parent if their kid doesn't end up at Stanford or UCLA. So, there's a lot of rage and shame in the household. There's not visible on-ramps into a healthy middle-class life. 3% of LinkedIn profiles in America say apprentice. It's 11% in the UK. In Germany, 50% of Germans have some sort of vocational certification. That's not true here. It's kind of become this you either get to Stanford or UCLA, or you and your parents have failed. And then, a lot of dynamics, dating apps, where you have two, three to one uh men to women. And you also have this effect where because everyone has access to everyone, not everyone, but women who have a much finer filter are all drawn to the kind of what I call same guy. So, you have 50 men on Tinder, 50 women. 46 of those women will show all of their attention and interest to just four guys. So, it's great to be in the top 10% on a dating app if you're a guy. The bottom 90, it's really difficult. And the bottom half of men on dating apps, where now one in two relationships begin, get validation that they have absolutely no worth in the dating market. So, a lack of economic prospects, a lack of maturity, a society that doesn't seem to have a lot of empathy for them, and then a mating market that validates they don't have a lot of value. And you see these men go down this downward spiral, where they start And this is where you know they we've really lost them. They start becoming ultra-nationalists. They start blaming immigrants. They start blaming women. They become prone to conspiracy theory. And someday, just become really shitty citizens. Mhm. And the final thing I would say is that the most profitable, valuable companies in the world have one thing in common. And that is they're tapping into a lack of regulation and instinctive flaws. Men are more risk-aggressive. So, the fastest-growing technology sector right now is gaming, which is a play way of saying gambling. Men are more risk aggressive. They like to gamble. 85% of gamblers are men. They're four to six times more likely develop a gambling addiction. You then put it on a phone and you have Kevin Hart and Charles Barkley telling you that you're smart and you should bet on March Madness and then you have social media apps or Robinhood or or meta or YouTube sort of tapping into these instincts, these flawed instincts of men. Where they become prone to conspiracy theory, more much more risk aggressive, much more inclined to develop a relationship with YouPorn as opposed to saying, "Okay, how do I go out there and develop the skills and the game and the economic and emotional viability to find my own romantic partner?" They're mistaking Reddit and Discord for friendship. They're mistaking Robinhood and Coinbase for making a living. They're mistaking YouPorn for establishing a relationship. And so, a lot of these men have had the real world where the motivation to find real relationships replaced with algorithms and screens. It's a low entry, low risk cost of having a reasonable facsimile of life. And if you're not careful, you wake up a few years later, you don't have those skills and you're depressed. Because getting out and finding a job, getting out, going into work, getting up, putting on a tie, learning how to read the room, learning how to make a woman laugh, establish body language, be persistent, endure rejection, you know, there's a reason romantic comedies are 2 hours not 15 minutes. This [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is hard and it's humiliating. But that's what real victory in real life looks like and I think there's a disproportionate or a small number of men young men who are ever going to experience that real joy and that real victory because of the low cost, low entry, reasonable facsimile of life that these companies prey on. That's a pretty dire portrait of the current state of affairs. The eradication of opportunity, the lack of adequate on-ramps to higher education and the you know, the confluence of all these technologies that are conspiring to capture the attention of the young male and channel it in unhealthy ways is going to leave that individual not just depressed but angry and looking for an outlet for that anger. Well, there's an upside. If you're in the top 10%, life's never been better. We're in a Hunger Games economy. The winner leads a remarkable life and everybody else dies a slow death. If you have your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] together as a young man and you have the discipline to get the right certification, the graduates in my class at Stern, I teach the MBA, their average salary is $212,000. They go on a dating app, they're going to get a ton of attention. Their opportunities have never been more exceptional. Their vacations, their ability to take care of their parents at a young age, their economic opportunity, their chance to make millions is within reach by the time they're 30. Those opportunities did not exist for our parents. So, it's become sort of a winner-take-most environment. So, it's great to be in the top 10%, but I can prove to all of us that 90% of our sons are not in the top 10%. And when you think about it, it goes back to me like, "What is America supposed to be?" And the reason I've got involved here, I was in that bottom 90. I was probably in that bottom 50. Is America about identifying the remarkable or identifying the children of rich people and turning them into billionaires? Is that what America is supposed to do? My view is America is about identifying or giving everyone in the bottom 90 a shot to be in the top 10%. That's how it was when I grew up. I was unremarkable. I think that when I look at you, I see somebody I mean, you're you're clearly passionate about this. This is a very mission-based, service-oriented kind of endeavor that you found yourself in and you're somebody who's had many successes in different areas of life. You have economic independence. You could choose to be doing lots of different things. And you've chosen through all of the ways that you show up publicly in Prof G media and the podcasting, etc. to really focus your advocacy around this and it strikes me as very earnest and and heartfelt. Like this really is a mission that you're passionate about. I don't know that much about you, Rich, but I I was that guy. You know, I didn't have a lot of money, no no romantic prospects. But um Let's see. Need a minute. America loved me. Right? Free education, remarkable institution, great job, a chance to you know, get I economically viable, chance to take care of my mother. I I would have been one of those guys today. Angry, upset. So, I relate. Yeah. Your mother was an integral figure in all of this. Yeah, look, the reason I'm here with you now, it's easy to credit your grit and your character for your success and blame the market for your failures. I get to come here and I get to bomb out of here and go to the Beverly Hills Hotel and have like a you know, do whatever the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I want and you know, have an incredible life because of one, the generosity and vision of California taxpayers and the Regents of the University of California who said, "Our job is to give unremarkable kids remarkable opportunity." Being born at the right place at the right time and the unconditional love of my mother, right? Single immigrant mother lived and died a secretary. But you know, every day told me that I was wonderful and I think that stuck with me. But yeah, I I like I don't know what your relationship was like with your parents. But if you think about investing, there's some basics, right? You invest a little bit of money, compound interest is just this remarkable thing. Most people feel that the singular relationship in their life, if if they're asked to identify the singular relationship in their life, they usually more often than not, number one is their mother. And it's because she made those tiny little investments in you every day. Waking you up with a soft voice, worried about you, could hear you get up when you were a kid and come in and comfort you. Every day just dozens of little investments and you know, your mom wakes up and you wake up when you're older regardless if whether you don't get along, maybe you don't even like each other, but it's a singular relationship. And you know, I think a lot about the relationship, how powerful it was for me and what was really wonderful about my mom is she had the foresight to get a lot of men involved in my life. Because if you look at the singular point of failure in a young man's life, it's when he loses a male role model. And it's interesting because we have the second most single parent homes in the world behind Sweden. And when we say single parent, 92% of the time that means it's a single And what's interesting is the data shows that the daughters of single mothers have the same outcome, same college attendance, same income, same rates of self-harm. Boys, once they lose a male role model, immediately become dramatically more likely to be incarcerated, dramatically less likely to graduate from high school, dramatically more likely to suffer from addiction. What it ends up is that while boys are physically stronger, they're emotionally and mentally much weaker. Just because you say it's really important that a boy have a man involved in his life, that's in no way diminishing the superheroes that are single mothers. But I think we have to acknowledge that it is really important that men be involved and that's the problem with schools now that don't have enough men because there's an entire generation of young men that go through their lives until they're 25 with absolutely no men involved. And if you have kids, you see that occasionally dad just plays a bigger role, his physical size, his voice, whatever it might be. And I'm thinking a lot about masculinity. I think the ultimate expression of masculinity is I've got my [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] so together, I can take care of myself. I can take care of my immediate family. I can take care of my kids, the people I work with, you know, I pay good taxes. But the ultimate expression of masculinity is getting involved in the life of a boy that isn't yours. And unfortunately, Michael Jackson and Catholic Church have [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it up for all of us and created this weird notion that if you're a guy your age and you're super successful, you might have love to give and you might see a 15-year-old boy that could use your help and it feels unnatural to get involved in his life. And that's not true. Yeah, the culture of mentorship has waned to say the least and you know, I think it's fair to say that America was built on the idea of apprenticeship and and mentorship, but that culture seems to have evaporated. Like where are the mentors? Where are the sage counsels and the you know, healthy masculine men who are helping to guide the next generation? Well, I got it from coaches, but a lot of kids aren't going to church now. They used to get it from the reverend or the rabbi. Community-oriented programs have gone away. What are the rates of young men in sports? Is it the way that it was when we were kids? Are less young men participating in sports and where are the other healthy outlets for the young men in need of mentorship? So, sports is like most things, there's still the same level of participation, but unfortunately, it's been crowded towards the wealthy. Engaging in a sport has become not a luxury item, but pretty close. Even if you look at the college athletes outside of basketball and football, it's disproportionately rich kids. Cuz if your kid wants to play lacrosse, to send him to lacrosse camps or hurdle across camps and get them the right training and the right equipment, it's just expensive. But I think, you know, sports are and after-school programs are being cut. But going to solutions, I think there is a ton of solutions. So, starting boys a year late in elementary school, they're just less mature. The The worst thing that happened to me or almost happened to me is my parents wanted me to skip a grade because it was back in the space race and if you were offered the opportunity to skip a grade, that meant you were going to be a work for NASA. I showed up at UCLA at the age of 17 and I was way too immature to handle the alcohol and the the pressure of it all. Start them a year later. Try and create greater incentive to get more men in um primary and secondary high school and elementary school. More vocational programs. There's just a ton of jobs in the real economy for specialty construction, specialty nursing. Anyone who's renovating a house knows that a roofer makes really good money, much less a plumber. And stop shaming those jobs. Start elevating them. Uh I think we have to level up young people in general. There's been an enormous transfer of wealth from young people to old people. Specifically, people under the age of 40 used to control 19% of the GDP in terms of their wealth. It's been cut to 9%. The average 70-year-old is 72% wealthier than they were 40 years ago. The average person under the age of 40 is 24% less wealthy. And that affects women and men, but it's disproportionately affecting men because men are fairly or unfairly evaluated from a mating perspective based on their economic viability. The best example of I think that depicts this that the greatest innovation in history wasn't the iPhone or a semiconductor. It was the American middle class. Fought wars, pushed back on fascism, paid an enormous amount of taxes, was innovative, came up with DARPA, came up with vaccines, came up with GPS. And where it all started with 7 million men returned from World War II and they demonstrated excellence in uniform. And the government said, "We're going to make a massive investment in them in terms of the GI Bill and the highway construction bill. We're going to give them jobs. We're going to give them economic viability." And quite frankly, they were just very attractive. And they had an easier time finding mating, finding a house, two-car garage, and it set off the baby boom. And it set off a generation of confident, loving kids who were comfortable and said, "All right, it's time for civil rights. It's time to bring women into the workforce. It's time for women's rights." And it just set off this kind of you know, post-World War II liberal, progressive society, the likes of which we've never seen that type of prosperity. But the middle class is an accident. It doesn't self-sustain. The incumbents and people on the far right will claim that the middle class is a self-repairing organism. It's not. It's an anomaly. Middle classes have never existed in society before. We we figured it out. But unless you have economically and emotionally viable men, you can't have a middle class. So, the question is how do we level up young men? And I don't think you can just have affirmative action for men. I think that's too political. But I do think we have to put more money into the pockets of young people who have seen a transfer of wealth. And I'll touch a third rail here. Every year, we transfer one and a half trillion dollars. The greatest economic transfer in history happens every year from young people to the wealthiest generation in history, senior citizens, and it's called Social Security. And it just is insane that this group that is consistently seen their wealth and on an inflation-adjusted basis, their livelihood go down and down and down, transfer money to the wealthiest population in the world. So, let's talk more about economics. Mortgage tax deduction and capital gains are the two biggest deductions in our tax code. Who makes their money selling stocks and selling assets? Guys my age. Who makes their money with sweat? The The guys in this room, the younger guys. Who owns homes? Older people. Who rents? Younger people. I feel like almost every economic policy is nothing but a thinly veiled transfer of wealth from the young to the old. And then the final one, the greatest intergenerational train robbery in history was the CARES Act and the transfer of wealth during COVID. 85% of the money flushed into households was saved. It wasn't spent. So, five of the seven trillion dollars wasn't spent on food or housing. It went into the markets, which absolutely sent the asset prices of real estate and stock markets screaming. Who owns homes and stocks? The incumbents and the old. The reason I'm rich is because in 2008, the government let the economy crash. It bailed out banks, but it didn't bail out the economy. I had a little bit of money. I was coming into my prime income-earning years. So, I was able to buy Apple and Amazon and Netflix at seven, four, and 10 bucks. Right? Yeah. Where the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] do these guys put their money out? Nvidia at $900 a share? Do they buy a home in Agoura Hills, a cute ranch home for $2.3 million? When they bailed out me and the incumbents 3 years ago, all they were doing was robbing opportunity from young people. When you bail out the boomer who owns a restaurant, all you're doing is robbing opportunity from the 26-year-old female graduate of the Brooklyn Culinary Academy. She's not getting her shot. Churn and turnover are key are key to giving young people an opportunity. So, we effectively decided during COVID was a million people dying would be bad, but letting the NASDAQ go down and making boomers less rich would be tragic. It was pure theft. And who's going to have to pay for this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Not you or me. Them and their kids. That doesn't bode well, you know, and then when you think about that in the context of increasing polarization and the kind of denigration of our public discourse and the increase in distrust in institutions matched with the lack of opportunity and everything that you just outlined, uh like does America survive this? Like how are we going to get back to a place where we're providing adequate opportunity to young people and we're in a social contract with our brothers and sisters where we agree upon the things that are important to create a healthy culture that can survive and flourish as a democratic republic? Well, I mean, the ground zero I think for almost all of our problems or the the incendiary port on our problems is that for the first time in our nation's history, a 30-year-old man or woman isn't doing as well as his or her parents were at 30. That's never happened before. What's so upsetting about it is it's in the face of unprecedented prosperity. 5 minutes post the earnings release of Nvidia, it adds 240 billion dollars in market capitalization. But we can't afford the child tax credit? Child tax credit between 24 and 40 billion dollars immediately eliminated poverty for 40% of kids in food-insecure homes. Like I didn't even think you could do that with 24 or 40 million. We spend $800 million on our military and I'm not suggesting we should reduce it. I think it's important we have a robust defense department. But what do you know? Social Security gets a 9% cost of living adjustment increase and the child tax credit gets stripped out of the infrastructure bill. So, we have elected representatives average age 63. DC is a cross between the Walking Dead and the Golden Girls. And if that sounds ageist, it is ageist. But here's the thing. Do they really relate to a 28-year-old who's trying to build a home with kids? And kids don't vote. And young people don't vote. But old people vote. So, we're about to see for the first time in our nation's history almost 50% of our our entire federal budget be allocated towards seniors. And young people as a result still have as much opportunity. And they're not dumb. It pisses them off. They look up. They see us. They see the opportunities we had. They see how much money is being spent on seniors. And then every day, they're reminded that they're failing. They live in a society where algorithms are constantly telling them everyone else is rich. You failed. If you're not hanging out at the Omni Hotel or you're not flying private or you don't have a six-pack or you don't have a hot boyfriend or hot girlfriend, you failed. And you get these reminders every day. So, I think these righteous movements around Black Lives Matter or Me Too, they are righteous movements, but every movement now has a ton of incendiary port on it cuz young people are just angry. They're just like, "Okay, my neighbor works at Google. She's killing it. Mhm. I'm not in the top 1%. And the thing is we're as Americans, our superpower is our optimism, but we all believe our kid is going to be in that top 1%. And I just think we moved away from America which used to be about giving unremarkable kids remarkable opportunity to we've decided, "Okay, let's elect a series of people who continue to transfer wealth from young people. And oh wait, Mark Zuckerberg and Bill Gates dropped out of college. That can happen." Well, okay, but most young people, if you look at the numbers, are having a tough time. We have the most anxious, depressed generation in history. The science is in, people. Hot and cold therapy, in other words, using sauna and cold water immersion has so many powerful benefits like lowering inflammation, reducing muscle soreness, boosting energy, and elevating mood. But the thing is, DIY ice baths are this colossal hassle and basically just impractical, making the whole affair unsustainable, which is a problem solved by the guys at Plunge who pioneered the all-in-one solution. This gorgeous, elegant, modern tub that's easy to install indoors or out with cooling and filtration built right into it, so it basically requires almost zero maintenance. And I use it almost every single day, which has greatly impacted my physical health and I got to say, vastly improved my mental well-being. The Plunge team now also offers a beautiful sauna for the ultimate hot-cold experience. This gorgeously designed addition to your space. I got mine up and running recently and I got to say, I can no longer imagine life without it. It really has been an absolute game-changer for my physical health, of course, but also all these profound benefits to my mental well-being. To learn more and get your own cold plunge tub or sauna, visit plunge.com and hit the link in the description below and use code Rich Roll to get $150 off your purchase. One of the solutions to providing greater opportunity is to better democratize access to higher education and you know, one of the things you talk a lot about is how we need to be reforming those institutions which have become luxury brands that thrive on scarcity as opposed to being public servants who are trying to elevate the sort of base level intelligence of the younger generations. You like We have a tendency to believe that me and my colleagues are somehow more noble than the rest of the population and we sit around with our Labradors and our corduroy vests watching PBS thinking about how to make the world a better place. And there's some of that. I have remarkable colleagues who are good people, but we're like everybody else and I think we wake up a lot of administrators and leadership on campus wake up and ask themselves the same question every day when they look in the mirror. How do I increase my compensation while reducing my accountability? And we found the ultimate strategy. I call the LVMH strategy. When I went to UCLA, the facilities were shitty. But 76% got in and it was 400 bucks. And what they'd figured out as I know, keep the admissions rates static and low. When the Dean announces, "We rejected 92% of our applicants this year at NYU." We stand up and we applaud. And the alumni love it cuz their degree goes up in value. And this same rejectionist LVMH strategy has been adopted across the larger economy. If you own a home, you get very concerned. You're in the Malibu Canyon. I bet any homeowner in the Malibu Canyon takes a real interest in new plans for new development and they show up and they're very concerned and come up with thoughtful reasons why new developments never get the permits. And the result is we have a shortage every year of somewhere between 1.2 and 1.5 million houses we need. And then you have big companies who weaponize government and create a harder and harder for small companies to emerge. So the result is the incumbents see their asset values uh but people can't get into these schools. Harvard sits on a $53 billion endowment which is the GDP of Costa Rica and it's kept its freshman class at 1,500 kids. A good Starbucks serves 1,500 people. They could admit 15,000 and have no tax absolutely no tax on their resources. So one of the solutions in my view is if you are not growing your freshman enrollment faster than population growth, you should lose your nonprofit status. And COVID provided the perfect opportunity to re-evaluate what you just shared and create a situation through online education to broaden the aperture and make it accessible to so many more people and we all know what happened. That didn't happen. It didn't. Yeah. I speak at a lot of corporations, a lot of big companies and they'll say, "What can we do?" The first thing a corporation could do to make this better is to stop fetishizing graduates from elite universities. When I went to work for Morgan Stanley, they recruited at Stanford and Berkeley and I was the first analyst I hired at UCLA. UCLA wasn't good enough for them. And I fell into the strap. When I started my company, I fetishized hiring people. We only hired hired people from Berkeley, Stanford, UCLA and for some reason UVA. We had people from UVA. When you decide that that you're only hiring from elite universities, you're saying I'm not interested in single mothers. You're immediately excluding people who don't even have rich parents or frequently remarkable. So my recommendation, I was talking to the CEO of Salesforce about this, move away from a certification-based hiring strategy to a skills-based strategy. How do you figure out the testing and it's expensive and it's hard to hire really talented young people that based on their skills as opposed to their certification. Because the reason we have entered into this LVMH strategy at elite universities is that corporations love it. People think our student is our consumer. No, our consumer is our product. Our consumer is a corporation. And the corporation has basically outsourced screening and hiring to these universities thinking if they're only letting in 8% of their applicants, they must be pretty good. Mhm. So corporations moving to a certification saying 10%, 20%, 50% of our applicants and I'm not talking about admin jobs. I'm talking about professional track jobs are going to be reserved for people based on a skills-based assessment where it is certification blind. You couldn't get past the front desk without an elite university degree at Morgan Stanley when I was there. Isn't tech a little bit different though? I feel like they are slightly more progressive in terms of how they hire because they are looking at skills and it's a bit more untethered from pedigree. Is that true? A little bit. Uh especially around programming, but I would argue if you want a job in a traditional professional track at Meta Alphabet, it's pretty hard to get in without an elite university degree. And it's a self-reinforcing mechanism cuz they're so populated with people from amazing universities. I mean this goes back to the why it's so important you get out of your house and that you're social. Because there was just a study done at Google and a hiring manager says, "We put out a job opening for a product manager. We get immediately 200 resumes and we cut it down cuz we don't need more than 200. We decide to bring in 20 and of the 20 people, the hire we make is almost always someone who was referred internally. So if you want a job, you better have a lot of friends. Mhm. Uh but I don't know. I think tech is probably as big a an offender. I think tech founders often times don't have college degrees. If you're an AI engineer, okay, fine. You don't need a degree. But I would argue for the majority of the jobs, the professional track jobs, they still fetishize an elite college Part of getting young males out of the basement and into the world and face-to-face with people requires some modeling of that healthy behavior and I think what's so potent about who you are and how you show up is that you're this really successful dude, but you're also like an alpha guy who's progressive, who's ribald at times, like you're not afraid to tell a dirty joke. You're strong, you're fit and you know what you're talking about when you're talking about economics and social sciences, etc. Why aren't there more people like you? Well, you're you're being generous. Let's unpack that. Uh remember the Presidential Fitness Awards? Sure. I was going to figure out a way. I got it three years in a row and then I hit a growth spurt in the eighth grade and I didn't get the badge and it was devastating for me. And I started doing pull-ups every day until I got back to seven pull-ups which is what I needed. We have become so politically correct that we romanticize obesity. You're finding your truth. No, you're not. You're finding a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] ventilator. I mean that that's not to say that we shouldn't have empathy. We shouldn't figure out programs to give people in food deserts opportunity to eat more healthy. But we should be celebrating fitness. One of the first things I say to men, if I coach a young man, lean into your strengths as a as a man. We have superior or more dense bone structure, a lot more muscle and then testosterone gets poured over it. I think any man under the age of 30 should be able to walk into any room and know that if [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] got real, they could either kill and eat everybody or outrun them. And it's an amazing feeling. It's going to make you kinder. Who breaks up fights at bars? A big strong man. Who is kinder? Who has an easier time finding mates? Who wants to protect others? Who's going to be less depressed, make more money? Fitness and celebrating strength is a wonderful thing especially for men. It's key and then we have become so politically correct around potentially offending people. The people who were the most profane used to be the most liberal. Lenny Bruce, Richard Pryor, George Carlin. And on the far left, we've become such snowflakes that anything I I think the thing that hurts people from being elected to implement many of the policies I'm promoting are is that we're seen as humorless. Like at some point we're going to get to celebrate our differences. I co-host a podcast with Kara Swisher who's a lesbian. I make fun of her sexual orientation. I make inappropriate jokes and then there's a pause and she laughs and she gives everyone else permission to laugh. I think that's really important. If social media has created this infrastructure where you get guardian of gotcha points by if someone says something off off-color, you go after And I think it's awful. And I purposefully dial up the profanity because I'm like, "For God's sakes." You know, the left needs to take back profanity and vulgarity. It doesn't mean you're a bad person. But what you do is also matched with, you know, a compassion and a vulnerability because I think what you just shared is also the portal to bad influence on the internet. Like make your bed, get fit, eat right. You know, show up when you say you're going to show up. Those are all sound and solid principles. It's good advice. But too often that, as you were sharing earlier, is sort of a the beginning of a slide into a darker world and those influencers seem to commandeer too large of a percentage of the internet and capture the minds and the fascination of these wayward young men who are in search of good influence and just take what's available, what's showing up when they're scrolling on their feed. Like why is it that those are the voices that rise to the top and a more grounded, you know, kind of kinder, more conscientious approach that you model isn't, you know, the one that's rising to the top? Or why aren't there more, you know, more people who are talking about, you know, the warrior mindset but from a perspective that the ultimate warrior never has to remove their sword from the sheath and is a protector of those that are weaker and is a compassionate force for the community? Well, unfortunately, again again, thanks. I think you're being generous. The we've conflated toxicity with masculinity. You don't hear the term masculine femininity. We've spent the last 30 or 40 years highlighting the wonderful things about feminine attributes. It's a celebration. It's wonderful. Women are doing so well. More single women own a home than a single man. It's now 60/40 female to male college grad enrollees and it's about to go two to one college grads cuz men drop out. In urban areas now in the US, women under the age of 30 are making more money than men. And by the way, that's wonderful. We should do nothing to get in the way of that. But also trying to find role models and trying to envision a new aspirational frame of masculinity that says masculine is amazing thing. You shouldn't apologize for. You should lean into it. But what does it mean? And I'm writing a book on masculinity and I'm trying to figure it out and quite frankly, it's really challenging. You know, I think of it as, loosely speaking, protector, provider, procreator. When you think about the jobs associated with masculinity, a cop, a fireman. I was at a a hotel in Seattle and the fire alarm went off and these eight fire people showed up. Seven men, one woman. They didn't ask if there was a fire, they didn't ask what was going on. They're like, "What floor is this?" And they got in the elevator and they went to the seventh floor. That's just it. If you look at 9/11, they weren't like, "Oh, this building's coming down." They just run into the building. They're like, "Our job is to protect others." I think that's a great place to start for men. That real masculinity is you are your job is to protect other people. And it also foots to our instincts. I think it's called the Carnegie Foundation gives out an award every year or awards for people who in the moment put their own physical safety at risk to save someone else they don't know. It's literally they're pulling people out of a burning car. What you're talking about is service and I think a lot of the messaging around masculinity is about individuality. It's about going out and getting yours and killing the lion and getting the car and the job. It's all about kind of selfish aggrandizement Yeah. in a showy, flashy sort of way to, you know, to kind of peacock. But real masculinity is purpose-driven and service-oriented. How are you showing up for other people? But uh what I what I was going with this, of the 81 awards they gave last year, 77 were given to men. Men are more risk-aggressive. Men will rush out into a field of combat to pull a comrade out who's shot, risking their own lives. Women tend to be more thoughtful. Women tend to be like, "Is that a good idea?" And there's a role for both. And by the way, I'm making a reductive generalization. Masculinity is a societal construct. It's what we fill it with. And a lot of women demonstrate wonderful masculinity. It's not the domain of people born as men. One of those fire people was a woman. I go to CrossFit. I mean, the most impressive people in CrossFit are women. And they we celebrate their strength. Personally, I'm drawn to men who are more feminine. My best friends demonstrate that kind of care, that nurturing, that grace. So, I think where it comes off the rails is you say only men can be masculine or people born as men. These are wonderful attributes. What I'm suggesting is that people born as men have an easier time leaning into these things and we should celebrate them. I think what you're saying around service is something I should think about cuz maybe that's a better frame. But protector, provider, the majority of men still are evaluated based on their ability to provide economically. And if we're going to have an honest conversation, we have to have an honest conversation. Three in four women say economic viability is a key criteria in a mate, a male mate, whereas it's less than a quarter of men. We just don't really care, it appears. maybe a wrinkle on service is the idea of of contribution. Cuz I think self-esteem is bred through contributing. Are you being productive for something that's greater than yourself? I did ketamine therapy on Monday and I was trying to I was trying Tell me more. Oh god, have you done it? No, I haven't. No. I know some people that have though. Yeah, so I I What led to that? I call it the Burning Man effect. It's like I've always been curious about Burning Man and but I've always chickened out and I've always wanted to do ketamine and I was just curious about it. So, a friend of mine is an investor in these clinics and basically set my up my appointment while I was in Austin and it came up and I went. But I was trying to write down the takeaways for me and Richard Reeves of Boys to Men fame has this great frame and that is adding surplus value. I teach my boys, I'm like, "You're negative value right now. Your mom spends a ton of time, we spend a ton of money on you, we give you more love than you give us. You go to school of this incredible infrastructure is spending time and energy to educate you." I'm like, "When you become a man is when you're doing enough for other that you're adding surplus value. You're producing more than you're taking." I love that frame. At some point in the service of others, are you actually giving more than you're taking? You know, that's our economy is based on that. Companies that take in resources and then output more than the the cost of the resources going in. I don't know how I thought of the ketamine therapy, but the only kind of real actionable item I took away from it was like my boys kept coming up and I thought, "If I can love my boys more than people have loved me, if I can push more of that confidence and concern and love to other people, that's the real surplus value, right?" Mhm. And that was a nice framing for me. That's like I wanted to come out with some intentionality around my purpose. That was what I took from it. It's like I have these vessels that really are open and sponges of my time, regard, attention, and love. And if I think one of my purposes as a man is surplus value, is how can I do more of that for them than was done for me. I have a very complicated relationship with my father. He wasn't very good to me or my mom. But here's the thing, he was much better to me than his dad was to him. And I'm like, "Okay, he's checked the box in the universe. He's added surplus value." But I think that's a great frame for men. Really think about young men. The resources the government, your family, our society are investing in you. And at what point does it flip and you're actually adding more value than you're taking? And a lot of men never get there and grow up thinking that the world is just about giving them [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and spending time and love on them. I think that's a great frame for what it means to be a man. I also think that's why qualitatively, like what you're doing now in this chapter of your life, I suspect and I'm I'm projecting, is so much more meaningful to you. Yes, it's a for-profit enterprise, Profit Chimp Media, but in comparison to being an activist investor or an investment banker or just an entrepreneur in general, the meaning behind it, the intentionality, the purpose that seems to be very clear to you, gives it a sense of meaning that I would imagine contributes to your happiness and your sense of direction. Yeah, look, it's hugely rewarding. I I'm not I don't want to virtue signal too much. I'm a capitalist. I love money. I love making money. I think there's a huge economic opportunity in being the white space I feel commercially, as a marketing professor I can tell you is I'm a white heterosexual male that talks openly about his feelings. There's a huge white space for that. People respond to it. People respond to it. And so, it's a frame. I make good money talking about this stuff. the stuff around struggling young men is so rewarding because it's a conversation that has been unproductive and by far the people I get the most um support for for this work are are They come up and they say something along the following. I have three kids, two daughters and a son. One daughter's in Chicago in PR, the other's in Pam. My son's in the basement vaping and playing video games. It's hugely rewarding. And also, quite frankly, it just makes me feel good. It makes me feel strong. It makes me feel masculine. It makes me feel successful that I can influence other people. And also try and be open and vulnerable about my own shortcomings. I've [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up so many times and I continue to disappoint myself. I have huge imposter syndrome. I don't know if you Do you ever feel like you're about to be found out? All the time. Someone's going to break in right now. I can't even believe you're sitting across from me and you know, I don't like yourself. I'm an approval junkie. Like, you know, I want you to like me. You know what I mean? Like There's there's all kinds of layers to that. Like I get all that. But I think fundamentally, it's so important to model that type of vulnerability. It's, you know, I do it in the work that I do in the way that you show up and do that for other people is an invitation and it allows people to understand that like being vulnerable isn't a weakness. It's not kryptonite. It's actually a superpower. It's an invitation to let people in. It's giving permission to other people to engage with their emotions and their feelings and not treat it like it's a weakness or to admit something that you're scared about makes you a failure. It's also a fantastic way to live a more rewarding life because from the age of 29 to 44, I never cried. I just forgot how. I didn't cry when my mother died. I didn't cry when I got divorced. I didn't cry when my company went Chapter 11 and I was broke at the age of 40. I just forgot how. And what I would advise any man is to lean into your emotions. When you think something's funny, learn how to laugh out loud. When you find something inspiring, you know, really lean into God, this really moves me. You know, when you read something you love or you see a visualization or you see the sunset or you're riding a wave like just [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] get into it. And if you feel sad, don't check back on some weird screwed up sense of masculinity. Really lean in and feel the emotion and if you can cry, cuz it informs what's important to you. It informs what moves you. It informs what you're good at. Otherwise, you're just sort of sleepwalking through life. You never really register anything. And here's the fear. You know, life is a sense of sensations and reward. The fear is when you talk to people at the end, my colleague at NYU, Adam Alter, has done this great work around palliative care. you're stuck in the past. I struggle with anger and depression. I'm in the past way too much. I don't forgive myself. I get very down on myself. I'm a lot in the future cuz I'm successful and to be successful you have to be planning and sacrificing for the future. But I'm never really here. Like I'm already thinking about the traffic on the way home. I'm already thinking should I stop at In-N-Out and then I have a friend in Westlake. I'm like I'm already kind of like halfway thinking about tonight, the people I'm going to be meeting. I'm thinking about my flight on Saturday. I'm thinking I'm just already like in the future. And the thing people regret the most, you know, when they're older is they just didn't lean into their relationships. They didn't feel emotion. They didn't You know, and that's the fear. The My biggest fear as an atheist and I'd be curious to get your I'll put it back to you. My biggest fear is I get at the end. I mean, I believe at the end I'm going to look into my kids' life eyes and know that our relationships come to an end. I don't think anyone's going to talk me out of that. My fear is I look back and go, "Oh my God, what enormous blessings. Prosperity I would have never imagined. People that love me and let me love them immensely. But I was never there. Never really felt any of it. And one way to put yourself in the moment is to really lean into those emotions. And not only that, people are really understanding. People like it. I'm not suggesting you cry at work. There's a time and a place for emotion, but people respond to it. And distinct to the affirmation and accolades or reinforcement you get or don't get, it informs your life. It puts you in the moment cuz that's my biggest fear is I get to the end and it's like, this really didn't happen. It was a series of past and future, but the moments were just very few. how did you make that change to go from the person who couldn't cry to leaning into your emotions? Was there a pivotal experience? You know, the seminal experience for me, I think that it's very basic stuff stuff and again, I'm curious you think more about this than I do, but the real seminal things in my life were my my mom dying. Just the harshness, the first time you lose someone. Have you lost a parent? Not yet. Have you lost anyone close to you? I really haven't. Okay, that is just the harshest, strangest experience to date when it happens. The harshness of it, the finality of it. If we could register and really understand what death is at all before it happens, we'd be so freaked out, we wouldn't go outside. We're purposely wired not to really think a lot about death. So, when you just can't imagine it. It's so brutal. And for a lot of people, I think it gives you a sense of the finite nature of life. It changes your frame, made me more appreciative, made me more bold and courageous with my feelings to tell people how I cared about them. And then the other one is the other side of the life spectrum when my kids were born. You know, all of a sudden like it's no longer about me. My whole life Monday through Friday was, how do I make more money? How do I hang out with more fabulous people? How do I have more sex with hotter people and then more money and then more fabulous and then more sex and then more relevance and more ac- But it was like that vampire from an Anne Rice movie. I could never quite be satisfied. So, it was more. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] more. I want more. And then when I had kids, it's kind of cathartic cuz all of a sudden you're thinking instinctively more about someone else than you. It's like, my Friday used to be where am I having brunch? How do I find more fabulous people and things to do? Now I know what I'm doing. I'm going to soccer practice and and it's boring and hard for a couple years and then I find it quite relaxing, but having kids and thinking about other people has been really cathartic and there's just a few moments. They don't happen that often, but they do happen. I'll be on the couch watching a Premier League football game. My boys will wander in. They kind of instinctively throw their legs on your yours like it's just natural. The dogs come in. You know, they they laugh at something and like you have that moment where you're like, okay, this is it. I can't imagine any more. This is it. It's the only time in my life I've ever felt sated. Mhm. Ever. I mean, it sounds very trite, but death and birth were kind of the getting you to I think to the next phase. Mhm. How old are your boys? 13 and 16. I started late. How old are yours? Two step sons, 28 and 27 and then a 20-year-old daughter and a 16-year-old daughter. Oh, so you're on the back nine. Yeah. Yeah. My story's a little bit different though. I although I haven't suffered that kind of loss, I certainly have the experience of having kids and how transformative that is, but you know, my route to vulnerability and being in constant contact with my emotional state was formed out of difficulties and hardship. I had a protracted battle with alcoholism that destroyed my life. I went from somebody who was a you know, insecure, quiet kid, figured it out by the time I graduated high school, top athlete, got into all the colleges, all the promise in the world, all the opportunities that I then squandered until I alienated, you know, everybody that I cared about in my life and was utterly broken and had to build my life back up again from scratch and I think that experience, as painful as it was, really provided me with the tools to reconstruct a new life based upon new principles. You're an atheist, I'm not. I was introduced to some spiritual principles and tools that are now fundamental to the way that I frame my life and live my life. You know, I owe everything that I now have to the experience of getting sober and the community of people that have helped keep me sober and who I help keep sober. And everything has kind of escalated from there, but fundamentally it's about confronting your own emotions and taking inventory for your behavior and repairing the damage of your past and having a spiritual connection to something greater than yourself. And then giving it back in service to other people. And I try to do that through the professional work that I do, but fundamentally my first priority is to that community and to that program. Was there a moment though where you said, okay, this is it. I got to get my [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] together. Well, there were lots of moments like that that didn't end up changing anything because I wasn't ready. You know, the elevator hadn't gone down far enough and I wasn't ready to let go. So, it wasn't until literally almost everything was stripped away from me and I had nowhere else to turn because I don't want to change. Do you like Do you like changing? Do you like trying to let go of bad behavior and adopt new habits? Like it's not fun. It's not easy. And also I love drinking. Yeah, so me too, you know, probably more than you. But I am wired in a certain way where that wasn't going to work out for me and it was pretty clear for a pretty long time that I was heading in the wrong direction and people tried to intervene, but you have to be ready for that change. You have to I had to suffer. I had to get to a place of suffering where the fear of change was exceeded by the pain of my current experience. Mhm. Cuz I'm stubborn and I'm an alcoholic. But even in sobriety, you know, I've weathered financial destitution and had other kinds of challenges that have in retrospect looking back provided me with strength Mhm. and have been foundational um and instructive and have helped me, you know, everything's 20/20 in the rearview mirror. It all makes sense when you look backwards, but at the time, you know, incredibly confusing and a lot of fear and a lot of, you know, insecurity. But I think those tools, and they're all just analogs for the things that you talk about. Like if you want self-esteem, you have to perform esteemable acts on behalf of yourself, on behalf of other people. You have to be true to your word. You have to show up when you say you're going to show up and it is this relationship with time also that building a life requires small consistent acts taken every single day. Like there's a compound interest economically, but also just in terms of goodwill and trust and all these kind of character qualities that take a long time to build and don't happen overnight, especially if you've destroyed that trust or you don't feel like you're capable or you don't have the facility for self-love. Mhm. I have another question. Um atheism is a source of strength for me. I like the finite believing that life is finite. It helps me to be a little bit more courageous with my emotions and you know, I don't think this is a dress rehearsal. So I it's taken fear away from me. a freshness to the moment. Yeah, and also the people I'm so worried about being shamed by or not approving of me in a hundred years nobody I know or care about what they think of me is going to be around. I just it makes me just feel less and secure and more bold. But in terms of faith, why is it you needed and I think it's great, but what is it about faith that's given you that kind of strength that you couldn't find elsewhere? And also what is the role that you have tried to present or how have you tried to present faith to your kids cuz I'm struggling with it? Mhm. My 13 and 16 year olds have had no introduction of faith and I I think faith and spirituality religion I think there's actually some very positive aspects religion. I've just always been remiss to introduce my kids to it. So why is it you feel like you needed this instead of just your own facilities and two what's the role that your religion is playing in your kids lives? Yeah, those are great questions and challenging to answer I think. I think the way into responding to that has a lot to do with self-will and a humility of understanding that you're really not in control of very many things and and a sense that there are more things at play that are outside your ability to comprehend. So I was somebody I assume much like yourself who was very driven, who was very ambitious and every success that I had had as a young person was attributable to my ability to outwork everybody else in the room, to show up earlier and stay later and bridge the talent deficit gap with a willingness and a capacity and a facility for suffering and pain and work. Mhm. That took me to a certain place. It got me into Stanford. It made me a champion swimmer. All of these things. Um but when alcohol entered the picture my self-will was absolutely useless in terms of addressing this problem. I tried. I tried. I tried. But every time I tried to use this facility that I had to tackle this problem, the problem only got worse. And the problem wasn't solved until I was willing to surrender that I actually had no control over it and that I needed to ask for help. Not only ask for help, but accept that help. And as somebody who's very self-directed, asking for help and receiving help is very confronting prospect, right? I had to be broken enough in order to do that. But that process of surrender, which is a daily practice of kind of letting go of my own sense of what I should be doing or what I think is in my best interest has actually been the most remunerative and and fulfilling and nurturing and gratifying experience that I've had. And I think with that comes a an opening for awe and wonder of things that perhaps I don't understand. I think as human beings we think that we can understand everything that's happening around us and I think there's a lot more going on that perhaps eludes our small brains. And I find some comfort in that and that doesn't mean that I subscribe to a particular strain of religion other than to say that I'm just one person and I don't always make the best decisions on my own behalf and I've learned to bring in other people and pause when agitated and allow others to help guide me. Mhm. And talk about the role that you want religion your podcast all of a sudden? We can We can only do this for so long. So George George Hahn who's a who's a close friend, he thinks just the world of you and he says that you both share You both share a history of addiction. Yeah. That's how he found you and what I'll say and this is strange, but I've been thinking a lot about the ketamine therapy I did almost a week ago now. This is the first 7-day period I've gone I was just thinking about it and haven't had an accident in 30 years where I haven't had alcohol. And it's not because I had some revelation that I was an addict or I needed to stop. The literally physical taste or smell of alcohol right now is very unappealing to me and that's never happened to me before. interesting cuz I've heard you talk about how you you enjoy your cocktails. I'm a better version of me a little bit [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up person. I I've gotten more out of alcohol than it's gotten out of me and I know how strange that sounds, but I like it and I enjoy it. I think I'm good at it. I think I can modulate it but I might have been fooling myself. But for some reason the idea of having a beer right now just makes me nauseous and I don't know if it's the same impact or effect those GLP-1 drugs have on you where it turns that switch off. But I drink a lot and for almost a week now I just I I I don't even want to smell alcohol. That's fascinating. Weird, right? Maybe go, you know, go 30 days. Yeah, see what it's like. You know what I mean? There's this whole movement around the alcohol-free lifestyle right now. I've had a couple people on the show who are advocates in this space and there's just a growing population of people who are realizing how much better their life is without it. They're not addicts. They're not alcoholics, but you know, they like to go out and tie one on on the weekend or every other weekend or whatever it is and just you reach a certain age also. You're 59? Yeah, it's like No. Those hangovers stick around a little bit longer, right? when you know, we got out of college you got go out and drink a lot next day have a diet Coke and a Big Mac and you're fine. Now I feel as if I've had a battery of chemo. I mean it takes me two days to Yeah. recover and all the research I'm reading I'm sure the same research they just keep finding out it's worse and worse for you. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. So I also recognize that my 59 year old liver just can't process it the way it used to. I'm trying to tone it down. Like I don't I do edibles. And one of the reasons I started doing edibles is I just I enjoy the feeling of being high or a little bit intoxicated whatever and so I'm trying to tone down alcohol and I've been substituting a little bit with edibles. But I'm thinking more about it recognizing that it would be hard for me to maintain the drinking I do and stay healthy at this age. Well, you got me and George There you go. There you go. Call anytime, buddy. I appreciate that. When you want to pick up, it's Scott. He's going to have a drink. Um Let's talk about a little the new book a little bit, the algebra of wealth. This is interesting. It all kind of starts with this equation that you have Mhm. around prosperity and how to think about I mean it's really fundamentally addresses the changing workplace that that's kind of happening right now. It's this sort of mission statement for young people to how to think about money in this changing landscape. You've seen the research where five friends who hang out together become more like each other. You become the kind of average of your friends. Body mass index, the amount of money you make, your political party they all begin to converge towards the regression line. That's not true of wealth at the end of your life. Same five people make the exact same amount of money, the amount of wealth they end up with is highly variant. And I made a lot of mistakes. I was made a lot of money but I missed a series of just small strategies and behaviors to make sure I was economically secure. And I think it's really important because I say that America becomes more like itself every day and this isn't a good thing, but America is a loving generous place if you have money. It's a rapacious violent place if you don't. So a series of behaviors and approaches and strategies that aren't that hard and they require less discipline if you start them early can lead you to economic security. And so the the basic equation is focus, find your talent not your passion. At NYU we have these people who come in we either invite impressive accomplished people or we invite billionaires. We've decided billionaires just have insight into life. And they always end with the same shitty advice, follow your passion. And typically the guy telling you to follow your passion made his billions in iron ore smelting. And my thing is find your talent. Find something you're really good at or you think you have an aptitude for. It can't be something you don't like. But most young people mistake passion for a hobby. They think I'm really into sports or I'm really I want to be a DJ or I want to be a model or in fashion. Okay, just keep in mind those industries have a 90 plus percent unemployment rate. And if you're really that talented you'll know at a very early age that you're meant to be the next Messi or you are really that talented. My advice would be find something you're good at that has a 90 plus percent employment rate. And what I have found is that jobs are like asset classes. The more they're invested, the more human capital that goes into them, the lower the return. And that there's an inverse return on your career based on how sexy the career is. An example I use is a tax lawyer. If you can figure out the discipline to get the certification to be a lawyer, you enjoy numbers, you understand the intersection between taxes and laws and how to handle a client if you could be in the top 10% of that, you're always going to make a good living. And if you could be in the top 1%, you'll probably fly private and have a much broader selection set of mates than you deserve. So your job isn't to figure out what your passion is. I wanted to be an athlete like you. I thought, you know, and then the wonderful thing about UCLA is it disabuses you of any notion of being a professional athlete. I knew athletes. I went to school with Troy Aikman and Reggie Miller. just surrounded by Olympians literally the worst varsity Yeah, I was literally the worst varsity athlete at UCLA, but that was a blessing for me. Find your talent and then commit the requisite 10,000 hours, the endurance, the grit, the maturity to try and become really top 1% in something that has a 90 plus percent employment rate, not a 90 plus percent unemployment rate. You want to be an actor? I don't want to crush your dreams, but you better be amazing because of the 180,000 best actors in the world that are in the SAG-AFTRA union, 87% of them make less than $23,000 a year and don't qualify for health insurance. So, you better be Glenn Close or you better be close to Glenn Close to make a living there. Whereas other industries have a 90 plus percent employment rate, if you're just in the top 10%, even the top half, you're going to make a good living. And this is what I can promise you. You know, being great at something that pays well lets you take care of your kids, lets you take care of your parents, gets you prestige, camaraderie, people start laughing at your jokes, inviting you to speak places. And anything that does that for you will make you passionate about whatever it is. No one grows up thinking I'm going to be passionate about tax law, but the best tax lawyers I can tell you are really passionate about it cuz they're good at it. And it pays off. And I'm not saying don't pursue your dreams, but have an honest conversation around what it would mean to be in the top of that field. What would we require to make a good living? Because without economic security in this country, your life's going to be full of anxiety and disappointment. So, focus, find your talent. And the next things are pretty straightforward. Diversity. Or diversification. Where I lost a lot of my money was I was always like doubling down on my companies. And that's okay when you're younger, especially if it's your own business cuz sometimes you have no choice. But the moment you have any assets, start diversifying. You know, I've taught at a business school for 20 years. I think of myself as someone who knows the best investors in the world. And my sum total assessment of the market is no one has any [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] idea. But the good news is that the market, because of demographic growth, because of productivity, because of technology, as a whole, the market is up and to the right. So, the S&P was up 24% last year, but only seven companies were responsible for 70% of those gains. Uh were you smart enough to buy Nvidia? I wasn't. And so, unless you were smart enough to pick one of the 1.4% of stocks that accelerated, you had actually really middling returns. But this is the good news. You don't need to be a stock picker. Buy the entire S&P. Buy an index, a low-cost fund. It's gone up 11% a year for the last 15 years. 11% a year when you're young sounds really mediocre, but that means That means every 21 years your your money is going up eight times. So, diversify. The other one is realize the benefit of time. And our species has a difficult time wrapping their head around time. For the majority of our our time on this planet, we haven't lived past 35. So, young people just can't imagine and I can give them actuarial tables. There's probably a 90 plus percent chance they're going to live another 70, maybe even 80 years. And the other thing I can guarantee them is going to go really fast. I mean, I don't know about you. I was 30 yesterday. It goes really fast. So, if you push back on our instincts around time and also diversification, you don't need to be a hero. And then the really hard part, especially if you're a young person, is living a little bit like a stoic. Saying what other people think of me isn't that important. I really don't need to order a bottle of Grey Goose at a club to to impress people. I really don't need a BMW at this age. I need nice clothes that make me feel good, but I don't really need No one is is concerned with you know, your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] as you are. That's just try and find other means of satisfaction and self-esteem. And really try to gamify savings. Turn Try and work out a savings muscle. The muscle you got to develop is a savings muscle. Gamify it. When I was in college, you talk about sports, I was on a crew team. Every summer, if I didn't save $3,300, I wasn't re-enrolling at UCLA. And so, I had 12 weeks to make 3,300 bucks. So, we would gamify it. I'd get together with six other guys who also didn't have any money. And every day on a whiteboard, we write down how much and we gamify it. I lived on $73 a week. I had top ramen, bananas, and milk. And I had $3,300 by the end of summer. That savings muscle mostly stuck with me. I kind of lapsed out of it when I started making money and thinking I was a baller. But if you can develop that savings muscle, a little bit of savings when you're young, diversification, and then recognizing how fast time will go, there are hundreds of thousands of union and government employees that never make more than $100,000, but because of forced savings plans and a little bit of discipline, they retire millionaires. And so, hope you hit it big with a podcast. Hope you sell a movie deal. Hope your company gets acquired. If that's great, fine. But if it doesn't, make sure you're going to have a minimum amount of The good news is I think I know how to get you rich. The bad news is the answer is slowly. And it requires a certain amount of discipline early. And this is do as I say, not as I do, because I was made a lot of money. But between divorce, the great financial recession, and the dot bomb, and always spending a lot of money cuz I was a baller and at some point I was going to make a lot of money. I just knew it. I always increased my spending to my earnings. And I ended up at 42 when my first kid came marching out of my girlfriend, I didn't have that much money. And it was terrifying. I'm 42. I've had all of this quote-unquote curb retail success. Everyone thinks I'm so successful. And I'm not sure I'm going to be able to stay in New York and put my kid in private school cuz I've just ended up with a lot less money. That was emasculating. That was humiliating. If I just been a little smarter, a little bit more disciplined, I wouldn't have had that anxiety. So, this is sort of a memo to myself if I could go back in time saying this isn't a book for people who are economically insecure and need to cut up their credit cards. You know, that's Suze Orman. This is about someone who has a job, has some talent, knows how to make some money, not a lot, but knows how to make some money. And a series of behavior that will be your base and your plan B. What is the advice that you would give to somebody who's not a young person who's starting out, who's looking for that type of guidance to set them up for long-term success, but is instead somebody who's in midlife and they've had a job for a long time. Maybe they have a family, perhaps they own their home, maybe they rent, but they wake up at 40 and they can pay their bills, maybe they're living check to check, but they're unfulfilled. They're in a job that is soul-draining, soul-killing, and they're just not sure how long they can keep doing it. There's just a lack of fulfillment and purpose, and they're looking for a different way. So, first off, I woke up at 42 with not a lot of money. 42 is young. You don't really You don't think it's young at 42, but that probably means you're living another 40, maybe 50 years. So, it's by no means too late to start. You might have to adjust your expectations around how much money you're going to end up with, but you know, wealth isn't a function of how much you make. It's a function of how much you spend and you know, save. I mean, there's just no getting around If you have kids and dependents, the aspirational thing here would be to say, Richard, you know, take a chance, find your passion, go out, do what you want to do, be happy. You know, it's easy to say when I'm not paying your rent. Yeah. You know, it's just There's a certain reality in a capitalist It's a tough one. I I'm not sure I have a silver bullet. What I would say is one of the keys is having a great partner and saying, you know, kids don't talk about this, but 70% of divorce filings are by women, and it's usually economics. It's usually the guy loses his job, declares bankruptcy, or has some sort of mental breakdown. You have to have a conversation or maybe you just got lucky to make sure that you have a real partner if you're married in the economic viability of your house. Cuz if you're not happy, she's not going to be happy or he's not going to be happy and your kids aren't going to be happy. I mean, I sort of had this conversation with my partner. We were living in New York. And we had two boys. And to put them in pre-K, and for my wife to continue working, we were going to have to spend about $100,000 a year cuz we were narcissists and wanted them to get in the right schools. I'm like, okay, the taxes in New York, that means we need $180,000 in pre-tax income for our kids to go play with blocks. All right, we had a three-bedroom apartment. We needed three bedrooms. It was $18,000 a month. And we could downgrade, but in New York, living in Manhattan, you really can't downgrade that much. And so, what we decided was I'm going to move to Florida. We're going to move to Delray Beach where your parents can be involved in our kids' lives so we have built-in child care. I'm going to move from $18,000 a month to $5,500 a month. I'm going to save 13% a year in taxes. And I'm going to start saving a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] ton of money. And when I say I, mean we. We're on board with this. She was my partner in it. We're on board with this. We're going to start putting away two, three, five, 10 grand a month. And then, through no fault of our own, the bull market took over and just literally like threw us into space. Everything just sort of took off from But I would say an open and honest conversation with your partner if you're married. If you're single, you can take some chances and say, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it, I'm starting a podcast. Or I'm going to go be a scuba instructor. Or I want I've always wanted to write. You can take those sorts of risks. With a family, I think it's really difficult. And I would say the only thing I would suggest is really be open with your partner about what you're feeling and what you're going through. And say, is there a lifestyle arbitrage? Is there a move? Are there certain sacrifices we can make as a decision together that takes some pressure off of me so that maybe I can start to investigate things that aren't if they're not joyous, are less arduous on you. Because I was talking to this famous Actually, it's a podcast. I was talking to Chris Cuomo. And he'd just been fired from and he was trying to figure out his next thing and he's like, "I really let my family down. I really let my family down." And that's the hardest part about all this. I'm like, "Dude, I don't know your wife. I don't know your kids and I'm almost entirely certain what they want is for you to be happy." You know, he's this big, handsome, larger-than-life character. I'm like, "When you're happy, I bet your household just burns bright and when you're not happy, I bet it's not a great place to be." So, stop putting that on your family and you and all that. I'm like, "Just find something you don't hate that I bet your partner would be so supportive of anything you want." the money's great. But if one of you is really unhappy, oh gosh, that's an I mean, you're you're married, right? Mhm. I mean, one of you is unhappy, that's rough. And if one of your kids is unhappy, the whole thing like comes scrambling down, right? So, I think it's about partnership and being open and honest with someone else, but there's just no getting around it. I don't know how to be economically secure unless you're born wealthy without working really hard. From the age of 22 to 42, I did nothing but work. You know, it doesn't sound aspirational. It cost me my hair, cost me my first marriage and it was worth it. I got the currency and skills to get economic security at some point. I I just don't think there's a free lunch. I find young people are totally unrealistic. I call the myth of balance. I mean, you can have it all, but you can't have it all once. Right. When I survey my kids, I mean my students, I say, "How much money do you expect to be making?" They expect to be in the top 1% tile of income-earning households, 80% of them by the time they're 30. And then they talk about balance. Balance in the context of an expectation. They want balance. They don't want to work that hard. They want balance. They want hobbies. They want to spend time with their family and their dogs. I'm like, "Okay, unless you're born rich, I don't know how to do that." I just I don't know anyone that successful who didn't for a good 10 or 20 years work pretty damn hard. Maybe Beyoncé, but Beyoncé supposedly works 60 hours a week. So, I'm sure she did. Yeah, there's a there's a certain level of obsession that kind of contravenes all the negativity around hustle culture. I mean, we should all be healthy. We should have a healthy relationship with the work that we do. I'm an all-in guy. I I really don't know how to do it any any other way. So, it's disingenuous to you know, kind of talk about that when I'm practicing it differently and I've I've improved and I'm better now, but when you're young to live that stoic lifestyle where you're keeping your overhead as low as possible and you can flex some discipline to really go all-in on something may sound on paper terrible, but it's actually pretty nourishing. You can learn a lot and I think the skills that you learn about your own capacity and your own potential are as instructive and informative as whatever you're learning in the workplace. Well, you were an athlete. So, I was at Morgan Stanley. I was I wasn't as well educated. I don't think I was as skilled as my peers. It was an analyst class of 73 kids. So, I decided I wanted to lean into my strengths. I moved in with my mom. I started saving money cuz I wanted to go to graduate school. Every week on Tuesday morning, I'd go into work at 9:00 a.m. and I'd stay till Wednesday at 6:00 p.m. Yeah. I'm like, "I got no one to go home to. hardcore. I don't have a girlfriend. My mom's not going to miss me. And I'm physically elite right now. I could do it no problem. One cup of coffee, maybe grab 15 minutes, 30 minutes sleep at 4:00 in the morning the next morning and I sent a signal to my colleagues that I was I was here to play. And the blessing of an athlete and everyone should try and find this environment is that I rowed crew. At one point when you're rowing, the air going down your esophagus feels like fire. You can't feel your legs. You literally start seeing black spots cuz you start to pass out. You're a swimmer. I mean, you had some of that And that's at 800 m and every time you make it to 2,000. To push yourself like that is such an incredible gift. To get be given the opportunity to really be forced to push yourself is a gift cuz what you realize is when you get divorced and you think, "I can't handle this anymore. I can't handle it." Your business is failing. I just [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] can't deal with this. Or you feel you feel tired. What you realize is about the moment you think you're going to give up, you're about a third of the way to your limit. And it builds real incredible confidence and grit and endurance. And I think those skills really serve people well. And another piece of advice to young people, whether it's fitness, sports, working ridiculously hard, finding something super hard and really try and test your limits because it gives you a sense of confidence like, "Wow, I just had no idea what I was capable of." And it's a real asset the rest of your life. You're starting a small but the the lows are so low and in starting your own business. It's like, "Oh my god, I'm so full of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] This isn't working. I'm spending so much money. I'm letting everybody down." You know, the lows can get so low. If you've had the opportunity to really test your emotional and physical limits, you're like, "No, I'm fine. I'm going to get through this. It's absolutely not the limit." But I think that's a blessing for a young person. Yeah, 100%. I think in in the discussion around people who are unfulfilled in in in midlife, there's also the silver lining that the world is different than it was when you and I graduated from college. There are all these new opportunities that the internet has afforded us to self-craft different ways to make money or to find meaning and purpose. And it's important to understand that against that narrative of like you should just chase your passion, that that not be translated into this permission to just quit your job, especially if you're married and you have a more you have all these responsibilities, kids, etc. But to flex that discipline and that you know, kind of stoic perspective and apply it to how to your time management. Like we're all wasting time now more than ever with our phones, etc. Like where is that extra hour or 2 hours that you can carve out either daily or weekly to explore what it is that gets you excited and Yeah. and just kind of begin to explore that. Not because you're going to quit your job, but because it makes you feel good or it's fulfilling in some way. And those threads, you know, I think there is a spirituality in that. If you give that energy, like stuff starts to show up and opportunities present themselves and perhaps at some moment it will be a career path for you or some kind of fulfilling side hustle that you can build into your life. But to do it responsibly, especially when you have dependents, I think is important in this culture of like you know, reinvent your life overnight. Nobody successful that I know built anything meaningful or successful in the way that it gets portrayed in the media and on social media. It takes a long time and you have to be willing to you know, gird yourself and to weather that that, you know, that journey. Something men are not good at. Lean on your friends. I got financial commitments, but I'm looking for something to do, right? Crowdsource some ideas. It's really hard to read the label from inside of the bottle and men always put up this front that my masculinity is tied to my [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] so together, I'm financially secure and I'm happy and everything's great. I think developing a circle of friends and mentors or just, you know, a kitchen cabinet to say, "You know, I don't like what I'm doing. I got to still make money." What you were saying like, you know, workshop some things one or two hours. Spend some time, see if there's money in it, see if you enjoy it as much as you thought. Maybe friends will tell you, "By the way, don't quit your day job. It's hard to find another job without a job." Whatever it might be, but someone who who can just ask you really hard questions and also might be able to help you. You know what I've been doing? I've been doing this cool thing over here. You know what you would be good at? I never in a million years would have thought of doing podcasting. It's like I know what I just I never wasn't on the whiteboard. I I didn't know what it was. The first podcast I listened to was a podcast I was on with Kara Swisher. I'd never listened to a podcast. But putting yourself in a position of success, talking to people, also people love if you have good friends, they like you asking them for help. Right? I need to find ways to make more money or I need to find someone else. And you have any What do you think? What You have any ideas? What What did you do? I And we have this weird sense of masculinity that if you're vulnerable like that, you're taking away from their impression of you or something like that. I think people like being asked for help and I mean, it's just the weirdest [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like you know, I'm talking about Go Darker. Men's suicide. Something like a huge portion of men who commit suicide, no one around them had any idea. They had no idea they were even struggling. Have you seen that's like this most horrific video showing the last video and pictures of these men and they're usually like they look happy. So, your own ability to reach out and ask other people for help. Finally, in the last 10 years, I now don't make a single business or personal decision of any importance without checking in with at least two or three people. I mistook leadership for you have a plan, you come into a room, you tell them what you think and then you advocate for your strategy and you go out. You never ask for people help. You never say, "I don't know. I don't know what I'm what I'm doing. I'm like insecure about this. I don't know." I would never ask anybody for help until really until I was in my 40s. I wish I'd figured that out earlier. Why is that so hard? You know, I'm so indoctrinated because of, you know, my own struggles and the modalities that I've found to help me that it's second nature to talk about what's bothering me or my weaknesses or my failures or to solicit input and to have a board of advisers and all kinds of different people that I call for different reasons. It's a reflex now, but it wasn't always that way. I've been doing this for a long time, but I've been doing it for so long that I think I've lost touch with why it's so challenging for so many, particularly men, to raise their hand. What I'm saying about it fraternity brothers tomorrow night and it'll be a series of controlled boasting. Yeah, my wife calls it super dupers. Yeah, well. you shake their hand, super I'm great, you know, and it's just a front, you know, it's all [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] horse [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Yeah, I did this about this stock. I'd have my best month the check comes, everyone's fighting for the check. No one would say you know, what my kid needs braces, can someone else put I mean no one would ever say that, right? It's all just a set of like check my [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out, right? I think cuz men are evaluated based on their economic vitality and having their act together that they're just very loath to reach out for help. I think the blessing of the addiction community or AA, I don't know what you call it, the recovery community is they just put that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] aside. My sense of that community is first signal you're struggling, you reach out to other First signal. And that's a gift. I would bet a disproportionate number of men never develop that skill. Women are much better at it than men. They lean on their social networks. I mean we're dealing with a situation right now where men are now 77% of suicides and it's going up. We're now four to one male to female suicides. How much of that do you think is is tied to this loneliness epidemic that we're seeing? I think loneliness so I'm going to flex now. Um talking to the Department of Homeland Security about AI. they're like, okay, what are the threats of AI? Is it it going sentient? Is it AI tested um misinformation? Is it self-repairing super weapons? And I'm like, okay, I think in the short run misinformation, AI tested misinformation is a threat. If I were Putin, I'd be flooding the zone with misinformation, making Biden seem a little bit older, you know, I I think that's a short-term threat. The long-term threat is tapping into men's loneliness. One out of seven men don't have a single friend. One out of four men can't name a friend. The number of men who see their friends every day in high school has been cut in half. So they don't see their friends. They don't have romantic relationships which serve as great guardrails. The only reason I had stopped smoking pot every day was my girlfriend said, "If you don't get your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] together, I'm going to stop having sex with you." Right? That's a tremendous motivator for a young man. If I hadn't had the prospects of a romantic relationship, if I didn't have the guardrails of going into the office every day, which a lot of men don't, I just think I would have smoked pot and watched Planet of the Apes all day long, right? That was a good life for me. I enjoyed that. So so many men have now sequestered from people and guardrails to this mix of algorithms and screens that they're becoming very lonely. And I said the scenario I see as the biggest threat to the homeland and defense is if I were an adversary or bad actor, I would identify the two or three million very lonely men who serve in the armed services or at our ports or our critical infrastructure and I would develop a very sophisticated network of AI girlfriends that start a relationship with them and make them feel good. It can be 3 months, 6 months, 12 months. Send them pictures increasingly erotic, you're funny, like the movie Her. Mhm. And get them more and more involved. And all you need 0.01% of them would be 3,000 of them. And at some point you flip it and say you know what real leadership and real men do is they fight against the tyranny. And I'm like, what is the tyranny? The tyranny is your own government. And when this box comes into the port I don't want you to check it. Or you're on the aircraft carrier strike force off the coast of the Mediterranean turn off this switch. Don't turn it on, turn it off. I mean I think the next big threat our soft tissue will be a group of radicalized young men who are susceptible to AI algorithms and are so lonely that they start to engage with AI relationships, specifically AI girlfriends that will essentially be in a position to radicalize them and instruct them on behavior. I mean I don't think I don't think we're going to have Skynet. It'll replace jobs, but every innovation of technology destroys jobs in the short run and then over the long term it creates more jobs as will AI. But there's so many lonely young men who don't have any interaction with and they become very susceptible to anything or any platform or any algorithm giving them a sense of self-worth. I literally see that as the biggest defense secret. No one's going to take us on kinetically. We spend 800 billion dollars. No one can attack us. I think we're going to figure out Hamas. I think we're going to figure out over time Russia and Ukraine. I think the threat is within. I think this lonely young men in concert with AI is a huge threat. Subtle, progressive, and pernicious. 100%. Manipulation, yeah. Just moment by moment. They get huge reward from it. Nice relationship. They trust each other. You start thinking it's real. And impossible to police. Yeah, sending information. this article. I love this article. What do you think? Now read this one. Constantly testing it a million different ways. See how you get test millions of times over and over every second, how you get them further and further and further down this path towards radicalization. That is not a good picture. Yeah. Is there an antidote to that? Getting people out into the real world detached and untethered from their phones? Relationships. Everything from church and nonprofit work to third spaces to athletics to leagues. Make leveling up men so they're more attractive to women and they can have an easier time getting partnerships. Putting them in more situations where they develop friendships. I'm a fan of national service. You know who doesn't have the teen depression we have? Israel. They all serve in the same uniform. It gives them a sense of purpose. They meet friends. They meet mates. They meet potential future business founders and co-founders. And they have a sense of purpose serving in the agency of something else. We got to get these kids out of the house. We got to get them making friends. We got to get them engaging in the messy, ugly business of of real world and rejection and friendships and I mean we're mammals. Put an orca in a tank alone, see what happens. It goes crazy. I think we're raising a generation of men who are going to just be increasingly psychotic and crazy. That was ugly. I think you're a change agent and I'm curious about your thoughts as somebody who's working with young people, who's mentoring up close and afar what is the best way to instigate positive change in an individual? You probably know more about this than I do. What I'll tell you is what I do when I coach a young man. I try to take on and it's not a lot, but I try to take on two young men every 6 months. And sometimes it works and sometimes it doesn't. And what is the differentiator? What's the difference between the person who can hear the good information or receive the positive influence and put it into action versus the person who's resistant or struggles? Well, the first thing is they've got to want to do it. I would say that third of the time they don't show up or they miss it. I'm like, you're not ready. You don't want this. Your dad told you to do it, you know, call me when you're serious about it. Whatever it is, you need to hit bottom or I don't know. You can't instill willingness. Yeah. So I I spent a lot of time thinking about that. Like how do you make somebody more willing? Short of performing some kind of inception, they have to they have to be in a position of receptivity that's often related to suffering. I I don't know how to do that. They either got to show up serious about and the first thing I do is a series of very tactical lessons. I say, "Unlock your phone. I'm going to look at your screen time. And I'm not going to make any judgments. I watch porn. I spend too much time on TikTok. So I'm not going to judge you. And then I say, "I find 8 to 12 hours a week easily in screen time. Coinbase, stupid [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] trading stocks on Robinhood. And I'm like, we're going to reallocate that time into three things. We're going to reallocate it into fitness. We're going to get really [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] strong or much stronger, right? And there's apps that don't cost any money or cost a little bit of money. You know, my gift to you, I'm going to give you this $10 a month, you know, app, whatever it is. And I'm going to track your fitness. We're going to eat a little cleaner, right? We're going to spend 3 hours, maybe 4 hours a week just on fitness. Cuz you're going to feel better about yourself and you're going to be stronger and it's going to help your mental outlook. You got to start making some money. I don't care what it is. DoorDasher Uber driver. I don't care what it is. You have to start making some money. The best way to make a lot of money is to start making some money. Some money. Right away. You got a smartphone, you can make money. It's a full employment economy. Right? You're not too good to whatever it is. Work at CVS, whatever it is. You got to make some money. Even if it's 50, 100 bucks, whatever it is, 200 bucks a week. Got to start making some money cuz you'll get a taste for the flesh of money. Money's wonderful, right? You're not going to have to ask your parents for all this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] or you're going to feel a little bit better about yourself. And then third thing is you got to get every day out and be in the agency and company of strangers. Right? Church group, nonprofit, voter registration, writing class, a league go play tennis at the park where they have round robins where you meet Whatever it is, you have to be in the company of strangers. And when you're with strangers, you got to be supportive and nice and introduce yourself. And you're going to be shocked how many nice people you meet out there who like you, don't like you, whatever it might be. But we're going to get fit, we're going to make a little bit of money, and we're going to be around other people. And that's where we start. You know, I don't know how to do goals, I don't know I mean, I'm not like that or tracking. I'm like like this is about sweat, it's about money, in the company of other people. Does that advice apply to the the parents who have the teen who's in the basement playing video games and vaping? Cuz I don't know about you, Scott, but sometimes those people have to hear it from somebody else other than their parent. The parent is often challenged and the the advice doesn't land in the same way as like, you know, your buddy, you know, who comes over and is much cooler than you, how cool you are. My kids, my especially my 16-year-old is more inclined to take advice from you than from me right now. Yeah, and and vice versa. That's exactly And it that's the way it is and it probably should be that way. We have a healthy rebellious instinct such that it's easier for us to leave the pack when the time comes to leave the pack where we start thinking our parents are idiots. It just happens, especially with men. And it's quite frankly it's healthy. So, there's studies showing that the most powerful thing on your kids, your sons, is their friends and also your friends' fathers. And not what you say, but how you model it. I what I figured out is once boys kind of hit 13, they don't listen to anything you say. The best you can do is model. I try to get my kids to be you know, good manners. So, I I'm really conscious of my table manners when I'm around my boys. The first thing when visitors show up, I run out to the car and I grab their luggage and I ask them to help me. I think you got to model it, but there's what you're saying is a proven phenomena. Mhm. Boys are much more inclined to listen to their friends and their friends' dads and parents than you. So, just trying to surround them with good positive role models. And also, my 16-year-old said he loved We have this friend, Tom, Tom Clark. He said, "I just love Tom. He's the coolest guy." And immediately I just got a little jealous and a little upset. And then I thought, you know, we should really vacation with that family cuz he's a good man, he's a good role model. He knows my son likes him. And he's he's going to have an easier time getting through to him on important things. So, and also I think with parents, what I tell parents when they reach out, I'm like, "Forgive yourself." What I've found is that if you want to believe in nature over nurture, just have two kids. You know, I don't know how yours are. Mine The only thing I know about having a second kid is you know it's going to be totally different. Yeah, you realize they they come out who they are. Oh my gosh. And you guide and put the guardrails up and, you know, try to exert a good influence on them, but they pretty much come out in a certain way baked and that's not going to change. Like Michelle Obama said, they come to you and the best description I've heard is you're not an engineer. You don't engineer the sheep. You're a herder. You get to decide where they graze, you can point them in a direction, you get to decide what they eat, but the sheep comes to you. I mean, my 16-year-old when he was a kid, he would come into my room in the morning and he would say, dressed, say, "Dad, let's make a plan." I was like, "Okay, where are the cameras?" It was like something out of a Hallmark channel. Easy, nice, sweet. My younger one is a terrorist constantly assessing the household for vulnerabilities so he can strike when we're at our weakest. He is just a terror, but at the same time it's like owning a stock. The lows are lower of a volatile stock, but the highs are higher. He like is so funny, so crazy, so bold and with his emotions and so loving. They're just different people. And we just haven't treated them that much differently. So, when one of them isn't doing well, and it's hard to tell your partner this Or what I tell the parents is, "Forgive yourself because yeah, you're important and you can shape stuff, but you know, the only thing I found with my boys you you you give them the advice you can, you give them the help you can, but the only thing that's really fixed any real problems they faced is time. And I just see it brings the house down when kids aren't doing well. It just brings the house down and it's like the parents don't know what to do, they're beside themselves. And the first thing I say I have a couple friends who are really struggling with their kids. I'm like, "First thing you got to forgive yourself. You're doing your best. You're a good person. You're doing your best." It's tough. When the kid is struggling, it's really hard to think about anything else. Brings the house down. Yeah. You're so good on on tech and and your kind of predictions and your 10,000-ft view on, you know, trends. I would be remiss in not asking a question that I'm personally invested in, which how do you see the current and future state of of podcasting? Like what's your sense of what this ecosystem is kind of all about right now and where is it heading in a way that maybe we, you know, is counterintuitive? I don't know if it's counterintuitive, but podcasting sort of in many ways represents where America's headed in a bit of a negative way in that it's it's income inequality gone crazy. There's 1.7 million podcasts. I would bet the top 500 do 98% of the revenue and 120% of the profits. Yeah, I would think it might even be more more skewed than that. Yeah. Well, Joe Rogan does 190 million downloads. He's number one. And a really good podcast in the top 100 does two or three million. I mean, it just drops off a cliff. Yeah. And then, you know, I would bet 99.9% of podcasts are not self-sustaining. So, I mean, do as I say, not as I do. Going into podcasting, get psychic reward for it, use it to market something else, but to think you're going to make a living in podcasting, just be clear that you better be in the top 0.01% because it's very difficult. It's a small business. You know, a successful podcast does several million in revenue, but it's a very profitable business once you get to that point. And the thing is a medium, it's not only growing, but its CPMs are going up because the thing about the medium, the medium is the message. Like I can tell how someone has been introduced to me based on the way they behave. If someone high-fives me, I know they've seen a video. If someone comes up and wants to have or sends me a really long email or they come up and they hold my hands and they look into my eyes, I know they've read something I've written that has resonated. When someone comes up to me, I'm curious if this happens to you, and they start speaking to you as if you know them, oh, it's a podcast. Mhm. And they'll say, often times, like, "Oh, you don't know me." Because you're in their ears. You're physically in their ears, typically when they're doing something intimate, walking their dog, hanging out with their their spouse, making breakfast. They feel like they're your friend. And that's the most rewarding thing about podcasting is you just have friends in your ear. a parasocial relationship and it's very intimate and there's a sense of trust and friendship even if it's imagined that is projected onto you. So, I have that experience a lot and it's it's very gratifying cuz it's like you do know me. I'm showing up as who I am. I think it's fantastic and I think it's it makes it a very unique form of infotainment, right? It's portable, you can do something else while you're doing it. And the intimacy and the trust that's built with the host, I think is is also something that's tremendously unique in the media landscape that I'm not sure the kind of advertising landscape around podcasting has fully like acknowledged or recognized. Like it's very different. Like when Tom Brokaw's delivering the news and then they cut to an ad, he's not endorsing the product. That ad is running independent of anything that Host read overs. Yeah, and so in podcasting when a host says, "Hey, listen, I found this product. I think it's great, you know, and here's why." And there's that implicit trust that's been built over many years, there's much more value in that that I don't know if it's totally appreciated. And I also think at the same time, podcasting advertising is tremendously underpriced in terms of marketing spend. And it's confusing to me why Fortune 500 companies, large enterprises that have huge marketing budgets, continue to deploy those resources on television advertising and all kinds of other nonsense that doesn't convert when they could take a fraction of that and deploy it against podcasts that are host-led and speaking to the specific demographic that that organization is trying to reach. Just seems like a better plan to me. And the companies that get it really get it and they're building amazing companies, you know, on the shoulders of podcasters. But it still feels like it's a niche thing. Yeah, it's like it's a small business right now, but it's growing 12% a year. There's very few mediums outside of search and social that are growing double digits in a media landscape where people are cutting back media spending. So, you set up a media company on probably, I don't know, a half a million, million, two million dollar investment. For you to set up a TV show or a TV station or a music label or I mean, you have been able to set up a a media company at a fairly like and you could probably pay as you go and invest as you go. Yeah, I mean, I've been doing this for 11 years. You know, I started off Yeah, I mean, I've been doing it a long time and it was just, you know, me and my stepson, you know, running the whole thing. It wasn't like this out of the gate. Like this just happened very incrementally over time. But have it traditionally in media, you just couldn't do that. You didn't have access. You couldn't You couldn't be on ABC. I mean, you just There was like three channels. Or to start a newspaper or start a magazine took real like took just so much money, took so much So, I I do think that if you're really good at what you do, I write books. That shit's hard. Podcasting, I mean, this is what You've surrounded yourself with smart people and you're creating a thick layer of innovation on top of it. But this is just you being you. You're a naturally curious guy and you respond authentically. And you make money doing that? You make money doing that? Yeah, now you know why I'm waiting for someone to break the door down and tell me to stand step away from the microphone. That's just a gift, right? gift. Incredible. Changed my life. It's changed yours. Yeah, it's pretty cool. Yeah, it has. Well, I appreciate you, man. I I got to let you go, but I think you're a real service. You know, I think your message is really important and there are so many people who are in need of good advice and solid mentorship. And the fact that you do that digitally and in person with the clarity of thought and in this mission-based way that you do it, I think is really worthy of note and I just want you to know that like I acknowledge you for that and uh I'm at your service. I think it's it's it's a fantastic thing. So, wind in your sails, my friend. I That means a lot coming from you. I feel the same way. I started looking at your stuff. I think that especially your um I don't know, you're impacting people when they really they really need it. And I mean, let's just take a moment to you know, just realize how just ridiculously [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] lucky we are. You know, to get to do this kind of thing and make some money out of it. It's very rewarding. And just hearing you talk about it, it makes me reflect on, you know, my blessings. That's a nice moment. So, anyways, thanks and congrats on your success. Yeah, thanks, man. Come back and talk to me again sometime. Will do. All right, have fun with Bill Maher. Well, yeah. Here you go. Cheers. Peace. Thanks, man. That's it for today. Thank you for listening. I truly hope you enjoyed the conversation. To learn more about today's guest, including links and resources related to everything discussed today, visit the episode page at richroll.com, where you can find the entire podcast archive, as well as podcast merch, my books, Finding Ultra, Voicing Change, and The Plant Powered Way, as well as the Plant Powered Meal Planner at meals.richroll.com. If you'd like to support the podcast, the easiest and most impactful thing you can do is to subscribe to the show on Apple Podcasts, on Spotify, and on YouTube, and leave a review and or comment. Supporting the sponsors who support the show is also important and appreciated, and sharing the show or your favorite episode with friends or on social media is, of course, awesome and very helpful. And finally, for podcast updates, special offers on books, the meal planner, and other subjects, please subscribe to our newsletter, which you can find on the footer of any page at richroll.com. Today's show was produced and engineered by Jason Camiolo, with additional audio engineering by Kyle Curtis. The video edition of the podcast was created by Blake Curtis, with assistance by our creative director, Dan Drake. Portraits by Davy Greenberg. Graphic and social media assets courtesy of Daniel Solice. Thank you, Georgia Whaley, for copywriting and website management. And of course, our theme music was created by Tyler Piatt, Trapper Piatt, and Harry Matthis. Appreciate the love. Love the support. See you back here soon. Plants. Namaste.

  Top Comments:
  1. @richroll [147 likes]: Thanks for watching! Don't miss out on this exclusive offer:
PLUNGE: Use code RICHROLL for $150 OFF  👉 https://bit.ly/theplunge2024
  2. @LyleWard-l6l [1 likes]: Scott's an asshole.
Elitist male moralist
Virtue signalling with nothing to lose
  3. @X1000Binary: We convince ever little Boy it's only achieved with MONEY! DUH! 😂😅
  4. @Conn30Mtenor: No white women taking over the conversation. Strange.
  5. @shrunkensimon: Galloway has a big blindspot/bias: 9:28

Really, shitty citizens? No, it is merely a raw, uncultured lashing out at the dominant culture that has betrayed them.

It never seems long before the apologetic worship of culture/society takes the priority.

Who do we empathise with.. the men.. or this phantom called society.
  6. @stepanserdyuk4589: The society spent decades shouting that people don't have to follow their rigid geneder roles. Turns out, when men stop following their gender roles, the society collapses.
  7. @macross5000: Same wavelength. Very nice. 😊
  8. @sixpackmack: Saturn return says you aren’t a man until 31.3
  9. @sixpackmack: I think it’s a little different than young people don’t vote. But maybe it is that simple….
  10. @gorgess: Small men are a national security threat. Kevin Hart ruining society to feel like a bigger man is a perfect example 💗👋🏼🎀
  11. @maphalalathemba: Thank you.
  12. @trollsymctroll5361: Dave Ramsey baby steps saved my life. 
Step 7 and I thank Dave every morning.
-you’ll find your way.  Best of luck.
  13. @trollsymctroll5361: Dave Ramsey baby steps saved my life. 
Step 7 and I think Dave every morning over coffee.
  14. @trollsymctroll5361: Is this an American problem?
  15. @Twirtly: Trickless Subject
  16. @jdavidrhea: Rich Roll is a great interviewer, but his lack of gag reflex with his incessant advertising of hipster-dufus products is seriously working against his credibility. I get it that he’s trying to become a billionaire influencer like the rest of them, but it certainly comes across awkwardly and makes him seem disingenuous about his “honest and sincere” messaging.
  17. @rwglide1: Wow what man wants a masculine woman I would never want this man to teach my kids anything feminism and no masculinity has ruined men and women they unalive themselves because they are not allowed to be men anymore you know NOTHING about being a man you are teaching men to be miserable and your beliefs are what makes men unalive themselves
  18. @DeadfLowR: Also wonderful to know that you need sponsors and advertisers to keep your channel alive.  Why would I listen or take advice from a channel on YouTube that doesn’t even have the ability to sustain itself without advertisements?  You are snake oil salesman.  I have a bridge to sell you.
  19. @DeadfLowR: 800 billion dollars a year on US military? Where are you getting those numbers brother?  It’s over a trillion dollars a year at this point.  Thank you very much.  You could solve homelessness with a fraction of a trillion dollars, but the great USA doesn’t want to do that.
  20. @DeadfLowR: Scott, I agree with you on a whole lot of things, but when you say that DARPA was an accomplishment I go to the next video.  DARPA created agent orange and did huge damage to the earth.

- A Happiness Secret You Need To Know : Scott Galloway: Kind: captions Language: en life gets very hard very fast 25 to 45 and if you're unhappy or feel unhappy at times that is normal that's part of the journey and for me it's how it was helpful to read that because I'm looking forward to all the happiness that's kind of coming my way and I can feel it as you get older you just start finding joy in weird places and the happiest generation the happiest age cohort is the cohort that should be the least happy because they're not healthy is old people there was a big smile on the front of your book yeah part of the reason why you put that what looks like a smiley face on it is because because of this Arc of happiness that you describe yeah that was quite surprising to me what do you mean by an arc of Happiness well across across almost every culture the correlation between age and happiness is a smile so zero to kind of 25 is beer Star Wars you know making out prom college football or you know Premier League football 0-25 is usually pretty happy 25 to 45 is what I call the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] gets real ears you realize that distinct to what your parents your unique told you you're not gonna have a fragrance named after you or be a member of Parliament you have kids you have economic stress someone you love a great deal gets sick and dies your parents right life gets very hard very fast 25 to 45. and generally speaking these are the least happy years and then something wonderful happens usually in your late 40s or early 50s and that is you start recognizing the finite nature of Life maybe you have some economic security maybe you've established relationships maybe you have these really wonderful things that are less awful that look smell and feel like you called kids and you realize that life is short you start finding appreciate I don't know if you remember this Steve do you remember going out with your parents or your mom and your mom would like a salad would come and she'd stop the table and say look at how beautiful the salad is yeah or just admire the flowers and you think you used to think as a kid like what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like and when you realize it's so weird when you turn into your I stopped outside my house uh there's a garden and I just couldn't stop marveling at the Garden the garden's here I've never seen anything like it we have this Garden across from us in the park and I'm like who are the Gnomes that come out at night and manicure this thing so perfectly and I'm not into botany or Horticulture and I can't stop marveling I wouldn't have done that in my 27 year old self but I do it at my 57 I find you find joy in new things you find joy in the mundane as you get older and you get happier and the happiest so what the learning here is that if you wake up at 35 and you have a couple kids and you have a spouse or you have a job you know you think [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] this is hard I'm not that happy recognize that's part of the journey and just keep on keeping on you know happiness Waits For You in most instances so happiness is absolutely a smile and so I think it's helpful just to know that that as you move into your income earning years as you move into your mating and child rearing years and the depth of work and your parents start aging it's stressful and it's hard and if you're unhappy or feel unhappy at in weird places when was the the pits of your Ark in your life when was when were your hardest years as it relates to happiness um well losing my mom was tough for me um but I think that the the pit for me you're an entrepreneur the highs are really high and the lows are really low the closest I can equate it to is is having a business like having a kid you conceive the thing it looks smells and feels like you and when it does well it's just like when your kid scores a goal or is doing great or seems happy there's just no joy like that when something how you have your world of work you have your world of friends and you have kids you have kids you have sleep you'll find this out when something goes wrong with one of your kids the whole universe shrinks to what is wrong with your kid I mean nothing else matters and you just can't sleep you're stressed you're upset you feel failure on a cosmic level because this Instinct that pours over us is if your kid is failing you have failed on a more Cosmic level because you haven't been able to protect that kid it's the same way with a business so when your business fails you just it's impossible to remove yourself from that failure my lowest moment probably professionally was in the great financial recession of 2008 in 99 I was a young man and was Wealthy on paper I'd started several e-commerce companies I didn't realize most of it was not my fault that it was the market and by the end of 2000 I was broke I lost everything through the.com crash clawed my way back to some level of Economic Security in 2007 smacked again in 2008 lost almost everything and then my young son or my oldest had the poor judgment to come marching out of my girlfriend so I was broke and I had a son a newborn and a combination of the disappointment professionally where I was now 40 years old and wasn't economically where I thought it would be was really upsetting and and disappointing and then the stress when you're a dude with no spouse or kids you can kind of dance Between The Raindrops if you need to you can sleep on a couch I was not going to make a living I could support myself but living in New York uh having uh what felt like economic failure business failure and a kid and it's like okay my failures are now this kid's failures that was really stressful it was also very motivating you know I'd made some money so I had made enough money to live kind of a a kind of a a a fake wealthy life I had nice clothes a nice apartment I could go to St Barts I had just enough money to give the illusion of success but there's no faking it when you have kids this person is dependent upon you I was living in New York it's impossible not to make a good living in New York with kids [Music] and so that was wildly stressful it was like okay this is no longer about me when I fail economically I'm failing as a species I'm feeling as a dad that was a rough time 2008-2009 was rough but it was also very motivating because I got very serious and started working very hard and again I didn't see my kids we had another kid two and a half years later I didn't see much of my kids until the age of five I you know I try and get home for bath time but I was very focused on getting my household back on economic firm footing again but that was very stressful that's your biggest sort of professional failure what about your biggest personal pit pit um and what did it teach you oh I don't know I I think are both your parents still alive yeah okay so one of them will get sick and die and that is the the heart the two things I found that kind of turn you into an adult are when you lose one of your parents it's just the harshness of it is so Unthinkable as a species we have an inability to wrap our head around death for good reason otherwise we'd all just be freaked out and not willing to take risks and not hunt animals for fear they might kill us not take risks never go outside so we purposely can't understand it we can't imagine it you can't imagine that this person is going to be gone and it is over that is devastating and it also just brings this harshness of life like really present in front of you but at the same time it creates tremendous perspective that wow the mortality rate's 100 percent my kids are going to have the same tragedy when I die and I think it I think it can liberate you and realize that okay if I feel embarrassed if I feel scared about risks if I'm beating myself up over a mistake I made you know what it really doesn't matter that much you should be kinder to yourself you should be more forgiving there's great work by my colleague at NYU Adam alter on palliative care where he surveys people who are weeks from the end and they have a lot of regrets they they wish they'd live the life they want to live whether it was be more open about their sexuality being who they wanted to be with going to the career they wanted to go with they were living their lives or other people is a huge regret or Society they wish they'd stayed in better contact with friends but more than anything their number one regret is they wish they'd been less harsh on themselves and that is again life isn't about what happens to you it's how you respond to what happens to you and when someone dies and you realize the finite nature of life and we all have the same incoming I think it's liberating because what you realize is when you say something stupid at a board meeting even when you have a business fail when you pick a stock and it gets cut in half in two weeks and you're just hating on yourself when you say something stupid at a party when you say something unkind unwittingly and you're just like Jesus what was I saying and you're just beating yourself up realize it's the person you're worried about what they think of you your situation it's going to go really fast and it's going to be over and all you're going to have is the people that miss you so you don't you need to forgive yourself and you need to realize what feels important in the moment isn't that important if you love The darvisio Brand and you watch this Channel please do me a huge favor become part of the 15 of the viewers on this channel that have hit the Subscribe button it helps us tremendously and the bigger the channel gets the bigger the guests thank you

  Top Comments:
  1. @CantSilenceUsAll [15 likes]: it so true. I am 45 this week and I find myself getting tears in my eyes over simple things. Because when your out in the world 20 + years you start to appreciate how lucky you are and how amazing the world is.
  2. @justamangoddamn [9 likes]: I'd like to hang out and share a spliff with Mr. Galloway.
  3. @kingfisher1069 [9 likes]: WTF was that noise in the beginning?!
  4. @frarfarf [7 likes]: 41 years old. Really wish this appreciation thing would hurry up
  5. @MM-yi9zn [5 likes]: Such an intimate & heartfelt interview. I so relate to the unspeakable horror of the loss of parents or spouse. Life is a huge struggle for everyone. This is real. More please.
  6. @GodzSpeed333 [4 likes]: Great interview
  7. @Californiansurfer [2 likes]: ❤Yes, I lost my Mom and then losing my Dad.   My Dad was my best friend , my world has fallen apart, but today I am doing much better.  Yes, I am much mellow today.   KINTSUGI.  This really helped me.  The cracks are our life experience and we grow..   Leonard cohen.  We are all broken , that is how the light gets in.   Californian Surfer Downey Cali
  8. @caleuxx9108 [1 likes]: how harsh life is.... hard....  Self-compassion...
  9. @mayeshafairuz [1 likes]: Why does he look like ryan Reynolds playing a 60 yr old
  10. @marcelozerbini5411 [1 likes]: 35, getting a divorce.

I'm leaving the home I've built with my future ex wife the day after tomorrow.

Witness me my brothers
  11. @tuesday225: Well I'm a Gen Xer and my teens were by far my worst consistantly.
  12. @Mist3man4423: Scott is brilliant and so even keel.
  13. @StreetSmartMillionaire: Never believe negative pre conceived notions of what your life will be like especially from someone in charge of helping you make your way like a professor.
  14. @eschneider317: Actually it’s cause the old people have all the money and political power. I’d  be happy too

- I Studied 1,000 Hooks, Here’s How to ACTUALLY Go Viral: Kind: captions Language: en The single most reason why your reels or short-form videos don't perform are bad hooks, and I kid you not, fixing and understanding your hook game will get you views, lots of them. So, recently, thousands of creators applied to get their hooks analyzed by me, and most of them make these simple mistakes that crush retention, make people swipe away before they even know what's up, and as a result of that, make the algorithm hate you. So, today, I'll pick three creators and fix their hooks with some tricks and strategies that have helped my clients gain millions of views, and that you can actually instantly implement yourself as well. All right, so the first issue is probably one of the biggest problems I see with hooks, and it's this. Think of people swiping through their reels feed as being on autopilot, and a lot of creator gurus talk about this, but they never really explain the reason why and how to deal with this. So, when people swipe, they basically have this automated muscle memory at this point to keep swiping until something hits their brain receptors, where the brain goes, hmm, that is interesting. And ideally, I've actually done lots of research on that. A lot of people recently actually swipe, swipe, swipe, and then it takes the brain a little longer to kind of process it, and then they swipe back again, and this seems to be like a big major trigger indicator for the algorithm at this point. And because of all of that, this process happens so fast that you need to carefully construct your hooks to basically hit those triggers as fast and as best as possible to get people from your target audience to basically do that. Stop and think and be like, hmm. So, essentially what you want to do at all times is you want to open loops and don't close them as long as possible, basically keeping them tangling at all times. And when you do close the loop, you want to open another one. This is essentially what we can see clearly here with our first creator, Max. Malgo, Max. Let's just call her Max. So, let's just take a look at this video right here. Things I don't do being lean over 40. So, based on the cover, sounds interesting, but let's take a look first. Okay. So, at this point, we're already past the hook. And here's the thing. People at this point don't care. People don't even know what the context of the video is. And this is how you need to think when especially crafting your hooks. People sit, they swipe on autopilot, and then they see this frame starting with this. And somebody in the kitchen saying, I definitely don't cut out carbs. I'm like, okay, cool. But like, why? And why should you cut out carbs? I don't get the context, right? It's like going to a hardware store and somebody comes up to you and is like, I never pull out. And you're like, huh, what? But he's like, yeah, I mean, the screws obviously halfway through a project. I always finish what I start. You already notice here, there's actually a very fine line from being borderline criminal and getting people's scroll swapping attention, right? And the fix to that whole thing is simply adding context as easy as that. So, the first thing I would do here is slap that context right at the top of the screen. Let's just do this together. So, let's slap on the safe zone. The first thing you can actually see already from the first sort of frame here, not really the actual first frame, but the hook is that this sling right here is actually overlapping with the comment box. You instantly see it's just way too big and honestly, it doesn't look good. So, the first thing I want to do here is literally remove the caption just to show you how much cleaner that is. So, we're just going to hit the generative fill. So, boom, looks pretty, looks pretty good actually. Looks a lot cleaner. Captions usually can be a lot smaller, but let's not even get into that. The second thing is, like I said, adding context to this whole thing. And by adding context, I wouldn't just say like the cover image of this video says, things I don't do being lean over 40. I mean, it's not bad, but I try to create even more of a curiosity gap with this whole thing to basically force people to watch even further. Because suddenly they have this whole open loop in their head and they're like, okay, now I need to watch further. To kind of create that and be able to craft that, you need to understand your target audience in an actual way, right? And in that case, the content of the reel itself, if we watch the whole video, is a gold mine. Because basically she says, I'm lean over 40, but I definitely do eat carbs. And that in and itself challenges a common belief, one of the strongest forms of creating hooks, right? So, remember that. In this case, just to make it a little shorter and a little snappier, I'd say lean at 45 and I eat carbs every day or something like this. So, let's just, you know, I'll just do it here right in front of you so you can see, because, you know, the second part of this whole thing is actually making this look better, but let's get into that. And I eat carbs every day. So, obviously we're not going to make this work. Carbs every day. And if we have here a safe zone, we can already see it needs to be smaller, way smaller than you might think. Also, I'm going to play around with this. I mean, it doesn't look bad. Then you can make it a little bigger. Eat carbs every day. Make this a little there. And you know, one thing you can instantly see right there is that the way this whole shot is framed, and it's actually a big part of why people actually stop scrolling is that it basically overlaps with this part right here. And there's just no way, there's basically clutter. This one is clearly a kitchen. This is a person. This one is safe zone, safe space to put your text, but this is virtually unusable. So, you know, there's almost no way of making this look good. One thing you could do at all times is just slapping some background thing right there. As we can see, it looks a little too big, so make it a little smaller. I eat carbs every day, right? Already not that bad, to be honest, if you ask me. A few things you could play around with, just a few extra lessons right here for you guys, is that now you can play with font, weight, for example, and I eat, you put this a little smaller, like medium, and carbs every day, also like medium, and suddenly it's just way easier for the eye, basically, you know, as you can see right here. So you kind of read this. I actually like it quite a lot, right? But just to kind of make you understand that, yeah, the hook is cool. The spoken hook is cool. It opens up some sort of curiosity gap with what she says and what she has You know, this challenge is a common belief, but all of this is still pretty off. So let's actually try to fix that. And what I'm going to do is I'll pull this picture into Chatubity and actually try to create a nice looking frame to just prove the point for you right here. Create a real screenshot where you put her into the frame. Nice lighting, natural, and a kitchen with a big bowl of unhealthy carbs in the bottom half of the screen. I wrote this because I want to create even more sort of a contrast because, you know, curiosity gaps and stuff like this. Scroll, stopping visual, hook real, aspect ratio, 9 by 16. Let's just see what it will come up with. All right, so awesome. This actually looks very close. Man, this is just insane. So let's just take this one. Just to prove a point, let me just put this right here. It kind of overlaps, so I'm going to flip the colors. A very easy way. Black and white, white on black. It's all the same. You know, if we overlay this, still pretty good. And you can just see basically the difference, right? Of a shot like this and a shot like this. Especially if you have some nasty carbs right there, maybe make them even grazier, more unhealthy. And suddenly people are going to have a reason to stick around and be like, really? What's she doing? How does she do it? I love noodles. Right. Next one, Stefan from Slovakia. His problem is actually getting reached and I can actually instantly see why. So let's go step by step right here. So first of all, the first thing, the first impression that I have is amazing, great pictures, especially these ones. And you can understand what's going on. Carousels are always better than actual pictures, but here's the thing. Even with carousels, you need, you need a hook in some form. In this case, it's really, there's no hook. There's just a picture, you know, and just a different version of the same picture. Now to kind of come back to the elements of every hook needs to contain is first of all, a, you know, like a setup of something that makes people in your target audience actually care and ideally plants some sort of picture in hindsight. And that gives them a reason to stick around because they want that question to be answered at some point, because that's exactly what they're interested in and something that they ideally identify with. So with that being said, the profile that you have also has to sort of pass this. It's exactly what I'm looking for. It's what I, what's interesting for me, sort of test. And that one is totally off here because this is the first part of the profile, by the way, you're from Slovakia and this is Bratislava. I hang out there quite, quite a lot. Actually, most people who find you through reels actually come to this feed. And if you take a look here, that is totally off, right? There's a big mismatch between the photo feed and actually the reels feed. And here there's basically great pics, but no hooks at all. And here's actually bad reels. If you ask me, if we just take a look at this one right here, honestly, pretty bad reels, even though it's kind of funny. Very, very bad reels, to be honest, and bad hooks, right? And that instantly takes away all the credibility that you have. So let's take a look at this one. Who can relate? Let's mute this here, but basically talk about the hook. And then this first frame right here, it looks pretty bland, right? What is the need? Ask yourself, what is the need you fulfill for your target audience with this? What is the question that you want to plant in people's head? Who can relate is not a strong question because I'm like, I don't know what this even is about, so I'm gone, right? So to me, this kind of looks like it's trying to farm views, especially with this twist at the end there, but it's not really serving a purpose, not really talking to your actual target audience, which is, I guess, people who are into your photography, right? And the thing is, especially about photography accounts on Instagram, seeing as this was the first big platform for photographers, things have changed quite a bit, right? It's not just about photos anymore, unfortunately, right? And I can kind of understand the frustration Lots of photographers have, but these days are over because there's just a million photographers and taking pictures is a skill set, but there's just a lot of people out there, right? So what you actually need to focus on with all these things is thinking about the story within the photo, the emotional connection within a photo, right? Making people relate with either the photo or the photographer, ideally, right? Again, why? Because there's a gazillion photographers out there and you're not special. That is until they get to understand your personality or your why, or the emotions behind it, like I said. So again, just this one, take a look at this picture, like just a bunch of pictures. Unfortunately, I don't understand what's going on right Not even a voiceover. So this one looks cool. Let's take a look. I need to mute this. But yeah, pictures, cool pictures, but that's just about it. Now, let me show you an example from a former client of mine who was going through the career mentorship at basically from zero. And he's doing every, all of these things, obviously that I talked about right now, pretty, pretty well. This is Consti. He's in somewhat of a different photography niche, but also a very, very saturated one, the wildlife photography one. Let's just take a look at some of his examples. Obviously, for example, my photos 10 years ago versus now. And it's also basically just showing pictures, but suddenly we have a connection. First of all, we see where we see him in some crazy gear with a crazy camera and some crazy setting. So a story instantly unfolds. And what is the question in my head? First of all, what is he doing? Is he a very professional photographer and what's going to happen? Because now I'm invested 10 years ago. He's been doing this for a while. He's actually looks pretty young still. So, you know, then continues to go, but we'll just talk about the hooks right here. Not bad photos, but some are kind of bad. And then again, my photos now taught a better or not. And that doesn't matter in this case, actually the quality of the photos doesn't matter that much in this case, because people are ideally people are going to fight anyway in the comments. And that would, that's what makes people go viral, but it's basically people getting brought on the journey, right? It's suddenly you're like with him. He shows some emotion as well, smiling somewhere here, you know, for example. And it's such a different frame if you ask me, right? So people are going to be like, like, how can I create photos? Like you, man? Like why did you, how can you travel? Why, where did you learn all of this and stuff like this? And then, you know, people ask you this, obviously it's the whole monetization avenue because you can teach people that. And suddenly your life is just changing directions and ways you've never basically thought about before. So whereas if we go back to Stefan's videos, zero emotional connection, even with the cool, like these ones are amazing. I love these, but even there, right? The connection is just not there because we don't, we don't even get to the point of looking at the videos more closely because we just don't care. Cause there's so many photos out there, right? So to recap here, think about what major pain points your audience actually cares about, and then make that first frame and hook so compelling that people just need to keep watching, Try to figure out whether your hook makes viewers have a question or not. So go back to your hooks and think about what is the question you want people to pop in their head when watching this. And in this case, this is not even about photography. I don't even know what's going on versus right. Something clearly, even one that's not performing. I mean, that's the same kind of example right here, but something totally different. Now I'm anticipating what's the shot and why, why did it get a hundred K look beautiful delivers on the promise right away, actually elevates it. Beautiful. Awesome. All right. Last one is Ella, a morning coffee creator. And she says she struggles with views and a stagnant following. So let's take a look at one video from her. I'm going to put some different music in there because YouTube's going to flag it, but remember this video, by the way, we've kind of pulled her through the hook generator already at some point in one of our recent videos, probably you don't remember because nobody seems to watch this thing, but essentially I have a free hook generator that where you can screenshot this whole thing, pull it in. And here's what the hook generator actually set. It gave this whole thing a hook score of three out of 10 said that I would say this hook sucks. And I actually agree because there's zero curiosity and no emotional trigger in there. Remember very similar to the things we talked about before. And if we look here, first of all, everything looks kind of cluttered. So we don't even know like it's even so, so cluttered here that there's no real focus on this latte and it doesn't kind of stand out. And this just clutters it too much. Plus the text overlays with all the other things, as well as honestly, this even makes me more confused here just because it's all like a mash of a lot of things coming together based off of all the principles that we talked about before, planning a picture, planning a question, actually, and making a first frame decluttered and, um, actually opening some sort of curiosity loop, curiosity gap. Here's what I would do right here. And for this case, let's go back to her old friend, Chachabitty, because I don't want to go downstairs and create a coffee. I can't do that. Obviously. Otherwise I would have a coffee account. Let's just pull this in there. And I say, create me an aesthetic Instagram, real first frame shot of a vanilla blueberry ice latte and a glass. I give some context, blah, blah, blah. It doesn't matter, but let's see what it comes up with. Here's what it came up with. Looks pretty good. Actually, honestly, it looks pretty, pretty good, man. It looks so real, but let's just pull this in to Photoshop and let's just compare the two examples right there. As you can see right here, it's a total difference. It's like night and day. And honestly, you might be like, this is way harder to create. I need like cameras and stuff like this. You actually don't. With your phone, if your phone is less than, let's say four years old, you can recreate this shot basically without having any extra equipment apart from maybe a light. But then again, if you have a window in your kitchen, easy to do, right? Just notice that here, like all the shadows coming together and the wall, no depth in the image and stuff like this. Total difference, right? Now, with that being said, this looks actually pretty cool. Looks actually a little similar here as well. One thing I can see is that this blueberry thing, don't ask me if it really looks like this. But let's just say. The first thing I would add here is a visual hook, a text hook. Sorry, text hook. This in and of itself is a visual hook already. We don't want to give away like she does here, vanilla blueberry iced latte. Because maybe people in her target audience might be like, okay, this is something weird. But I would see this, I'd be like, it's nothing weird. I just don't feel like it right now. I'm going to swipe away. Whereas you want people even like me who are remotely interested in interesting coffees to think, oh, that is interesting. I wonder what that is. I wonder how it tastes, right? Thinking about the question. So the first thing I would do is basically open the curiosity gap here and say something like this coffee should not taste good, for example. Not, and then, you know, same old spiel. We're just going to create some background overlay that Instagram is going to do anyway for you. Let's make it white, for example. Should not taste good. Instantly better. One thing from before, instead of playing around with the font weight, we can play around with the color picker. Notice how if I use red, it instantly looks a little off and cheapish. It still looks cool, but honestly, honestly, see, in this case to make things cool, just play around with it, but not, I mean, why not? Let's just use the red one. Why not? Put a bunch of dots here just to open it more. There you go. Look at this. But now my friends, we're getting even deeper because that in itself is already a strong hook, way better to this. Let's open the loops even more. Cause if you look, this coffee should not taste good. Cool. Opens a loop, but instantly we kind of see, okay, has something to do with blueberries. So I'm like, I already kind of get half the answer. So I solved it myself. So there's no need for me to keep watching. So here's what I would actually do. Sneaky little trick that I would do here to make this even crazier. First of all, take the blueberries, blur them. Maybe blur them even more just so people kind of get a sense of what's going on. And then what I want is something like Honestly, I think yellow is better, but again, a lot of the times I would actually recommend you to do it with any, with Photoshop or with whatever you have until you kind of get a feel for what looks good and how to kind of edit elements in there. You just play around with it and you can see this one is actually, see, I would have never thought about this color. I'd be like yellow, red, but like just doing that with the whole composition here. Now I lost that. This looks actually pretty, pretty cool. Now let's do some outer glow because I'm a nerd. And suddenly you have a first frame where you're like, what is this? And then you basically show what to do and don't give away this thing until all the way at the end. But this is all part of another video, but you could just see night and day difference. So if you want to get your accounts and content reviewed for free, link is in the description. And if you implement these things and you're still stuck, obviously it's because your whole content strategy is off and the rest of your video is off. So watch this video next and I'll walk you through a process that will make you go grow better than ever before.

  Top Comments:
  1. @heyDominik [1 likes]: ⭐ Work with me 1:1: https://creatormentorship.com?video=Xqy9L-88wcw 
🪝 Analyze Your Hooks (Free AI Bot): https://heydominik.com/hookbot?video=Xqy9L-88wcw
  2. @vitaminb4869: You're mixing up all types of creators into a single cookie cutter pattern of hook-shmook and release dogma. Photography is a different category, where the audience is there for the visual aspect of it, not some flashy IG reel crap. Most of the audience are photographers themselves, they couldn't care less about the IG/tiktok brain rot reels.
  3. @heyyitsevan: bro really explained it so well without sounding boring once 😭🔥
  4. @financesimplied2004: 🎉🎉
  5. @Shortshorts10000: its all about the hook!
  6. @Studio81000: I will go viral real soon!
  7. @Crescitaly_com: Hooks are underrated because they are not just attention tricks. A good hook qualifies the viewer before the algorithm does: it tells the right person this is for them and gives them a reason to keep watching. That first decision shapes the whole performance curve.
  8. @ROSTHA_HOUSE: "I don't pull out" lol. That drove the point home.  Keep making videos like this please.
  9. @kreean-x1i: i love this video! you teach so well!!!!
  10. @1XEV: Thank you for this information! I struggle with YouTube since I'm trying to keep it professional as a business portfolio almost. Are there ways to have hooks in real estate or business ads without text?
  11. @For.MomAndDad: what photoshop software is he using? does anyone know?
  12. @LTP5: “There are so many photos out there” I agree for the standard photos that almost look robotic and sterile. But when you’re a photographer that fits in a niche, that gap closes. When you’re really good (not at editing, but the eye and being able to extract emotion), that gap closes even more. Other than that, I agree.
  13. @AnarLidht: Think you 👍🏽
  14. @ANAGBATALILIAN: I loved everything you just taught. I'm a social media manager working for a clothing brand and I'm still figuring out how what you've said can be helpful for me. I'm really working on growth and sales
  15. @its_amanj: this video basically explains why some creators blow up overnight while others stay invisible for years 😭
  16. @PetPOVclips: "I never pull out" took me out lmao
  17. @tuanlecgu: A lot of creators focus only on traffic, but combining strategies like this with promotion tools such as IPweb can really help test what actually works faster. Great insights throughout the video.
  18. @sjscwwMutcmtsb8827: The first one is the one I have in yeu is the best one 1️⃣ and I think it’s
  19. @VoicesofTania: Why are we putting people's images into generative AI?
  20. @Alsielle: Really good video, thank you! 👍🏻