- Why YouTube's CPM is Dropping and What To Do About It: Kind: captions Language: en Hey, guys. My name is Tim Schmoyer and it's Tuesday. Time to look at some online video news from last week and all the stuff I have to share with you in this video has to do with YouTube. However, I am always running into more stuff that I would love to cover but just don't have time to in these videos. So I will be continually posting those links to our Facebook page and our Google+ page, so if you are not part of either of those, links are below, go check them out. But let's hit the big stuff mostly surrounding YouTube and the first one is that YouTube is experimenting with a couple different ways that they are presenting advertising to your viewers on your longer-form content. Really, they're just taking Hulu's approach and saying, "Do you want to watch this ad or do you want to watch this ad" at the beginning of the content? Then you don't have to watch any more ads throughout the rest of the video, or we can chop up your video and maybe interrupt it twice with two other ads somewhere in the middle. And what multiple studies have shown is that people have a much more favorable experience with an ad if they get to select which one they want to watch and they have much higher brand retention. They think much more favorably about that brand. It's just really good for the brand and presumably, it's good for the viewer as well. That's what I want to hear from you guys about in the comments. Do you think this is good or do you feel like that's too much effort for someone to have to make a decision like that at the very beginning of your content before they can even watch it? The second story on AllThingsD in it is linked up below if you want to go read the whole thing in its entirety. Basically what they're saying is that people are seeing their views and engagements and all those other stats, those are all climbing. The amount of revenue they're making isn't keeping pace with the amount of engagement that they're getting. In fact, you have some networks like NewCinema who are laying off lots of employees because they can't afford to keep them because they promised a lot of their partners a higher CPM than what they are now getting from advertisers. A lot of top creators are saying it's harder and harder to generate an income and revenue from their efforts here on YouTube. So they are being forced to look outside of YouTube to monetize their audience, which is something we've talked about here at Video Creators several times in the past, just not getting locked up into YouTube's ecosystem with your subscribers and with your monetization, business model and everything. Start an email newsletter and start building an email list outside of YouTube so that when YouTube's subscriptions stop or break or don't work, you still can have access to at, least, some of your audience. And don't just rely on YouTube ads for your revenue, because if you have a video that's flagged for copyright and you can't take care of it and your AdSense account gets shut down, there goes your entire business. So in this article it talks about a couple of ways people are monetizing their audience outside of YouTube to kind of offset for the lack of money that they're getting from ad revenue now. And that includes concert sales, CDs, just like swag and fan paraphernalia in general. Others like Freddie Wong are launching their own websites outside of YouTube to engage in their audience where they can sell a higher CPM for advertising and find other ways to sell merchandise and up-sell and really monetize their audience. So the CPM value drop on YouTube is partly due to the fact that YouTube has recently opened up partnership basically to anyone with a YouTube account. And there is so much inventory now for them to monetize, that the value per ad impression has dropped. But this is how YouTube responds. They came out with a statement and said this: "A key part of growing the platform is opening up inventory which enables more partners to succeed by monetizing their content. This can lead CPMs to fluctuate in the short-term, but it's good for the partners' ecosystem long-term. We're seeing this happen as overall partner viewership revenue and subscriptions are on the rise." Do you guys have any thoughts about this? Comment below and let me know what you're thinking. If you've seen your ad revenue go up and down personally, I look at it sometimes but I am not counting on that for my business model. It's kind of like just icing on the cake. And finally, YouTube updated their iOS app so that now, those of us on iPads, iPhone, iPod, i-whatever can now do the same thing that Android counterparts and actually their mobile site has been able to do for a while. And that is quickly and easily just broadcast whatever video you're watching on your screen directly to your big screen TV. You'll need to have a Smart TV that has the YouTube app built in or an Xbox 360 or some other console that has YouTube. You should just be able to pair your device to your screen by typing a little code it gives you and then forever, your iOS device will be paired to that television screen. Whenever you happen to be on the same Wi-Fi network as that Xbox or television or game console, you can quickly and easily just tap on the little television icon in the upper right corner while you're viewing the video on your phone and boom! It just transfers right to your television instead. Which I think is really cool, because, now, I can watch a video on my big screen TV, while also browsing other videos on my phone that I want to watch next and just kind of add it to cue to automatically play after the one on my television is done. Or, I can comment, thumbs-up, read other comments, all that kind of stuff. Just kind of like I would do on a desktop, but sitting on the comfort of my own couch which is right here (laughs) watching my TV, which is right in here. If you'd like to see a step-by-step tutorial on how that works and what it looks like, I will put a link in the description below or you can click this annotation right here to go watch that video. Granted that video's actually using their mobile website, but the same steps basically apply to using the YouTube app on your device, as well. Two other stories I want to tell you guys about real quick, because I think they're valuable. One is "Ten Questions That You Should Ask Before Joining a YouTube Network". It's from Big Frame Blog. It's really good, a link to that below. Also, if you are an Android user and you want to start doing more mobile editing, a video, right on your mobile device, I'll put a link to that below, as well. So check those out below and make sure you subscribe, because tomorrow, we're going to do some YouTube tips for you guys. I'm going to show you how to use a quick, simple little tool from Google that lets you make some pretty engaging videos. On Thursday, we'll do some Q&A and talk about some questions that you guys have. All to help you who have a message really communicate well using online video and reach to people that really need to hear what you have to say. So subscribe and I will see you guys tomorrow. See you then. Bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Jake-Day [3 likes]: YouTube is excellent. I have no idea why everyone is complaining about cpm. Too many Let's Play videos maybe. Which is fine, but you can't expect five minutes of playing minecraft to pay you well. Try uploading helpful tutorials longer than ten minutes and I guarantee your cpm will skyrocket. But I can assure you if you start focusing on niche tutorials for specific products your cpm can increase 5X to 7X the average that's floating around. I'll leave you to speculate. YouTube is a great place to make serious and thoughtful content. It works exactly like the real world. Not everyone gets to skateboard or be a stand up comedian for a living. YouTube is no exception.
  2. @amyneville1140 [2 likes]: I think it would be better if they allowed the channel creators to choose the ads. The creators know their audience and what they are likely to get clicks for. Then everyone would win - more interesting ads and more clicks for the creator.
  3. @OpenEyeAutomobile [1 likes]: Who else is here in January 2020?
  4. @MangoSchool: nice content keep on
  5. @CheezhOfficial: The corona virus is crushing creators CPM right now!
  6. @BuiltByRik: I am pissed I have 2 channels and everytime I load new content the CPM tanks? WHY
Also if I promote a clip I had a CPM drop from $18 to $3 CPM If people watch why does this happen.
I loaded around 30 clips simce Nov 2019 and promoted 2 of them and I am earning less now then before loading the clips WTF?
  7. @AngelDomme: In Asia is very low RPM.
  8. @Suvi-passion_0304: HI...I M ALSO GOOGLE AD SENSE PARTNER....LAST YEAR M GETTING RPM ABOUT 0.90$ - 1.00$...BUT THIS YEAR M GETTING RPM ABOUT 0.20$ - 0.30$...CAN U PLEASE TELL ME Y THIS IS SO.....
  9. @ZimaletaMotors: my CPM was always around $10 to $11 now its $8
  10. @ZimaletaMotors: I liked and subscribedgreat video
  11. @greenveggie7188: I'm here because I typed YouTube.com wrong in The Google search bar 😂
  12. @kevintvnorskgaming6283: my cpm is $0,14 :(
  13. @monkeyblue2673: I would love to choose which ad I watch, why did youtube not implement something like this already :D
I saw this on a website of some television broadcaster where I watch series and liked it
  14. @whateverhappenshappens8634: Personally if I am being forced to watch an ad I want to pick it so it is something that is relavent
  15. @omaralayoubi6237: Thanks but I have a question, is not about the video but about the CPM, how do I get high CPM? do the length of my videos effect my CPM? for example if my videos around 30-40 minutes would that help to get higher CPM or not? 

Thanks again
  16. @nereidapr1: Yes it does but people gets lazy and don't realize that they watch for free. The least they can do is coaporate.
  17. @VideoCreators: YouTube experimented with those a while back, but ultimately dropped them because too many people were just abandoning the videos instead of selecting an ad to watch. I guess asking people to make a decision before watching the video was too much to ask. It apparently works on Hulu, though.
  18. @nereidapr1: Hulu has the choice for us to pick the commercials with their movies. I personally don't mind picking a commercial because I'm watching it free and the commercials pays them. Thats a win win situacion.
  19. @VideoCreators: I don't really keep a close eye on mine, so I don't know. They always fluctuate, though, especially in the beginning of the year. They should start to pick up a bit now as we head into the new school year and Christmas advertising seasons.
  20. @iTzKheZ: Last month CPM Was horrible, and this month is bad aswell what about yours?

- YouTube CPM very low in US  YouTube CPM Very Low in the US – What to Do 2026: Kind: captions Language: en Hey everyone, welcome back. In this video, I'll explain why your YouTube CPM is very low in the US and what you can do to fix it step by step. Many creators assume US views automatically mean high money. That's not always true. CPM depends on more than location. Step one, check your content category. Advertisers pay based on topic. Finance, investing, software, AI, business tools, and education have high CPM. Pranks, memes, gaming highlights, or general entertainment usually get lower ad bids. Even in the US, shift some content toward advertiser friendly topics. Step two, avoid limited ads. Go to YouTube Studio and check if your videos have the yellow dollar sign. Sensitive words, controversial subjects, or reused content reduce ad demand. Keep titles, thumbnails, and language brand safe. Step three, increase video length strategically. Short videos show fewer ads. Aim for 8 to 12 minutes to allow midroll ads without hurting viewer experience. Step four, improve audience retention. If viewers leave early, ads don't get shown. Hook viewers in the first 10 seconds. Remove long intros and keep pacing tight. Step five, check traffic source. US traffic from YouTube search and suggested usually pays more than shorts or external traffic. Optimize SEO titles and strong thumbnails. Step six, upload during high ad seasons. CPM drops in earlier months and rises in Q4. If it's a low ad season, focus on growth. CPM often recovers. Step seven, build a specific audience. Broad audiences attract cheaper ads. Niche viewers like business owners, marketers or tech users bring higher value advertisers. Low US CPM usually means topic retention or ad suitability issues, not YouTube punishing your channel. Apply these fixes and you'll see improvement over time. And that's how to fix low YouTube CPM in the US step by step in 2026. Like the video, subscribe for more monetization tips, and I'll see you next time.

- Why your Youtube earnings and CPM dropped and what can you do: Kind: captions Language: en or i a ah

  Top Comments:
  1. @xound101: i have 1 queation my earning was 40 and day by day they deduct my hole amount and now i have got just 8 why

- YouTube Monetization Explained (CPM & RPM Made Simple): Kind: captions Language: en If you’ve ever checked your&nbsp; YouTube analytics and thought,&nbsp;&nbsp; “Wait… is that it?” — you’re not alone. A lot of creators hear that YouTube pays well,&nbsp;&nbsp; start getting views, and still feel&nbsp; confused when the money doesn’t match&nbsp;&nbsp; the effort. And most of that confusion&nbsp; comes down to two numbers: CPM and RPM.&nbsp; They sound almost identical, they sit&nbsp; right next to each other in analytics,&nbsp;&nbsp; and most new creators assume they mean&nbsp; the same thing. But they don’t — at all.&nbsp; Once you understand the difference, YouTube&nbsp; monetization starts making way more sense — and&nbsp;&nbsp; you can make much smarter decisions about what&nbsp; to post and how to earn more from every video. Let’s start simple. CPM, or Cost Per Mille,&nbsp;&nbsp; is the amount advertisers pay for every&nbsp; 1,000 ad impressions on your channel.&nbsp; It’s basically how much brands are&nbsp; willing to pay to appear on your videos.&nbsp; Not how much YOU earn… just what they’re spending.&nbsp; And CPM changes constantly depending on your&nbsp; niche, the country your viewers live in,&nbsp;&nbsp; the time of year, and how competitive&nbsp; advertisers feel that week. RPM, or Revenue Per Mille, is the&nbsp; amount you earn for every 1,000&nbsp;&nbsp; views after YouTube takes its cut and after&nbsp; all your revenue sources are added together.&nbsp; RPM is usually lower than CPM, unless you’re&nbsp; using other monetization tools — memberships,&nbsp;&nbsp; SuperChats, Premium views,&nbsp; affiliate links, all of that.&nbsp; In short, CPM is what brands&nbsp; pay. RPM is what you get paid.&nbsp; Let me give you a realistic example&nbsp; of what most creators experience:&nbsp; You upload a video, it reaches 1,000 views,&nbsp; you open your analytics feeling excited…&nbsp; and you’re met with something like eighty cents,&nbsp; maybe two dollars, or if you’re lucky, five.&nbsp; Naturally, you start wondering, “Everyone says&nbsp; YouTube pays well — so where is my revenue?”&nbsp; Here’s the reality: Not every view triggers an ad.&nbsp; Not every ad pays the same rate. And YouTube takes 45% before any&nbsp;&nbsp; earnings reach you. So yes — 1,000 views&nbsp;&nbsp; won’t usually generate meaningful income. But the real opportunity comes when you&nbsp;&nbsp; understand how to increase your CPM and your RPM.&nbsp; A creator in a high-paying niche with just 20,000&nbsp;&nbsp; views can often earn more than a creator&nbsp; with 200,000 views in a low-paying niche.&nbsp; It’s not about the number of views —&nbsp; it’s about the value of those views. Here’s a fun fact most people don’t know: Two creators with the same subscriber count and&nbsp;&nbsp; same views can earn completely different incomes&nbsp; — because advertisers value audiences differently.&nbsp; Finance and digital marketing channels?&nbsp; Advertisers throw money at those.&nbsp; Gaming, lifestyle, beauty?&nbsp; Still amazing communities — just&nbsp;&nbsp; cheaper for brands to advertise to. This is why CPM ranges from something like&nbsp;&nbsp; $3 on the low end, all the way to $20,&nbsp; $30, or even higher in certain niches.&nbsp; But again, CPM is only one part of the equation. If your viewers are mainly&nbsp; from the US, UK, Canada,&nbsp;&nbsp; or Australia, your revenue jumps automatically. Those countries have higher purchasing power,&nbsp;&nbsp; so advertisers spend more to reach them. If your audience is from regions with lower&nbsp;&nbsp; advertiser demand, your CPM and RPM will naturally&nbsp; drop — even if your content is incredible.&nbsp; This is the part everyone cares&nbsp; about, so let’s keep it simple.&nbsp; You can increase your earnings by focusing on&nbsp; creating advertiser-friendly content that reaches&nbsp;&nbsp; higher-value audiences, make your videos long&nbsp; enough for mid-roll ads, and keep viewers watching&nbsp;&nbsp; by improving retention. Post consistently, enable&nbsp; memberships and live streams, and create content&nbsp;&nbsp; around keywords people are actively searching for. And while you’re working on improving those&nbsp;&nbsp; numbers, tools like Creator Hero can help you add&nbsp; income streams that don’t rely on CPM at all. With&nbsp;&nbsp; your own creator storefront, you can recommend&nbsp; products you truly love and earn consistent&nbsp;&nbsp; commissions, even when ad revenue fluctuates. So if there’s one thing to take away from this,&nbsp;&nbsp; it’s this: CPM and RPM aren’t just&nbsp; analytics terms — they explain why&nbsp;&nbsp; your channel earns what it earns. CPM shows how valuable your&nbsp;&nbsp; audience is to advertisers. RPM shows how well you’re&nbsp;&nbsp; turning views into real income. When you understand both, YouTube&nbsp;&nbsp; stops feeling random. You start seeing patterns,&nbsp; spotting better topics, and treating your channel&nbsp;&nbsp; like a business instead of a guessing game. And as you build that business, don’t&nbsp;&nbsp; rely only on ads. Adding extra income&nbsp; streams — like affiliate tools such as&nbsp;&nbsp; Creator Hero — gives you way more stability,&nbsp; especially when ad revenue goes up and down.&nbsp; If you want a follow-up on the&nbsp; highest-paying YouTube niches or&nbsp;&nbsp; a step-by-step way to increase your RPM,&nbsp; let me know. Happy to break it down next.

  Top Comments:
  1. @OCDScratcherAddict: I’m curious about the highest paying YouTube niches
  2. @Plabon.PFX_media: Hey Creator Hero, 

Just watched your video on YouTube Monetization Explained (CPM & RPM Made Simple). Super clear explanation. 
Honestly, it feels like it could get more views and higher retention with a slightly stronger intro. 

The value is there, but some viewers might drop before it fully lands. 

If you’re open, I’d love to do a quick sample re-edit to show how it could hold views and higher retention better without changing your message. 

Thanks,
Plabon

- CPM Work Live Earning Proof 💰| CPM Work Dollar Drop Problem | Dollar Drop Problem Solve: Kind: captions Language: en Brother, I did not have even the slightest interest in making videos, but first of all, let me tell you one thing, you guys please look at the screen next to me, brother, I am showing an earning proof, which is how much has been earned through Paytm, and brother, he taught me that CPMark, and after that, whatever he did on his channel and how much dollars he increased, first of all, you guys should notice one thing, in the month of February, his earning was in rupees, in March month it was ₹84, in Preet month it was ₹200, in Mahi month it was ₹700, why did it decrease so much, brother, he himself did not reduce it till February-March, but from April month, he started reducing, he thought of increasing his channel on his own, he thought of increasing the RPM of his channel on his own, and he was able to increase his earning, but it was not happening, okay, and after April month, he tried it on his own in the month of March also, but in June month, he finally took my feed method, and brother, his June earnings were not there, see brother. He has earned 189 rupees and earned 18000 rupees through the whole life mantra of wine and brother, his month of July has just started in July Math, although I am making this video in the last of July but I had sent this screenshot but I have just seen the message and I am seeing his thing, okay and I will tell you guys about the method of making the video, although he had taken the method from me a month or two ago and brother, he first earned up to 18000, although he had made some mistakes, as you can see the graph, this brother had increased his daily earning and brother, he did not do anything in the entire Math and increased his earning in one go, so brother, what is this, how did he do it, first of all you guys see his video clip and then the video will come, we will start, hello gas, I had bought a car from Kirtan Bhai by paying ₹3000, I have to withdraw a total of 18000 from this Math [Music] so I made a mistake in that, I have withdrawn the rest and Kirtan Bhai I want to say thank you and my channel's name is F Army handle is F Army 94 thank you brother I had increased dollars and my dollars dropped because they made some mistakes and brother I can tell you that there is no denial although there was a very good update but it dropped but some of them did not get a little bit but it is a little bit good especially they dropped a little bit which they did not find right brother because brother anyone's dollars will drop and a person who works hard gives problem so you people know very well that brother dollars increase, some people's dollars increase but theirs also drop completely, it drops to zero so brother why does this happen, I will tell you everything, see if you want to learn anything from any professional band then brother whatever guy teaches you from there, he will not teach you each and every thing, he will not teach all the things even if you know that thing but you have ever tried it and your dollars will not be lost, however VPN download will increase install VPN, watch the video, install the earning proxy, watch the video, install There is a solution for that too, brother, if install ad is coming on your video, then how can you increase the download on it, although his Khadka was installing ad, so I told him many other ways, brother, if I am charging for it, then it will not be like that, by telling this trick or I will leave a VPN, until his dollars increase, I will have to guide him and that is my responsibility and I do it brother, brother, dollar increase, I know how it is done, so he did a very good learning and his dollar increase is fine and then if we talk about this Math now, then brother, this brother has not done it yet because brother, I myself was out for 10, 15, 20 days and was not replying to him, so he did not message me and then he messaged to contact me, so I have guided him on all the things and he has started it again, that is, after two-three months, he is making a video and sending it to me and what you saw in the video clip starting, he has made it and sent it to me today itself saying that brother, you like this video clip I didn't say, give me a video clip, I'll do it, and I'll show my viewers what problems arise if you do n't use the dollar trick, but if you direct it yourself, then although you'll say that they did it, or even if their dollar dropped, whatever happened, a little bit, then I'll tell you, they made mistakes, it's not what I said, I'm here, you have to do as I say, there won't be any dropping, there wo n't be any problem, but if you use your own brain, then there will be 100% dropping in that situation, so getting a VPN is not a small thing, once again, if you get a VPN, you can increase your dollars, you can order it, there's a proper method so that YouTube doesn't know that this is invalid traffic or anything else, we guide you through all these things and will get you to this level, brother, you'll earn a good amount, although many people who have knowledge don't have a VPN, and many people who have VPN don't have knowledge, brothers, if you want to earn If you want to increase then go ahead and you will also get the WhatsApp number of your contact and we will increase your earnings 100% and let us now see the winner of our previous video, those who commented on our previous video, there will be a community post of theirs, you guys can subscribe to them, if you also want to promote your channel then comment on our new video as much as possible and don't forget to like the video, do n't forget to subscribe to the channel, let's meet in the next video with another new topic, my only job in this video was to show the proof, which I showed you the proof, the rest today I was not feeling like making this video at all, but I thought let's show the proof, whatever happens to the retirement of many people, and personally I cannot give proof to so many people, so I made a video and gave the proof to everyone together, let's meet next

  Top Comments:
  1. @rjvibes04 [1 likes]: Nice 👍
  2. @9x7354: 51 din ho gya per kaam ni hua
  3. @RKGamer0007: Good Vibes
  4. @BOSSKITECH1: Nice❤❤🎉

- Session RPM (EPMV) vs RPM vs CPM For Websites: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] what's the difference between CPMs rpms and EP and V they are actually quite different and knowing the difference is vital to improving website revenue you can think of these three metrics as a pyramid CPMs are the foundation of that pyramid CPMs are the advertiser cost of putting a thousand impressions on a page rpms are revenue per 1,000 page views earned by a publisher this is a measure that is calculated by dividing estimated earnings by 1,000 page views a website's average RPM includes the cumulative total of all the CPM x' on the page views used in the RPM calculation EP m/v or earnings per thousand visitors is the total revenue earned per 1000 sessions or visits EPM ve accounts for the impact of UX on revenue like multiple page views during a single visit this gives you a clear picture of the revenue a site earns per visitor it can account for the impact of an ad causing a visitor to bounce thus limiting the total revenue they could have earned had they visited multiple pages rpm simply calculates total page views so doesn't account for the value of each visitor in this example you can see how an article with a higher RPM actually generates less total revenue than the article with a lower RPM why the landing page with a ten dollar RPM averages a higher number of pageviews per visit if you only focus on rpms you might think the other landing page generates more actual revenue but you'd be wrong that's why EPM V is the most accurate way of evaluating how much a site earns per visitor and why it shouldn't always be used when optimizing a website instead of rpms or CPMs

  Top Comments:
  1. @ye6224: thank you man , the only one that explained this correctly

- The ONLY Faceless Niches You Should Try in 2026: Kind: captions Language: en I've been studying faceless YouTube channels for the past 3 years, and what I just discovered will completely change the way you think about YouTube in 2026. Most creators are still fighting over the same oversaturated niches. AI tutorials, faceless motivation, and trend-based content that worked years ago. Meanwhile, a handful of creators are quietly dominating completely different spaces that almost nobody is talking about. After analyzing more than 300 fast growing faceless channels, I found something surprising. Over 90% of the top performers share one thing in common. They all create in very specific niches that most people completely overlook. So, if you're ready to stop chasing trends and start building something that actually lasts, here are six faceless YouTube niches worth mastering in 2026. Let's start with a niche that most creators overlook. They think it's too complex or that you need a degree to talk about it. Economics and finance. Here's what's wild. The channels dominating this space are doing the exact opposite. They're not using complex charts or academic jargon. They're using cartoon monkeys. Yes, you heard that right. Channels like Primate Economics and Monkey Explains have exploded in growth by using simple 2D animation. literally animated apes explaining topics like inflation, trade, and the cost of living in ways anyone can understand. Primate economics with just 19 videos has gained over 400,000 subscribers and 24 million views. Monkey explains with only 23 videos has built a massive community using the same approach. The secret? People want to understand economics because it affects their daily lives. But most videos either oversimplify or overwhelm them. These channels hit the sweet spot. Storytelling that's simple, visual, and smart. The psychology is brilliant. They take something people feel they should understand but are intimidated by and make it accessible through simple animation and storytelling. But here's the real kicker. The RPM in this niche are incredible because you're attracting educated professionals, business owners, and the like. And the best part, you don't need an economics background to create this kind of content. With tools like ChatGpt for research, Recraft for visuals, 11 Labs for voiceovers, and Caput AI for editing, you can bring complex topics to life. Let's move to a niche that most creators overlook because they assume that you have to be part of YouTube drama to succeed. Digital culture. Here's what's interesting. The creators leading this niche aren't drama channels. They're storytellers documenting internet culture in a cinematic way. Channels like Internet Anarchist and Tell Us More are leading the charge. internet anarchist with over 1.7 million subscribers creates documentary style videos about the rise and fall of online creators, internet scandals, and major cultural moments across the web. Tell us more with over 170,000 subscribers takes a slightly different angle. It focuses on character studies, diving into the lives of fascinating figures, public personalities, and online icons to explore who they are and why their stories matter. Both channels rely on research, narrative, and editing, not reactions or gossip. They blend journalism and storytelling to make viewers feel like they're watching a Netflix series about the internet. The psychology is simple. People are fascinated by the personalities shaping digital culture, but they don't have time to follow every creator. These channels become curators, storytellers who make sense of the chaos online. And the best part, you don't need to be on camera to do this. With Notebook LM or Perplexity AI for research, ChatgPT for scripting, 11 Labs for voiceovers, and Cap Cut AI for editing, you can create cinematic insightful videos completely faceless. Now, let's move to a niche that's been around for years, yet still has massive, untapped potential. Book breakdown and concept summaries. Creators have transformed this niche from simple book recaps into something much deeper. storytelling through ideas and animation. Instead of summarizing one book at a time, these creators build themes that connect lessons from psychology, business, and philosophy into one cohesive narrative. Channels like Antidote, escaping ordinary, and little bit better are leading the way. They don't just summarize books. They turn ideas into visual essays. Through narration, motion design, and clean animation, they make complex concepts simple and engaging. Just look at the results. Antidote has gained nearly 100,000 subscribers with only 18 videos, and Escaping Ordinary with just 16 uploads has grown to over 1.7 million subscribers with each video pulling in millions of views. What makes this niche so powerful is the audience. These are curious, self-improvementdriven viewers who want to grow but don't have hours to read. Each video delivers the core ideas in minutes paired with visuals that make the message unforgettable. And the best part, you don't need to show your face or even own a massive library. With chat GPT or notebook LM, you can research and summarize books while weaving in your own storytelling. Use Recraft or Gamma AI to design visuals that match the clean, minimal look of the reference channels. Then add narration with 11 Labs and finish it all in Cap Cut for that cinematic feel. This niche works because it turns learning into storytelling, helping people grow while keeping them entertained. Before we continue with the remaining niches, I have something for you. If you'd like me to cover how to start any of these channels, just type the name of the niche in the comments and I'll add it to my list for upcoming videos. And while you're at it, don't forget to grab the free checklist I've put together to help you start your faceless YouTube journey. All right, let's keep going. Now, this next niche, honestly, it left my jaw on the floor. It's what I call visual explainer or painted storytelling. Channels in this niche turn complex ideas, and real events into simple painted stories. They blend narration, minimal animation, handdrawn visuals, and strong storytelling to make learning visually engaging. Channels like Simple Paint Official, The Paint Explainer, and The Paint Prof have discovered something incredible about human psychology, and they're using it to their advantage. The Paint Explainer regularly hits an average of over 500,000 views per video using nothing but basic drawing tools and clear explanations. The channel is barely 2 years old and already has more than 1.5 million subscribers with over 200 million views on long- form content. That's impressive. Meanwhile, Simple Paint and the Paint Professor have built strong followings of over 150,000 subscribers each, all by explaining complex topics through handdrawn visuals that feel personal and authentic. The secret? In a world full of overproduced content, these simple drawings feel genuine. They hold attention better than flashy animations because the drawing process itself is mesmerizing. But here's the real opportunity. The visual simplicity is actually the hook. Your brain focuses on the content because it's not distracted by fancy effects. It's like having a one-on-one tutoring session where someone draws the concept while explaining it. And the best part, you don't need expensive tools or design skills. With Canva for drawing, Cap Cut or Da Vinci Resolve for editing, and 11 Labs for voice over and sound design, you can create videos that are simple, authentic, and highly sharable. This niche works because it blends education with creativity. Proof that sometimes less is more. If you've made it this far in the video, stay tuned. The last niche on this list will absolutely blow your mind. This next niche proves that history will never go out of style, especially when it's told like a story and delivered properly. Historical deep dives. The channels dominating this space aren't giving broad history lessons. They're laserfocused on specific events, battles, and untold stories that most people have never heard before. Channels focusing on World War content like WW2 tales are absolutely crushing it. His videos consistently pull in thousands of views because history content is completely evergreen. A video you make today about World War II can still generate views and revenue years from now. And here's something interesting. Most of his videos are around 1 hour long, and that's one of his biggest secrets. Longer videos lead to higher watch time and stronger recommendations from YouTube. But the real magic isn't just in the video length. It's in how he covers untold angles of very popular topics. He turns historical events into cinematic narratives that feel like watching a full documentary series. Here's the real opportunity. Most creators avoid this niche because they think it requires years of research. But AI has changed everything. You can now dive deep into any historical event, uncover unique angles, and create content that feels fresh, even when covering stories from decades ago. Just make sure to factch checkck with other reliable sources because a I can sound confident even when it's wrong. And the best part, producing this kind of video is incredibly simple. Use old photos or archival footage to match your narration. Research with ChatGpt. Record your voice with 11 Labs. And you don't even need heavy sound design or background music. As you can see with this channel, the key is to find the human element in every event. The emotion, the decisions, the people behind the history. That's what makes these stories feel real and powerful. If you love research, storytelling, and worldb buildinging, this is one of the most rewarding, faceless niches you can step into. Now, on to the final niche. And trust me, this one shocked me the most. AI documentary. I didn't even know this was a thing. Instead of reviewing AI tools or chasing quick trends, creators in the space are building cinematic narratives around how artificial intelligence is shaping the world. Channels like AI species dive deep into AI developments, dangers, scenarios, and predictions. For example, it begins AI is now improving itself. A realistic scenario of an AI takeover. It begins. An AI literally attempted murder to avoid shutdown. Now, that last video alone gained over 7.3 million views in just 9 days at the time of this recording, and it could be even more by the time you watch this. These videos feel less like short explainers and more like short films. They blend narration, visuals, and emotion to explore how technology is transforming our lives. AI species has cracked the code by treating AI not as a passing trend but as the biggest story of our time. The secret you're not just talking about AI tools. You're analyzing the biggest technological shift in human history. That positions you as a thought leader, not just another tech reviewer. And here's the real opportunity. This niche attracts some of the most valuable audiences on YouTube. We're talking tech executives, investors, entrepreneurs, and forwardthinking professionals. And the best part, you don't need to be a programmer or an AI researcher. With Perplexity AI for research, chat GPT for analysis, and real clips from the internet for visuals, you can create content that positions you at the forefront of the AI revolution. The key is to think bigger than tools. Focus on implications, consequences, and what this all means for the future. So, those are the six faceless YouTube niches I truly believe will dominate 2026. Each one has a different style, a different audience, and a different creative workflow. But they all share one thing in common. They let you build real influence without ever showing your face. Now, here's the thing. Knowing the niche is just the first step. The real question is, how do you actually start a faceless channel that grows? I've put together a full step-by-step video that walks you through everything from choosing your niche to creating your first video, setting up your AI workflow, and publishing your channel the right way. If you're serious about building your own faceless YouTube channel in 2026, click right here to watch how to start a faceless YouTube channel using AI. It'll show you exactly how to take what you've learned today and turn it into action. I'll see you there.

  Top Comments:
  1. @thezinnystudio [91 likes]: Comment below which niche you want me to break down next and I’ll create a full tutorial on how to start that exact type of faceless channel.

Also, my  voice will be back from the next video for those who have been asking.
  2. @HumansThroughAnimalEyes [1 likes]: Let's get going. We can do it! 🐕
  3. @chrisnunez5828: That’s cool.  I wanna start shorts
  4. @mrsspringbok: cartoons animation for kids
  5. @NewCreationFundamentals: Spiritual Christian Faceless Channel
  6. @GaneshPurnima-x3h8s: this is so helpful, i finally got some ideas
  7. @NEXT_LEVEL-20: wow, this video opened my eyes to new stuff
  8. @thecricketzoneindiayt: never thought of these niches, thanks for the tips
  9. @CRyixsty: def gonna try some of these ideas out 👍
  10. @Guddukumardas-j9r: I’ve been treating ChatGPT research like a shortcut. This video reminded me the prompt is basically my outline, even before I storyboard in LongStories ai.
  11. @TESSFITHUB: Ok
  12. @DNeonMind: Ai documentary
  13. @Laterlifepeace: As an FYI: the first channel your reviewed "Primate Economics" was demonetized. So, be careful.
  14. @heydutchl34715: they need to show how many are paid subscribers of the channel
  15. @zelalzelal-it4dh: i never thought of these niches, thanks for sharing
  16. @rajasthanichora1239: really liked the examples you gave, very interesting
  17. @BijoykrishnaBora: That gold rush analogy fits AI tools too. LongStories ai is my shovel, but the niche selection decides whether I’m mining air.
  18. @HIMCO45HIMCO45: wow this is super helpful, gonna try some of these
  19. @पबनकुमार-छ6र: ok but which one is the easiest to start with
  20. @relicrecall: Hope to find a niche that fits me

- I Found 15 Faceless AI YouTube Niches With 0 COMPETITION: Kind: captions Language: en So you probably want to start YouTube automation, but you just don't know what kind of niche to choose. So today is your lucky day because I have just found 15 faceless AI YouTube automation niches with literally zero competition, which are all basically good to go for anyone who's just starting out. Now for the people who don't know I am, I'm Stefan. I've made hundreds of thousands of dollars with faceless YouTube channels. There at the back you can also see my play buttons. So you can trust that you are in good hands. With that being said, I would say let's get started with the first niche, which is called or with the first channel, which is called Off Grid Secrets. Now this is a very interesting channel, all right? Not every single video on this channel has performed extremely well, but if we look at the videos that have performed extremely well, we can see here this video, this video, and this video. All these three videos have performed extremely well, and they're all in the same kind of sub niche. So if we have something exactly like this, where we have like two, three, or even four videos performing very well on a very small channel, we're pretty much good to go to say like, "Hey, can we actually go ahead and create a specific channel about these kind of topics only?" If yes, if you guys know a little bit a little bit about this, then I would 100% recommend it. If we look at the videos, let me just click on this, we can see that the videos aren't too difficult to create. So actually very easy to create. Um I can see that they actually made a mistake here in the beginning, and this video still ended up getting 5,000 views. They just have like a still image here in the beginning. So make sure to not do that. Like actually have a good video. And um yeah, awesome niche. This is perfect for anyone who's just starting out with YouTube automation. Trust me, the niches are going to get crazy that we have on this list, but this one like if we look only at these three videos, very good to go if we start only a channel in those. Then we have Not So Distant Past. 16 videos, 6,000 subscribers. The oldest video is 1 month old, so this channel is already 1 month old. Pretty new channel. Has gotten 500,000 views since then. The most popular video has gotten 180,000 views. And if we look at these videos, we can see most of the video is literally AI like not AI images actually, but real images. And under that it's just like a voiceover. So you know, anyone who, you know, wants to start YouTube automation, but can't edit videos. You can't tell me that you can't do this. You can literally go to YouTube, look up how to edit, and you'll know exactly like literally like maybe 15 minutes, you'll know exactly how to create videos like this. Now I like like these these kind of thumbnails are pretty easy to do. It looks like as if they completely done with AI. Very consistent style. This is always something we're looking for if we're looking for, you know, looking to get into a niche, but always looking for consistency on the channel. And that's exactly what we see on this channel right here. Then we get to the third channel already on our list. Trust me, as I said, like the the the channels are going to get better and better and better. This one here is the Coin I don't know Lab. Um we can see this channel started 1 month ago, 300,000 views, then 100,000 views, and then the last few videos haven't performed the best. Now, what would I do if I would actually go into a channel like this? You Everyone knows there's a lot going on around the world at this current stage, and this is exactly where channels like this are very very powerful because people are panicking. People want to know what to do with their money, right? Or people want to know here for example how much how much work for 1 oz of silver, 2,000 years in one video. Okay, it's a little bit different, but we can still take advantage of these specific topics, right? Here, the only six assets that actually survived economic collapse. As I said, this video here, 300,000 views, clearly shows us that people want to see this content right now. Now this style of content as this channel packages it is something that I haven't seen very often. So this is something again you can take advantage in and start a channel exactly like this. The RPM is going to be very good, very good. And you know, package your videos the same way. Awesome channel. Um nine videos, 4,000 subscribers, got 400,000 views with nine videos. Now the RPM is probably going to be over $10 on this channel, by the way. So yes, let's go to the next one. The Design Blueprint. 10 videos. This is one of my favorites actually on this list. Um but 10 videos, this channel has gotten 470,000 views. Now why do I say this is one of my favorites? Very simple. Very new channel. So it's only 3 weeks old. And that we can actually sell digital products on a channel exactly like this. Plus these like if we look at this channel, we can clearly see a consistency. Not only that, if we click for example on this video here that got 160,000 views, we can see that these videos are not too difficult to create. Again, I really like to go into niches that, you know, actually require editing. So I like the traditional way of doing YouTube automation, but I don't want it to be too difficult so I have to spend hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of dollars for every video, all right? So yes, that's why I like this channel a lot, all right? Now guys, obviously I'm giving you guys a bunch of niches right here, but these niches don't help you if you don't have the fundamental knowledge of YouTube. So after this video I would highly recommend you guys to check out the first link or no, the second link in the video description, where you will find a complete free 5-hour YouTube course. After you after and after you watch it, you'll literally learn everything about YouTube. Then we have Truck Guide US. Very interesting channel as well. Now some of you guys may remember, and this is something I want to show you. Maybe I find it, maybe I don't. But there's one specific channel that kind of brought this style of videos or this style of thumbnails into life, all right? So what these people here are doing is they're taking a specific something that works from a different niche and implementing it on whatever niche they're in, and this works extremely well when it comes to faceless YouTube channels. Here we can see this channel started only 1 month ago. First video, 22,000 views. Second video already 1 million views. So in the car niche, I know the RPM is pretty decent, like $6, so this video here probably generated them like round about I would say the video's under 8 minutes, so I would say maybe like I would say like 4 to 5,000 dollars, all right? Because the video's under 8 minutes. The guy missed out on a lot of money because he made a short video. So quick tip, don't make short videos. But otherwise, this channel is very consistent. I really like the style, and this style seems to be working very very very well across YouTube at the moment in a bunch of different niches. A lot of channels are using these exact same style of thumbnails, and it's working very well for them. Um if we look at the video quality, oh they actually have another video with a million views, which is very strong. But if you look at the video quality again, not something that you need an extremely expensive editor for. These videos are very very basic, and no joke, anyone and everyone can create a video like this. Um there's so many videos on YouTube that teach you exactly how to edit videos like this. So for the clips, you can literally get the clips from YouTube, from Storyblocks. You can add it it you can kind of add images from Google. You can, you know, there's so many ways to get these clips, and as long as you keep these clips under 7 seconds, you're completely good to go. You don't have to worry about anything. Then we have Loving Shadows. Let's have a look at this channel. 18 videos, 6,000 subscribers. Interesting channel. Very interesting channel. So again, this channel took one specific thing that worked into a different niche, all right? So here we can see the channel's 1 month old. First video, 270,000 views. 60,000 views, 50,000 views, 90,000 views, 70,000 views. And this is all about abandoned places, okay? Very interesting. The videos are again not too difficult. I don't repeat myself all the time, but the videos are really not that difficult to create. Um the voiceovers probably AI, script AI, and the video is just edited by a video editor. So awesome channel. Pretty easy. Here gets 200,000 views a week, which is pretty decent, round about a million views a month, which would be about like I would say like 7,000 dollars for this channel. Videos are a bit longer, so that is completely awesome. By the way, if you're interested or if you kind of want to skip this whole trial and error, then make sure to book your call with me in the first link in the video description, and we'll have a look if it makes sense to kind of work together or if it doesn't make sense. We'll see on the call. It will be a no pressure call. If I can see I can help you, I will tell you. If I I if I see I can't help you, I'll tell you as well. So go ahead and feel free to book your call right now. Then we have Decoded Dishes. The footage is very interesting, by the way. Like a few I see a a few channels blowing up, but 17 videos, 7,000 subscribers. And this is a kind of niche again that we see a lot of like different different um or the packaging is something that we see in a lot of niches, and it's working over and over and over and over again. So for example here if we look at the most popular video, 800,000 views, Every Steak Explained in 10 Minutes. And as I can see the videos aren't too difficult to create. Again, you know, just images and clips um over the whole video with a voice over. Um yeah, awesome channel packaging very consistent. This channel is getting 150,000 views every 7 days. Awesome channel awesome channel awesome channel. 1 million views in total with 17 videos is really not that bad. Then we have Beyond the Map. Now this is a channel about Let's see here. Okay. Interesting. Now I don't know why most people watch these videos, but it's like about here for example 25 places in America you should never move to. Okay, I might understand why you would look at these videos if you want to move to a different place, but here just as an example, The Loneliest Place in Heartland 10 towns hanging on. 2 weeks ago 90,000 views. Okay, which is pretty good. And it's going to be or or yeah, probably older people watch these videos. 500,000 views in the last 7 days. Let's just take a guess that the RPM is $7. That would be round about $500 a day, which is really not bad for videos exactly like this because then you know we can create the we can get these videos created for like 15 $20. If we just use you know any AI to write these scripts, then we use Gen AI Pro to do the voice overs, which I'll link in the video description. It's like kind of the cheapest AI voice over tool you can get. $22 for million credits. And the voice overs are really not that bad. They're actually pretty decent. Then you you know spend a thousand a thousand five hundred dollars on on videos on this channel. And this channel has gotten 3.5 million views. Not bad. Really not bad. And um for sure profitable. And we can see that they post a completely different videos in the beginning which is also very interesting. So if a channel switches niche like this one does, it works very well. That's time to jump onto a niche like that. All right, then we go to the next one which is interesting. All right, now this is more about like how a poor French boy created Givenchy just as an example or how a poor French boy created Dior. Interesting channel. I think you can do a few things better if we look at just as an example the videos the videos could be made a little bit better. I think if you go into this niche and create like documentary type videos, think that might even work way better. Now something we can see in this niche is that first of all, a lot of consistency in the thumbnails. So we know exactly what works in this niche. Firstly, secondly what we see that these videos are pretty long. All right, the videos are here almost 40 minutes long. So this is very interesting. Why? Because you will have a higher RPM with these long videos. Now would I directly go ahead and copy this channel? Probably not. I'd go ahead and do this for for example cars or other everyday normal everyday things that we use every single day. That's what I would do. I wouldn't directly go ahead and and copy this channel here one on one. Um but it's a awesome channel idea for you know, different sub niches as well. So really like it. Then we have this channel here Village Village Reds. I don't know if I said correctly. Five videos 500 subscribers very small channel. Now something interesting I see, not sure if some of you guys have seen this before as well, but many channels have like a random video that they just post and then a week later they start posting. Might be something to kind of warm up your account. I don't know. Okay, but yeah. We can see here 24 minutes the videos are 24 minutes. The channel is doing quite well. 10,000 views 40,000 views 60,000 views then 2,000 views. It's all about pirates. As far as I can see it's AI generated clips. Now this is also something you can do with Gen AI Pro. You can also generate your your clips. And let me just have a look. No, it's AI generated images not even clips. It's just images, which is quite easy to I guess like everyone can generate images with AI. Not the most difficult thing if you're struggling with that. Just go to YouTube. YouTube has so many tutorials like for example this one. Okay. Then we have Geovara. Let's have a look. Some of these channels I can't even remember when I put because it takes me quite a while to put together this list of of of channels. But here we can see Geovara. S- 3,000 subscribers 18 videos. And the most popular video has 900,000 views. It's more about disasters as well. So this is a little bit more risky as well. So this channel is a bit risky. So if you go into this it is risky. Okay, I just want to mention it. So they first did completely different videos then they switched over to this thumbnail style. Something I really like. You always want to test test test test. And then they switched over to this. And this seems to be working very well on this channel as well. So the um left side is like a person on the right side of the the image. And then these breaking news kind of thumbnails have been or type thumbnails have always been working pretty well. Videos again easy. As I've said like I like channels where you can very easily create videos. 600,000 views in the last 7 days. RPM is going to be decent. What do you want more? All right. Then we have Curious Britain. Here again this is something we can take into so many different directions so we don't need to stick to Britain. We can go to the US to Canada to Australia to so many different countries, which makes something like this always very cool. at 12 British villagers grounded um by their own government and why. So here 10 creepy ghost towns hidden across the UK. What happened? Thumbnails very very simple video topics. Very simple. You can literally go to ChatGPT, ask it for more similar video topics to this. And trust me it's going to spit out hundreds of video topics. Then here 120,000 views in 2 weeks. Channel's very new. Then we go here 3 weeks old. Awesome channel. Not much to say to this one. Very small still. Probably absolutely no competition. And um yes. Then Pro Farm Profits. For the people who like or or who are maybe on a farm or like farming, um this very interesting not only for people that are on farms, but also people you know want to start faceless YouTube channels and um monetize them. Very awesome channel to monetize outside of YouTube because you can pretty easily sell digital products on channels like this. Now it's a farm channel. 150,000 views. The RPM is not extremely high. It's like three four dollars. But here first video 170,000 views 150,000 views 140,000 views 130,000 views. So it's doing well. The thumbnails are still a mess. So if I could recommend something to this to this person who's running this channel double down on the thumbnails that have been working the best for you. Double down on that style because you already know how the audience reacts to it instead of trying new things over and over and over again. If you already know what's working. Okay. Also for you guys if you have one video on your channel and you know that one video has done better than all of the other videos on your channel, double down on that video. Okay, it's a game changer. Literally you know, helped most of our students scale from literally nothing to thousands of dollars a month. If you look at Andre just as an example, he started with us around about 4 months ago. And all he basically did was doubling down doubling down. And then he just crushed like 30K now in February, which is insane. But yeah, let's continue. So here 16 videos 4,000 views Earth Fresh. So this channel, I took it in. It's firstly a age channel. All right, we can usually see it's a age channel if they have videos that are like 17 years old. But secondly, what we can see is this here. And this here. Okay. So I see if I've seen a few of these outline videos of before and after as we see exactly here nature and they're all doing very well. So if you want to start a channel in the nature kind of space, I'd highly recommend you to go for something exactly like this. Okay. This channel is doing well. 100,000 views a week. Very small channel still, but yes. Then Make Tech Future. 71 videos 10,000 subscribers. Here we can see exactly what I've just spoken about. So this is also actually a nature channel as far as I can see. Or is it a channel that they kind of building stuff. Now I'm not completely sure, but what I know is that this channel is doing good. Okay. 400,000 views in the last 7 days. Pretty good. Started 4 months ago. And so this channel is still completely new. What we can see is this channel really likes to go for these kind of split screens thumbnails and it's working very well. Otherwise we can always see it's the text is on the top. Again I'm not going to say it again, but the videos are very easy. So I just said it again. And um yeah, awesome channel. Now keep in mind guys, if you you know, want to start one of these niches, still make sure that you actually go ahead and you watch the completely free course on this channel. So you actually know what to do if you start the channel. It will be on my face right or it will be here somewhere. Um just click on it and then I'll see you over there.

  Top Comments:
  1. @MovieBD-s5d [5 likes]: Someone says AI videos are not getting monetized. Someone else says AI videos are getting fewer views. Some say AI voice videos are losing views. Others claim they are earning thousands of dollars using AI voices—some say $5,000, others say $2,000. Meanwhile, some people are warning against using AI voices at all.

So in this situation, what should we do as small creators? What do you guys do? Do you just create the type of videos you feel like making?

I hope you’ll give an answer.
  2. @MovieBD-s5d [3 likes]: Someone says AI videos are not getting monetized. Someone else says AI videos are getting fewer views. Some say AI voice videos are losing views. Others claim they are earning thousands of dollars using AI voices—some say $5,000, others say $2,000. Meanwhile, some people are warning against using AI voices at all.

So in this situation, what should we do as small creators? What do you guys do? Do you just create the type of videos you feel like making?

I hope you’ll give an answer.
  3. @OfficialSteffenMiro [1 likes]: If you’re interested, I put together a free full course here: https://youtu.be/SJ7h3paTWnw
  4. @riscandoleira [1 likes]: I am Brazilian. And... it1s content is very amazing! Congrats!
  5. @NovaElite13 [1 likes]: And those 15 will be demonetized for inauthentic content
  6. @WebodeQuiz: nice review, thanks!
  7. @SunilSingh-b5i7v: Audio track button on please sir
  8. @SmallHouseTales: Thanks you sir
  9. @Cognifyme01: how i can start this one same niche ?
  10. @Jaishika: Great video.
  11. @HiringHaven: Good Info. Thank you
  12. @FitAfterForty8: Отвечаю,парень немец :))
  13. @WhimsyGrandma: Interesting ideas , thanks for sharing!
  14. @RubyMon-w9l: Almost all is AI mass production, i think. :)
  15. @KhoofFun: I tried similar channels but my every channel either got inauthentic content or deleted due to spam possible brother what to do please tell
  16. @nadziejanajutro: random video is because they "make hours" to be monetized ;] its not organic growth channel ;) - you may guess, this got only 50+ views but they watch in slow mode + repeat and views for 1000% drop ;)
  17. @Mine.TalesStories: Interesting video
  18. @kittyai99: wow really its unbelievable
  19. @stonijames47: How to skip o views problem
  20. @Philipfinancehub: Usa people don't support me

- Niche Bending: Why Copying Viral Niches Fails in 2026: Kind: captions Language: en So you found a viral YouTube niche, a faceless channel making $34,000 a month, and your first thought was, "Let me go make the exact same channel." Cool. So did 47,000 other people who watched the same video. Now you're all fighting over the same audience with the same thumbnails, the same AI voice, getting 12 views while the original creator and the algorithm both ignore you. That's not a strategy. That's a stampede, and in 2026, YouTube's AI is smart enough to recognize the stampede and bury you in it. But the creators actually making money right now? They watched the same niche reveal videos you did. They just didn't copy. They bent. Here's what I mean. Every YouTube niche is two things: a market, that's the topic, psychology, yoga, finance, and a format, that's how you present it, AI character narrates, animated visual, illustrated explainer. Copying is taking someone's market and their format. That's a stampede. While niche bending is taking their format and doing a market swap, rolling it into a completely different topic. Format-first thinking. Find the format. Swap the market. That's the entire method. Let me prove it. A channel called Felu made videos about the psychology of cats. Illustrated characters, voiceover, interesting facts. Blew up. Someone did a market swap, same format, but about dogs. That's Mindful Paw. Also blew up. Then someone looked at both and thought, "The format isn't about animals. It's about psychology. What if the subject is babies instead? Same illustrated characters, same voiceover, but now the audience is new parents. Completely different market. Almost zero competition." That channel is pulling thousands of views. Three channels, same format, three different markets. None of them is competing with each other. Now, that's niche bending. And the next logical bend, psychology of pregnant women. Massive audience, high CPM. Nobody's doing it yet. So I just gave you a new viral niche for free. Second example, I just covered the animated yoga niche, Yoga with Larissa, 108,000 subscribers from 65 videos, Happy Flow, monetized in under 3 months, $34,000 a month according to VidIQ. Format, AI character, countdown timer, calm music, short voiceover. Both channels target kids yoga. If you copy them, you're channel number 500 in kids yoga. But watch what happens when you do a market swap. Same format, yoga for pregnant women, higher CPM, underserved. Yoga for seniors, aging population, untapped. Meditation poses for anxiety, mental health crossover. Four channels, one format, all from the same 30-second observation. That's format-first thinking. Not every format bends. Some are locked to their creator or their market. So here's the four-second test. One, can you describe the thumbnail in one sentence? If yes, it's a format. Two, can you swap one word in the title and it works for a different topic? Bendable. Three, does it depend on a specific person's face or personality? If no, it transfers. Four, could it work for a completely different audience? If yes, you found your bend. If all four are yes, that format is transferable. Grab it. Here's the framework. Five simple steps. One, find a fast-growing channel. Look for new channels where views are way higher than their subscriber count. Those are format-driven, not personality-driven. Like this channel, Bible Blade, just 18,000 subscribers, but look at these views, over 300,000 on one video, 60,000 on another. Faceless, no personality driving it. That's a format, and that format is bendable. Two, separate format from market. Very important. What is this channel doing? Not the topic, the production format, AI character, animation style. Isolate it. Three, list five markets where that format hasn't been applied. This is the creative step. Look for markets with large audiences, high search demand, and premium advertisers. Markets like psychology, finance, self-improvement, health, education. And if you're stuck here thinking, "I don't know which markets are actually profitable," I put together a guide with 100 of the most profitable YouTube niches with their CPM data, competition levels, and growth rates. So instead of guessing which market to bend into, you're picking from a list of proven winners. Link is in the description. Four, validate. Search YouTube for your bend. Few results or only small channels, open space. 10 established channels already doing it, that bend is taken. Move on. Five, build. And here's your advantage. Copycats compete from day one. Benders are often the first or second channel in their space. YouTube actively pushes content in underserved categories. You get free discovery that copycats will never see. Quick reality check on why copying specifically dies in 2026. YouTube's algorithm now runs on viewer satisfaction, and in 2026, it doesn't just measure clicks. It measures the uniqueness of value. If your video's a one-to-one clone, your average view duration craters because viewers have literally seen it before. The algorithm detects that drop and stops recommending you. When 50 channels have the same thumbnails, same titles, same AI voice for the same topic, the viewer picks one. The other 49 get buried. When someone searches your bent niche and only two or three channels exist, YouTube has no choice but to recommend you. Less competition means more impressions per video, faster growth, faster monetization. You're not taking a risk on an unproven idea. You're taking a proven format and finding a new audience for it. Copying is a race with thousands. Bending is a lane with nobody. Same effort, completely different outcome. Psychology of cats became dogs, became babies. Kids yoga became pregnancy yoga, became yoga for seniors. Same formats, different roads. Every single one is profitable. So here's your move. Next time you see a viral niche, don't copy the channel, copy the format, then do a market swap. Format-first thinking. Market swap. Niche bending. That's the game. Here's what I want you to do. Drop the most saturated niche you're stuck in right now in the comments, and I'll reply with a bend for it. Personally, your niche, your market swap, from me to you. Want to see a niche bend in action? Let me know in the comments, and don't forget to subscribe. See you.

  Top Comments:
  1. @TheClipperz-8 [1 likes]: How to make space video using free tools
  2. @PleaseSubscrine [1 likes]: There is this shorts niche i think its called ranking but you add phonk and rank video other vs this
  3. @factualstaff [1 likes]: I need your book but I have no money to pay
  4. @savagesidehustler [1 likes]: Amazing how up until now you and others like you preached how to copy the channels that were "blowing" up (you and others were teaching us how to go to Chatgpt and make similar logos, copy the transcript and tell it to make it a similar one and blablabla) and how you guys make thousands of $, but now with the algo change you are telling us that the method is dead and it doesn't work and basically mock those who did it. 

Right, you also promoted Ai Slop - Yeti doing something, animals of all sorts doing whatever they were doing ... until Youtube said enough and started banning those channels. I think people should use AI to help them create something, not making mass content without giving a thought about the long term game. 

The solution is simple - find a unique angle, or come up with something fresh, think outside the box. What's sad is that those who watch your videos take for granted what you tell them (not that it's your fault) and go on and flood Youtube with crappy videos and then complain about not being monetised. More or less, channels like yours promoting this mindset of copying others led to Youtube's change in policies.

Anyways, keep up the good work. I know it's a lot of work in putting up a video.
  5. @SonicsTiles [1 likes]: Understand, publish vidoes more like this , thank you so much! Have good day !🎉🎉
  6. @SunnahSeekersPak [1 likes]: Despite having four monetized channels, I still understand this correctly. Thank you 🌹❤️... Can you tell me what things need to be noted down in the format?
  7. @MoneyMasteryhub.: 📚 100 Profitable YouTube Niches → https://moneymasteryhub05.gumroad.com/l/stzmls (code MMH saves you $5)
📱 Join the Telegram → https://t.me/MoneyMasteryhubYT
Drop your niche idea below — I'll tell you if it's bendable 👇
  8. @eezyCollab-Yiki: Hello, we have a project we'd like to cooperate with you on. Could you please check your email?
  9. @saddam.naeem23: if one channel get viral and getting views in english language and we change their topic or script style into another lanuage does it will work or not still we will get low or not get monetized
  10. @Hardpowerops: Horror storytelling 
And other channel is 
Horror investigator
  11. @EmperorJasper-s3c2o: Am into human psychology niche
  12. @edwardkuboh: I cooied a format from a psychology channel . That their scripting and visuals and tooic styles. I wajt to bend it to finance niche. But finannce is a saturated niche. Hiw can i do tjat please
  13. @BLOODLINELAND: I am into STORY TELLING NICHE, INHERITANCE AND ABANDONED AGE OUT OF FOSTER HOME
  14. @inferno60FPS: If we choose a topic that was previously done in Spanish, and we post it for a USA audience — and the topic is also  (engaging) — is this format good? Will it work? Will it get views?
The only thing we’re taking is the topic — everything else is original.

- I Monetized a Kids YouTube Channel in 5 Months... (From 0 to....$?): Kind: captions Language: en-US Hello, everyone! Welcome back to my channel, Jennifer Marie, where I teach you different&nbsp; ways to make money online and how to become a work from home freelancer. Excuse the noise in the background. It just started thundering and pouring rain as soon as I pressed record. But we're going to go ahead and record this video. So I have not been posting a&nbsp; lot in the past six months, maybe once a month or so. And there's a reason for that, because I have been experimenting. I decided to pour all of my heart and&nbsp; energy into a few different projects, because I wanted to see if it was possible for me to create and monetize more YouTube channels without promoting them whatsoever&nbsp; with my current audience. So if you've been following me for a while, you probably know I have two&nbsp; monetized YouTube channels, this one here, and my Sparkle English channel. So I wanted to try to see if I&nbsp; could break into other niches and start channels completely from scratch, including a kids channel, and see&nbsp; if I could get them monetized, how long it would take and&nbsp; how much I could get paid. So the truth is now it is easier&nbsp; than ever to create a YouTube channel and start pumping out content because of AI tools and how easy it is to use video editors. However, how much money can you make? This is what I wanted to know and figure out. Now, if you go on your phone and you go to YouTube and type in "make money kids channels," you will see so many promises, people saying, "make $10,000 a month with fairy tale AI videos," "$750 a day." Oh, how I wish that were true. I really wish that were true, but it is not true for the majority of people. You have to have hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of 1000s of views&nbsp; to make that kind of money. I'm going to get into showing&nbsp; you a screenshot of my revenue once I was able to monetize&nbsp; my kids YouTube channel. So in the past six to eight months, not only did I create a kids channel, I wanted to experiment in many different niches. All of these are faceless channels. I use my voice in two or three of them, but the rest are faceless and without my voice, or any voice. So I have one kids channel, I created one entertainment/games channel, one gaming channel, a music channel, an arts and crafts Channel, and a different kind of educational channel. I have been going a little crazy creating a lot of videos on&nbsp; these different channels. I did not tell friends and family about them. I didn't promote them anywhere. I didn't share them across&nbsp; my other YouTube channels. I wanted to see how quickly I could grow these, experimenting both with shorts&nbsp; and also long form videos to be able to give you guys some results. So today I will be focusing on the kids channel, but I was able to fully monetize the kids channel. The arts and crafts channel, I have over 20,000 watch hours, but I still need about 800 subscribers. It's only at around 200 subscribers. And then the education channel is monetized. It has passed the first round of monetization. So to be fully monetized with YouTube, you need 1000 subscribers and 4000 watch hours. And then there's a step before fully monetized, where you can accept Supers and Super Thanks and stuff like that. And that requires 500&nbsp; subscribers and 3000 watch hours. So my education channel has&nbsp; far surpassed the watch hours, but I still need 200 subscribers&nbsp; to reach 1000 subscribers, and then that channel will&nbsp; also be fully monetized. So essentially, in under six months, I was able to start and&nbsp; create two different channels which are monetized, one fully monetized, and one which slowly but surely&nbsp; is getting the subscriber count and then will be fully monetized as well. So let's go on to the kids&nbsp; channel and talk about money. So I have my computer monitor open because I want to go over&nbsp; some stats with you guys. On average, kids channels make&nbsp; less money than other niches, and that's because of the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act, which limits personalized advertising on content made for kids. So the amount of money you'll make per 1000 views on an adult channel or just&nbsp; a non-kids channel can vary. I mean, I can't tell you an exact amount, but let's say, for example, between $4 per 1000 views and $10. That might be a general average. Of course, some people make much more than that, and some much less. It can depend on your location, your audience location, and many other factors. So if our example range of&nbsp; an adult or non-kids channel is $4 to $10 per 1000 views, I asked ChatGPT what the average could be for a children's channel before I got monetized and found out what I would be earning. So you can see here that&nbsp; ChatGPT said the average CPM typically ranges from 25 cents to $5. Now that is CPM. So what does CPM mean? And what's the difference between CPM and RPM? So the CPM is what advertisers pay and the RPM is what you actually earn. So the RPM is what you will get&nbsp; after YouTube takes its cut. So I'm gonna give you some stats on my channel. Now I would love to show you the channel, but because I'm doing research here, I don't want a bunch of people who are not kids watching my channel, and that would mess up the results for me. I really want this to be organic, so you have to just trust me. Okay, so basically, I started&nbsp; this channel November 2024. That's when I created the channel name, and my first video I published in November. So I published quite a few&nbsp; videos that first few months, up until Christmas, and you can see that I don't have a lot of views in the beginning. Okay, so November, I was&nbsp; just experimenting, December, and then I created a video in December, and that one got a whole bunch of views. So that was exciting, because&nbsp; it hadn't happened previously. So I kept plugging along, posting more videos. And then again, in March, I had another one that got a bunch of views, which was exciting. And then after that, it kind of created some traction here, another one, you know, another one. And what I was doing, essentially, was the videos that were performing well, I was creating similar videos. Okay, so, you know, if you do a video about Minecraft, how to get a certain sword, I don't know. You know, do videos that are similar to that. Okay? So try to create similar videos to the ones that are performing well, because the algorithm is favoring that video. So you want to do ones that are similar, not identical, but similar. So I just kept uploading more and more videos, and the channel was growing really fast. So March 23, I had 136&nbsp; subscribers on the kids channel, and 20 videos total. And then I had just in one month later, April 23, I had 1140 subscribers, and I had 4000 watch hours, 4300 watch hours. So I went in one month from 136 to over 1000 subscribers. And the hours watched I had in March was 420 and bumped up to over 4000. So I applied for monetization&nbsp; near the end of April, and then at the end of April, April 29, I was fully monetized. It takes YouTube a little bit to catch up with the watch hours, so I&nbsp; had to wait a little bit. But yeah. And one thing I noticed about the kids channel, which has been a very unique experience for me, comparing with the adult channels or the non kids channels that I have is, if I go to traffic source, you can see that 82% of my traffic is basically from YouTube suggesting my videos. So that is something very new to me, because usually the majority of my traffic comes from YouTube search or external, but with these kids channels, they're suggesting or recommending them after other popular kids videos. So this is kind of like YouTube is helping me out a little bit, especially considering this&nbsp; is a small new channel. So this is really exciting, like you can see the bulk amount of my views is not from YouTube search, and so this is just giving&nbsp; some hope that smaller channels can actually get recommended by YouTube and pushed out with the algorithm. So I would not have built this channel as quickly and been able to monetize it as quickly if it weren't for YouTube recommending my videos to other to kids. Okay, so the moment we've all been waiting for... how much money can you make on a kids channel? So after talking to ChatGPT, I was really hoping that my average RPM or the CPM would be on the higher scale. They said between 25 cents up&nbsp; to $5 and sometimes even more. So I was crossing my fingers that I was gonna be at that&nbsp; $5 mark or higher even. So let's say from May 1 to May 6, 2025, I had 72,000 views. I mean, if you have been a YouTuber, you know it takes time, 72,000 views total, 917 watch hours, I mean, look at all these stats. These are great stats. I was hoping to make some&nbsp; good money here, something... The amount of money I made: $20.58. The CPM, 93 cents, and the RPM, 28 cents, I tell you, I think I screamed when I saw that. I couldn't believe it. I was shocked. It is so low. I knew it was going to be low, but, man, I really thought it was going to be on the&nbsp; higher end of that scale. I was really hoping it would be, the CPM would be closer to $5 because there's a big difference. I mean, man, 20 bucks, unbelievable. So when these YouTubers are telling you you could make, you know, $500 a day with the kids channel... How many views do you need to have to make that much money? Let's ask ChatGPT. Okay, so I've asked ChatGPT,&nbsp; and my math isn't great. So you can verify if you want. ChatGPT is saying that in order to make $500, I would need approximately 1.79 million views. So these YouTubers telling you you can make more than $500 a day... I don't know a whole lot of YouTubers who are getting over 1.78&nbsp; million views per day on YouTube, some maybe, but that is not the standard. Okay, so what have I learned from this? Well, I'm going to keep posting videos. I'm gonna spend a little less&nbsp; time on the kids channel, but it's growing fast. I mean, I just monetized it. This has only been for the first week. It grew really fast once it&nbsp; started gaining traction, and the fact that YouTube is showing it to kids like it's pushing it out in the algorithm with suggested videos instead of YouTube search, this is good. This means it will grow faster. So this is just sort of a&nbsp; reality check for everybody. If you are starting a kids channel, just know that it will be really low, because that's a thing with YouTube. Once you get monetized, then you'll find out how much&nbsp; money you're going to make. There's no other way to know. You can do research. You can look on Reddit. You can ask other people in their niche, but you really don't know how much advertisers are going to pay until, you know you're monetized. So there you go. Once I have the education one monetized, I can do a similar video, and you know, that's a non-kids channel, so I can see how much I'll be making from that. But yeah, so this is a little disappointing, but also, you know, I am hoping that I will be able to grow it quickly. But I wanted to give you guys a realistic picture of what it looks like as a YouTuber. Don't quit your day job is all I'm saying. Of course, there are other ways&nbsp; to monetize YouTube channels with sponsorships or affiliate links and so on and so forth, but purely based on AdSense revenue, it's quite low. It's very difficult to live on $4 a day. So this is something I'll&nbsp; be doing in my spare time. So I hope you guys enjoyed this video. It's a bit more different&nbsp; style than what I usually do. If you are interested in&nbsp; learning a little bit more about how I was able to grow my channel, what tools I used, and so on and so forth, let me know in the comments section, and I can do other videos similar to this and giving you a few more tips and tricks on growing your own YouTube channel. Thanks again for watching. Make sure to subscribe if you haven't already, and I'll see you in my next tutorial.

  Top Comments:
  1. @JenniferMarieVO [26 likes]: Quick Links:
00:20 - My 6 Month Experiment
01:00 - False Claims about Earnings
01:45 - My Stats for 6 New YT Channels
03:45 - Made for Kids VS Not Made for Kids
05:30 - How I Monetized My Kids Channel
09:00 - How Much I Earned (RPM & CPM)
10:30 - Final Thoughts
  2. @BubuBananakids [1 likes]: Thankyou for sharing this...
  3. @Joyloop_1 [1 likes]: Thank you for such a helpful informations!
  4. @TychoAndChowyAdventures [1 likes]: Thanks for sharing. I'm a small youtuber myself. Still working on making my channel monetized
  5. @Shozijuttoffical: Thank U for being honest I started from today
  6. @LumiKidsMusic: the first 100 subs I'm happy with in children's content :)
  7. @LearnwithMonty: I'm also a newbie and I was loosing a bit of hope but after watching this video, I'm determined to carry on. Thanks for the insite.
  8. @CartoonGolpoLand: Nice to find someone who is honest here
  9. @nakalyangosylivia-fi4ku: I started my channel 5 months ago, and I have 150 subscribers!!! We keep moving!
  10. @ANonymous-xj3pf: How are you creating the content for the kids channel? are you in the camera or scripted or chat gpt or what? did you do any warming up the account watching liking etc...
  11. @pictureperfect541: Hi, thank you for your tutorial—it was really helpful. I’ve created  videos using what I learned

I’d really appreciate your honest feedback!
  12. @Traveling_For_Events: ❤ hello fellow content creator. Just came across your channel.
  13. @kedutoon: Thank you for sharing
  14. @Ahanabanana-3: Very informative video!
  15. @lucianajohnson2520: How do you make a kids YouTube channel ❤ my daughter wants to do a YouTube channel 🎉
  16. @Rey698: Can i ask you how long the videos are? Are they on the shorter side or like 20-30 mins?
  17. @EggyKids: How did you make your videos cheaply?
  18. @Moormure: you are telling truth so i subscribed you, Love from India
  19. @simonevison6883: Interesting and great to see honesty and transparency. What's the latest on this kids channel? Have you done an update video?
  20. @RashikaSingh-z9k: Ia that shorts channel...??

- How to Increase Your YouTube Channel CPM/RPM (Guaranteed!): Kind: captions Language: en so in today's video we're answering the question how do you increase your CPM and RPM on YouTube if you're a content creator then this is probably a question that you have asked yourself because of course one of our big goals is to earn money for posting YouTube videos and most direct thing that impacts this is of course the CPM and RPM CPM stands for cost per Mill which is the amount of YouTube Revenue that comes in per 1,000 views and RPM is revenue per Mill which is the amount of Revenue that you personally get per 1,000 views that's basically after YouTube's cut so we'll go from boring to more exciting yeah basically your CPM and RPM it's depend on your audience your Niche geography and runtime so we will explore these four categories and dive into things that you guys can do right now to increase how much money you make from your YouTube channel okay number one is your audience these are the people that are actually watching your videos and this is extremely important because some channels they have a great audience and some they don't this is a little bit different than Niche which we will talk about after this essentially we want a highquality audience an audience that are basically loyal fans of your content and will actually interact with the videos that you put out there are tons and tons of channels out there with really lowquality audiences these are viewers that may watch your video but they don't care about you they don't care about what you really have to say and so as a result this actually really affects the advertisers advertisers basically bid on people's videos and if they see that bidding on your particular channel does not result in any conversions and they aren't going to bid high and hence your CPM and RPM it's going to be lower so really what we want to do is engage our audience encourage them to like comment share the video and then really build a personal connection with them if you can do this this will be one of the first things you guys can do to actually increase the amount of Revenue you get per 1,000 views okay the second thing is your Niche and this is extremely important because of course what advertisers are willing to pay depends on the niche of your channel so this is basically the subject of the videos that your channel puts out for example a gaming channel that just does screenplay of someone playing a game it's going to have a lot lower CPM and RPM than a channel that is focused on let's say business or Finance so one way to easily make more money from your channel is to sort of shift the type of content that you are making historically niches that do really really well on YouTube in terms of RPM and CPM are going to be Finance real estate estate cars beauty makeup business and health these industries have a lot of AD dollars being placed behind them and so as a result these companies can bid more on these types of views and your CPM and RPM is going to be a lot higher now the only downside with this is that getting these types of views is much much harder there are way fewer people that are actually interested in these niches so it's likely that if you go with these niches the amount of views you get is also going to go down if you go with a more General topic that is you know well liked by most people like food or gaming that should get more views but of course you will likely make less especially you look at how much money you're making per 1,000 views I'm a big fan of making Evergreen content in any Niche these are going to be videos that people can actually search up and find that's because these videos tend to do well for a long long time and should earn you a good amount of passive income in terms of your Niche it's also very important to choose a niche that is family friendly if it's family friendly that means it's Advertiser friendly and that means more advertisers can actually bid on your video there are tons and tons of topics that I will never do content about I don't even want to say them out loud because I feel like they will know that that's in this video so yeah definitely keep that in mind third is G geography so this is basically where your audience is now if you want your channel to make more money you need to cater to high RPM countries these are countries that have higher advertising dollars being spent and hence your CPM RPM they will go up so these are going to be english- speaking countries like the US Australia UK Canada and yeah if you're making content right now that is targeted at other countries you want an easy way to boost your RPM then this is going to be that English is the best language to make content in because it is you know understood by people all over the world so yeah if you're able to make content that's a at these countries then that's going to definitely increase how much money you can make to do this you'll make content that people in these countries actually care about and you'll avoid topics that other countries are more interested in so last is your runtime and it's a lot more complicated than just runtime so we will dive into this a lot more this is going to be the most important and probably interesting section of this video if you want an immediate boost in your RPM then the easiest thing in my opinion to do is to actually just make longer videos and I know making longer videos is hard because guys think about if you have like 2 or 3 minute videos YouTube can probably only show one or two ads in that video however if you have a video that's let's say 30 minutes long they should be able to show at least five or six ads that means that for each view the amount of ads being shown is going to go up and hence your CPM RPM that will go up as well I recommend everyone create videos that are over 8 minutes long that is the threshold to actually have ads in the middle of your videos that's very important and you'll see that longer videos have a way higher RPM and CPM than short videos for example let's take a look at this video that I made on my main channel it's been up for over 2 years and as you guys can see it's made about $36,000 in Revenue it's on 2.4 million views so one of my most viewed videos on my channel and if we come here to revenue you guys can see for this video since it is in like the business/ finance Niche we have a CPM of $38.92 which is extremely high and most of that is coming from skippable video ads now our RPM for this particular video is $14.92 that means that for every 1,000 views I am taking home $14.92 on average since this was uploaded so if we come here to monetization what you guys can see is is yes monetization is on that's definitely something you need and if you come to type of ads you'll see that we have display ads of course and we also have skippable video ads and non-skippable video ads enabled definitely want to have both of these turned on and in terms of the location of video ads since this video is 21 minutes long that's over the threshold of 8 minutes that allows us to actually put mid roll ads in this video so of course we have before video and after video check but we also have during video and if you actually click on manage mid rolles you guys can see we have an ad right here at 12 minutes in and then an ad at the very end now if I wanted to really optimize this to probably make more money I would probably add more ad placements it's not necessarily going to show an ad every single time you put an ad placement in it and another thing I recommend doing is put them actually before a very important part of the video that way people will actually wait and see the ad or skip it or whatever and not click out of it so you do want to avoid putting it in disruptive spots and prioritize putting it in spots that actually build anticipation something I really like doing is just clicking Place automatically and it's going to auto automatically place those mid rules for us YouTube's algorithm is really good they really know how to optimize for it so for most of my videos I just click Place automatically yeah if you want to actually add a manual ad break you'll come to a time stamp and you'll click Plus ad break right here and that's going to add it in another really important thing is retention so yes you can make longer videos but if these videos are really bad and boring people aren't actually going to watch all of it the recipe for a real winner video is a long long video with really high viewer retention that means that people are actually watching the whole video that means that they are spending more time on YouTube and hence more ads can actually be shown to them so what I recommend doing is Monitor The View retention so this graph right here it shows what percent of people are still watching at a certain time code if there's any big big dips in your content then for future videos you guys can actually avoid doing that or you can actually go into the editor and remove that portion of the video of course only do that if it still makes sense for the timeline of your video Yeah essentially the longer we can get people to watch the more minutes they can watch this video for the more money it's going to make I also recommend putting videos into different playlists based on the category or Niche that encourages people to actually binge watch and of course that increases the amount of time they spend watching your content anyways I hope you guys got some value from this video and hopefully you guys can Implement some of these tricks to increase the amount of money your channel makes per 1,000 views it's definitely exciting to see that RPM and CPM number go up now we talked about a lot of things that you guys can do right now to actually increase that number thank you guys so much for watching if you guys enjoyed the video make sure to hit that like button and also subscribe for more content just like this on this channel we do a ton of content helping you start and grow your business thank you so much and I'll see you in the next [Music] video

  Top Comments:
  1. @StartupWise [8 likes]: Hope you guys enjoy the video and get some value out of it!
Recommended tools to grow your YouTube channel:
Tubebuddy: https://startupwise.com/tubebuddy/
VidIQ: https://startupwise.com/vidiq/

Our favorite business must-haves:
💳 Best business credit cards:
https://startupwise.com/creditcards
🏦 Novo (best business bank):
https://startupwise.com/novo
🖥 Best AI website builder ($3/month using code STARTUPWISE):
https://startupwise.com/hostinger/
⚙ Northwest (best $39 LLC formation service):
https://startupwise.com/northwestLLC
🎃 Try Gusto and get a $100 gift card with our link:
https://startupwise.com/gusto
👨💼 Best overseas staffing agency (save 80% on payroll):
https://paired.so/startupwise
  2. @AmanKaranYT [1 likes]: Thanku
  3. @LiangHuBBB: the rpm for gaming videos is still around 1-2$ per 1k views its not much and youtube doesnt seem to increase it anytime soon
  4. @HappyEnglishInBurmeseMM: Thanks
  5. @zunnuarin: Thanks so much 
But You are too fast 😊
  6. @AdekoyaOluwaseyi-v9m: What’s the RPM for creating relaxation content. Pls make a video on that
  7. @KizyOliver: You enjoy the video thank you so much❤
  8. @frrohmann: Thanks coach
  9. @smartbusinessltd: 2:14 your simply repeating what’s in every other video nothing new
  10. @boominburner: Wonder what the sports niche rpm is
  11. @Trading-meta5: I earn from you tube my channel got monetised 4 months ago my third you tube payment will come in june as my rpm is 1.5 usd and cpm is 4 usd ...i upload trading content as well as gaming content my trading video content has much higher rpm but gaming low but i earn 120 to 150 usd in 2 months my first payment in march but my rpm increased in april and may and now i earning more..even my short video has 0.1 usd rpm..and longer videos near 2 dollar rpm hope i earn monthly 150 to 200 usd from june ...
  12. @bibleversesinspo: New YouTubers let's grow together
  13. @The_Stoic_Power: What did you just say ?
  14. @Pqtrick2: my rpm is $1 :(
  15. @jackedkerouac4414: What about a niche that appeals to both men and women? I have a crime channel and only 1% of my audience are women 😂
  16. @johnmejica: Very informative thank you!
  17. @nicholaspark4543: One quick question on making 1000 subs and 4000 views. Would views on shorts also count as the first 4000 views? Or only the regular videos are counted?
  18. @gentibici: I have a 13$ cpm but only 0,002$ rpm.. insane
  19. @Destiny14615: What softwares did you use to create this video? Are the additional footages AI generated or did you have to manually find them and create?
  20. @gbabgaming: I thought my screen was dirty, but he started moving and I realised it's just a mole

- YouTube Monetization: Are CPMs Dropping? What this Means for Creators & How You Can Adapt: Kind: captions Language: en hello this is Jack from teaching ESL online.com now today we're going to look at CPMs on YouTube and how this affects advertisers and also content creators now I've made a few videos where I've talked about how you can earn as an online creator looking at one-to-one consulting or one-to-one lessons if you're a language teacher selling online courses selling digital products affiliate income income from YouTube and income from YouTube is a hot topic at the moment because what a lot of publishers and content creators are seeing is a drop in CPMs now CPM means cost per mil and it's an advertising term which just basically explains the price of reaching a thousand people so if you're an advertiser let's say it normally costs you $10 to reach a thousand people so 10,000 people see your ad you pay $10 for that then you can think about the return you're going to get on that but we're not going to go into returns too much because this CPM is important for advertisers and creators for an advertiser they want a lower CPM for creators they want a higher CPM because the high the CPM the more revenue you can make as a creator now I've been watching my CPMs over the last few weeks and I've noticed that on both of my channels they have dropped by about 30% and I've done some research and a lot of craters are saying the same thing so they're seeing that the ad rates are going down which isn't good for creators especially those who have a business model which is solely focused on ad revenue now just take a little tangent because there are other ways that you can use YouTube to your advantage too and to bring in some income which are directly related to YouTube so you can turn on monitor monetization ads you can also create a subscription model through the YouTube platform you can have sponsored videos where advertisers will sponsor your video and you receive an income from that and then there's also other things like merchandise sales through the YouTube platform so ad revenue isn't the only way that content creators earn through YouTube directly but for most people it is the number one way that they earn through YouTube now just to give you a little bit of context my business model is not focused on YouTube ad revenue March I think was my greatest ever month mainly because a couple of high CPM videos I won't say went viral but got lots of views in March one was about how to use zoom and I created this video in 2015 and for obvious reasons in March a lot of people were searching how to using so I had a great month in March but still I'm seeing CPMs go down by 30% on both of my channels now the prediction that a lot of people are making is that they're going to drop between 30 and 35 percent from March until May or June I think that it's actually going to drop more than that and the reason why is a lot of advertisers are just pulling back on their campaigns they're pausing them they're reducing their ad spend and you can think this through in different types of situations so for example if you are a big travel company like a price comparison service you normally advertise on YouTube where you'll have ads to send people to your site everyone's pause that campaign now a big travel company isn't going to be spending lots of money because obviously no one's looking to travel at the moment and you can play this out through different types of industries now some are going to be spending more because they have an opportunity right now to make more business and a lot of this is through online sales if you just think about certain companies that are going to be fitting from the business activity going on right now but on the whole advertising seems to be down I'm seeing this across different channels I've done research and publishers are saying the same thing content raters are saying ad revenues are going down now if you are content greater and you're worried about this I'm thinking what should I do next then there are certain things that you can do and I think one of the important things here is just to realize that having your income based on one company which you don't own which can change their policies at any time which we've seen before through different companies like YouTube and Facebook where they change their ad policies that is risky and a lot of people they start out small earn some income on YouTube and then it turns into a complete new thing it goes to a stage where they never imagined and it's their new business model but we're seeing that this is risky and I've always thought about this in terms of my business where I've wanted to have different income streams but focus on the ones that I control the most so things like selling your own products having one-to-one consultancy and you can also think about this when you expand it out into marketing we're focusing on email as the number one way to talk to people is something I've done since 2013 so I've built up my social channels but I've used them in a way it's a build of mine email list now I have a guide on how to do email in the description so definitely check that out if you're looking to do more email marketing but back to the drop of CPM and what you can do to combat this well I think I've kind of answered some of it where by saying it's important that you think about creating different income streams so things like creating a digital product creating an online course consulting with people doing group lessons having some kind of subscription model where people pay you monthly for specific content although these things are going to lower your risk to things like what's happening right now with the CPMs and it's going to ensure that you have more control over the business model that you create so you're not relying on a third party platform for all of your income but I also think it might be time for you to double down on the content where if you see a drop in the cost per mil in the amount that you're going to receive from YouTube per thousand views then you can negate that or you can combat that through more views more content this is when you can double down with what you're doing with your marketing efforts trying to get more people onto YouTube and subscribing to you creating more videos so you get more views so this is a time when businesses are going to have to adapt to these changes very quickly and that's one of the key things here is that we're seeing just massive changes happen over just a few weeks whereas in the past things would slowly decline in you could adapt not as quickly and still get good results right now businesses are having to adapt very very quickly and this is only talking about online creators we're not even talking about other small businesses now another thing to consider as well is this is bad for content creators but it's good for advertisers so this is a time when advertisers can get lower rates and therefore a better return on their investment so this is a time to maybe consider advertising for your business so if you have consultancy if you have online courses if you have other things then consider doing this look into advertising now if you're new to advertising don't expect amazing results from your first campaign but this is something that you can build towards I'm looking at advertising again right now I do it every now and then where I'll run some ad campaigns have a look at the results turn them off and tracking is so important so I've actually just gone into my stats today had a look at my past campaigns and they've had a good return on investment so now I'm looking to expand on that and to advertise more and this is a way that you can use this to your advantage so instead of thinking about I'm not getting paid enough through content then you can start creating these other products and advertise for them and it's not just as simple as getting started and doing all that but it's a definitely a time to consider different sources of income and if you want to learn more about online courses email marketing want to run lessons then check out the description because I have some really good videos and resources for you and then I'd also like your input have you seen a drop in CPMs from your channels if you have channels and what are you doing to combat this so leave your comments below if you found this useful please like and share it and I'll speak to you soon bye bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @soundmoneyguy: Talk about being subject to someone else's platform, as an Amazon FBA book seller Amazon has eliminated the receiving of any shipments of books (and most other things) since this whole situation began. No shipments in, no sales unless you already had a huge inventory available for sale, which I don't.

- RPM YouTube tụt mạnh từ 2026? Nghị Định 342/2025/NĐ-CP ảnh hưởng thế nào đến youtuber Việt Nam: Kind: captions Language: en Hello everyone. Decree 342/ 2025/NDCP, officially effective from May 15, 2026, will create a major change in advertising revenue, content creation methods, and YouTube channel operating models targeting the Vietnamese market. If you don't prepare in advance, many channels will experience RPM drops. The video will get views, but the money will be very little or nonexistent. Content that is susceptible to ad restrictions or ad removal. Below is a frank analysis of the advantages and disadvantages, and how to adapt. The key point of Decree 342 of 2025 is something that content creators absolutely must understand. Firstly, the scope of application doesn't apply to everyone, but only to content aimed at viewers in Vietnam. YouTube will determine this based on the viewer's IP address, video language, topic, cultural context in Vietnam, and whether the account is from a Vietnamese country. International channels from the US, EU, or Global are not subject to this. The crucial change regarding hidden ads lies in Article 17, which stipulates that all ads, videos, and animations must have a skip button after a maximum of 5 seconds and viewers cannot be forced to watch the entire ad. The direct consequence for YouTube is that nonskip ads are almost completely restricted, or CPM drops significantly in the Vietnamese market, as viewers will skip ads early and we will receive lower payments. Therefore, a decline in RPM is certain, especially for short-form videos, entertainment content, or mass-market content with little commercial value. This will particularly affect 11 high-risk, sensitive industry sectors, including cosmetics, dietary supplements, medical drugs, healthcare services, infant formula, alcoholic beverages under 15% alcohol, and products that influence user behavior and health. The platform will have to remove the infringing ads within 24 hours, and YouTube will proactively downgrade or disable them beforehand for safety. And according to the 202 Advertising Act, it is mandatory to clearly label advertisements that include reviews, product placement, affiliate programs, and sales partnerships. It's mandatory to clearly label the video for viewers; otherwise, the video will be restricted from advertising, affecting the channel and potentially being flagged as misleading content. So what are the real advantages and disadvantages of this policy from a content creator's perspective? Firstly, in the short-term and medium-term negative impact, RPM will decrease significantly, especially for purely Vietnamese entertainment channels. The content of advertising reviews is easily scrutinized. YouTube will likely reduce ad display and prioritize legal safety over creator revenue. Regarding the long-term advantage for all those who know how to adapt. Firstly, with market cleansing, content that circumvents the law through disguised PR will find it difficult to survive. Creators who produce truly valuable content will stand out more. This presents an opportunity for educational channels, knowledge analysis platforms , and international content creators to reduce unfair competition and enhance their long-term credibility. So what should content creators do right now? First, we need to review the entire channel strategy. Ask yourself directly whether the channel is geared towards Vietnam or an international audience, and whether the subject matter can be adapted to an international format. And if your current RPM depends on YouTube or external sources like Asfilet selling products, there are three strategic approaches I think you should choose. Firstly, there is the direction towards internationalizing the channel. We can use English without too much Vietnamese cultural slang; for topics like games, entertainment, and general knowledge, high RPMs won't be significantly affected by Decree 342. The second approach is to reduce our dependence on affiliate marketing, meaning we increase transparent affiliate marketing to sell digital products and services, with affiliate marketing being secondary. The third approach is to focus on clean, high-value content. Avoid sensitive industry sectors that don't involve disguised PR. We clearly label that even with lower RPMs, the performance is stable and sustainable. Generally speaking, based on my years of experience on YouTube, whenever YouTube introduces a new rule, they always implement it sooner than the rule is enforced. And since internal policy algorithms usually test things out first, content creators who are slow to adapt will experience a surge in RPM and won't understand why views are increasing but earnings aren't. Therefore, don't wait until May 15, 2026, to make changes. This decree won't kill the creators, but it will kill the old channel model for those who rely on half-hearted advertising content or content that is 100% purely Vietnamese; they will be severely affected . Conversely, those who switch early will face fewer competitors, have a cleaner channel, and enjoy more stable and long-term income. The above is a comprehensive, practical, and easy-to-apply analysis of Decree 342 of 2025, focusing on the perspective of YouTube creators in Vietnam. If you have any questions or need clarification, please leave a comment below the video. If you find this video interesting and helpful, please give me a like and subscribe. Thank you very much . See you again in the next videos.

  Top Comments:
  1. @kienkhongngu-e1 [1 likes]: Hướng dẫn khai thuế YouTube mới đi ad
  2. @hoahongaong1503: Sợ
  3. @kienkhongngu-e1: Hướng dẫn khai thuế YouTube mới đi ad
  4. @ThanhHaiPhan-zt9se: Kênh Phim bản quyền thì sao bác
  5. @ThangTran-y3u: anh chia sẻ về nộp thuế Youtube đi anh, diện cá nhân kinh doanh ạ?

- MASSIVE YOUTUBE AD REVENUE DROP!!! - Ad Revenue on YouTube Has Declined Significantly!!!: Kind: captions Language: en with the recently released job report numbers from the labor department showing not only a decrease in unemployment but over 500 000 jobs added in January you would think that the U.S economy was going gangbusters and that everything was coming up roses but is it although many elected officials and those in positions of authority do not wish to discuss it most other signs indicate that the economy is already in a recession are as well on the way to one take an example of my little side hustle here on YouTube I myself am not a large Channel I'm a very small Channel I have just over 2 000 subscribers I've been making videos on a regular basis for about three years my channel is mostly a travel vlogging site for the most part with a few other things such as movie reviews and little tidbits about pop culture thrown in here or there that I just like to throw in but it's not a very large Channel there's a lot of channels out there doing what I do so my channel because of the type of content I do there's not a ton of AD Revenue involved however I was doing decent until about July of 2022 I had been gradually not only getting more views and more subscribers and more hours watched but my ad Revenue had been increasing as well to the point where I was making about two dollars a day on YouTube just through the ads but then after July of Last Summer the ad Revenue started to drop and over the past three months it has dropped significantly now I know after Christmas there tends to be a drop in Revenue that's typical however what is not typical is the huge amount of drop that I have seen this is not just because the Casual usual you know winter Fallout that happens you know until after about March or April when things start to speed up and pick up again no there is something else going into play here advertising Revenue across the board is being cut and every industry one of the surest signs of a recession is when the advertising budgets in all kinds of different Industries are cut the layoffs have happened and while other jobs might be created there doesn't seem to be anyone to fill those jobs so from my own personal experience from what I can see around me in my day-to-day life and in my own side hustle and even in my regular job I would say we are in a recession now it is a slightly different recession from what we have been in before historically but at this point history everything is different historically usual patterns that were true just three years ago are no longer true everything is topsy-turvy and so while there are other indicators such as the what the jobs report reflects that the economy is not in a recession make no mistake about it the recession is here now I'm curious for those out here watching and listening to this video do you make videos on YouTube have you seen a decrease in your ad Revenue has it been a significant decrease in your Revenue what are your thoughts let me know in the comments and as always thank you for watching until next time that's a wrap

  Top Comments:
  1. @jonparkmac [3 likes]: Most surely dropped in a non seasonal way. This time last year(s) $160 and now $60. Way more viewers, views and content. Clearly not a seasonal thing. I figure YouTube is taking more leaving us less. Almost not worth the effort now.
  2. @StevesRealWorld [2 likes]: We always get a drop in Jan/Feb. BUT THIS YEAR it about about a 50% drop and we add 3-4 videos every week.
  3. @SomeplaceOrAnother [2 likes]: They can fudge those job numbers to make it look better then it is and yes I’m having the same problem. I made more videos and less money.
  4. @roundedrob1483 [1 likes]: We know why everything is down. We know why everything is more expensive. Things were great between 2016 and 2020.
  5. @GameDeveloperTraining [1 likes]: Unfortunately this happens a lot. About 2 - 3 years ago I had about half as many monthly views as I currently do but was making four times as much ad revenue. It's now at the point where I'm actually considering quitting YouTube because the amount of hours I put in just isn't worth the return. If you dare to ask YouTube about it, all you get is a scripted response about "There are many factors which affect ad revenue and we cannot discuss specific cases" which translated means "We know exactly what's going on but aren't going to tell you"
  6. @DIYDaveOK [1 likes]: I have a very small YT channel, and the small amount of revenue it generates dropped about 40% in January. I assumed it was because I don't really do many Shorts and that's where YT is trying to force people. I can't stand them.
  7. @PrimeTimeTravelers [1 likes]: Yeah vlogs grow over time during a calendar year for sure.  We actually just had our most profitable month in January 2023.  And a great start so far in 2023.  Mostly thanks to Brightline vlog that has blown up in last 6 weeks and is over 12K views!  Hopefully it bounces back for all of us!
  8. @gregsvlogshow [1 likes]: January is bad all around and has always been historically the slowest month. I've already seen and increase at the beginning of February, let's just hope for the best outcome.
  9. @SantosChronicles [1 likes]: I agree.  I have seen the same thing but figured it was because of the season.

- How to Increase YouTube Shorts RPM (Full Guide 2026): Kind: captions Language: en In this video, I'm going to be giving you the full guide on how to increase your YouTube Shorts RPM. And I'm not just saying that. I've actually already done it because here are just some of the channels that I've ran. And here's how much money those channels have made from YouTube Shorts. And that's even how I got this, not to uh flex on you guys. But let's start with one of my own channels to explain to you how YouTube Shorts RPM is actually calculated. So, this is my channel right here called Fly Juggler. I happen to be really good at juggling. So, I posted juggling videos on the internet and that's a way that I make money now. But if I sort my shorts by popular, you can see that I have some shorts with 18 million views, some with 14, 13, 11, 8 million views. I mean, some of my shorts have gone 100% viral on YouTube. So, how much does this actually pay? Well, let's start by looking at shorts, sorting by our videos that have the most views, and let's go to this video that has 18 million views. If I click on analytics, we can see that 18 million views equated to $1,345. And if we go to revenue, you can see that this made 8 cents per thousand views. But that's actually not how much YouTube Shorts normally pays. Because if we go to one of my videos that was recorded more recently, this one, this one's called How to Trick People into Making Them Think You Can Juggle, where I just actually showed people the real way to juggle. This one off of 13.5 million views made $1,954, which this is more representative of how much money I actually make per,000 views on YouTube. And you can see 13.5 million views led to around $1,900, which equated to a 25cent RPM per engaged view. Now, all you need to know is that an engaged view is basically the percentage of people who watch your videos that didn't immediately swipe away. You can see this by going to engagement and looking at your state of watch rate versus your swipeway rate. And so this means 67 67% of the views on my channel actually stayed to watch and those would count as engaged views. So from 13.9 million views, 67% of that ended up being 7.8 million people and equated to a 25cent RPM. Now just so you guys know, I actually have all of this information on how monetization works on every single platform in the description. So if you want to unlock that, I'll send it to your email. Just check the description on that and you'll get it. But after looking at my videos, I can now use this to show you guys how YouTube Shorts actually works. So, basically, to get accepted into the YouTube Shorts monetization program, you need at least 10 million engaged Shorts views in the past 90 days, and you need at least 1,000 subscribers. If you don't hit both of those requirements, you won't be monetized on YouTube unless you were able to get monetized through your long form videos, which I have another video coming out on how long form monetization works. So, make sure to subscribe now if you want to see that. But these are the minimum requirements that you have to hit. And then some of the technical requirements include following some of YouTube's policies, being in a country where they accept payments and then enabling two-step verification on your account. That's pretty easy. Once you get in, this is really interesting. The only thing that actually affects how much money you make per thousand views on YouTube Shorts is where the majority of your audience is actually located from. So you can see here we listed the average RPM at 10 cents per thousand views to 25 cents per thousand views, but it can actually really be as low as 1 cent per thousand views depending on where your audience is from. And I've actually seen this from other people on YouTube. But you guys saw I have a 25cent RPM on my recent videos. And the simple reason behind that is because if we go to my audience and we scroll down, we can see that on shorts, the top demographic for my channel by far is the United States, which is the highest RPM country. Then India is lower. So, I would probably make more money if I had all this 10% from India coming from the United States. And then we have other English-speaking countries like the United Kingdom, Canada, and Germany, like the United Kingdom and Canada. And then we also have a non-English-speaking country, but a still welloff country like Germany. These countries have higher advertising value, which is why you make more money per thousand views when you're getting views from these countries. And actually, the only other thing that can affect it is what quarter it is. Advertisers are willing to pay more for ads in quarter 4 because this includes more of the holiday seasons like Halloween and Christmas and New Year's and people buy a lot more stuff around these times. So since advertisers are paying more and you're getting a share of the ad revenue as a YouTube Shorts creator, you end up making more money in these quarters than quarter 1, quarter 2, or quarter 3. Now I want you to notice what's interesting here. And you can even see this if you go to YouTube Shorts monetization policy, which I'll leave in the description if you guys want to see this, but basically shows how it works. And I'll let you guys watch this on your own time if you want, but basically the reason that niche doesn't matter is because as you can see here, they look at all the ads that were played in a single month and they pull this into one ginormous pool. One for creators, one for musicians. And then they basically split that based on your share of total views among shorts creators. So it doesn't matter what niche you're in because you're just getting paid based on your share of the total views of all the shorts creators that got views that month per each country. So, now that we saw how much YouTube Shorts actually paid for me, how monetization actually works on YouTube Shorts, we can now use that to take advantage of the rules and make the most money possible for ourselves. And by the way, at the end, I'm even going to be showing a bonus for you to be able to make even more money than the YouTube Shorts RPM alone would allow. So, make sure you stick around for that. But yeah, given how YouTube Shorts policies work, the only way to actually directly increase your RPM is to, drum roll please, get more people from richer countries to watch your videos. I know that sounds basic, but that's literally the only thing you can do to change your RPM. I guess also you could post more videos during quarter 4 since quarter 4 tends to pay more money, but presumably you're going to be posting videos throughout the year anyways. Just know that you can go a little harder during quarter 4 cuz you'll get more bang for your buck during those months. If you're curious, well, how do I actually target people from the right country? Well, you actually just make your videos for that country. Like, for example, a lot of people make content that doesn't have any voice over. This can be good because it means that a lot more people can watch your video and understand it, but it also can be bad because it means that per thousand views that you get, you won't be able to make as much money since a lot of them are probably going to be from poorer countries that won't pay well per,000 views that you get. This is actually a big part of the reason that this video that I showed you guys only had an 8- cent RPM instead of a 25-cent RPM. Because if we go to the audience, we can see that this video didn't have any talking. It just had a little bit of text in English which even if you don't speak English you can still kind of understand what's going on which caused the majority audience for this video to be from India and lowered the RPM versus the videos that I post now include me actually speaking in the video much more which means that the videos might have a lower view threshold but make way more money per thousand views that I get. You can see now the US is by far my highest watched country. So what's cool is it doesn't matter at all the gender breakdown. It doesn't matter at all the age breakdown. And it doesn't even matter at all what niche you make your videos in. All that matters is audience location and you target that by making your videos for a specific country. Like for example, you include a lot of English in your videos and you make it only understandable to people who speak English. So only people from English-speaking countries which pay you more per thousand views will engage with your video and you'll make more money from those countries. But before you leave, I have one final bonus to show you guys on how you can actually make more money past the YouTube Shorts RPM. And the method is to actually diversify. If you're just posting your content on YouTube shorts, you're making way less money than you should because there's plenty of other platforms, all of which are included in the guide, by the way, link in the description to this, that pay you per thousand views that you get. And so, this is a hack that I'm about to let you in on because it takes you no extra time and you can make way more money. Just to show you, here are some screenshots from how much money I made from Tik Tok recently. But just so you can try this out, I'll leave the link to repurpose in the description because this is super easy. All you have to do is click login with Google. It's 100% free to start and what it lets you do is connect your main social media platform to every single other platform. Let's say you mainly post your shorts on YouTube. You can have these shorts also automatically posting to Tik Tok, Snapchat, Pinterest X, Facebook threads. I mean, literally everything that you want. I have mine going from Instagram to every single other platform. Since I post from Instagram as my main platform, it also automatically goes up on Facebook and threads, which can also make you guys extra money. So, if you do this, instead of making like 25 cents per thousand views, you can make much closer to a dollar or more per thousand views because you're getting paid across multiple platforms instead of just one. So, I highly recommend that. And then also, if you do integrations or sponsorships in your videos, you can make even more money per thousand views. It just won't be from ad revenue. That's a whole video for another topic. So, I'm not going to be talking about how sponsorships work or how affiliate deals work in this video. I do love talking about that stuff, but not for this video. And yeah, that's essentially how YouTube Shorts RPM works. And again, if you want to see exactly how monetization works across all different platforms, this cheat sheet will be in the description. And if you appreciate these videos and want to join our over 23,000 person community, all focused on making money online, the link to the Discord will be in the description. It's actually crazy how fast this has grown. So, as always, thank you guys all so much for watching the video. I'll catch you all on the next one. and

  Top Comments:
  1. @ThomasClips-u3j [8 likes]: I watched bro grow beard 😂❤
  2. @moneymindnews [1 likes]: 📍 Try Repurpose for free: https://repurpose.io/?fpr=524355&fp_sid=htiytrpm
  3. @Virtual_AI_Hub [1 likes]: Just don't use copyrighted song in your short
  4. @Nik_1811 [1 likes]: hey man could you please share the cheat sheet
  5. @SelfCapture-1 [1 likes]: I've just started, and I hope your video popping on my feed means I might benefit your advice in the future 🎉❤
  6. @PlutoPlay-r4w: Best knowledge video😊
  7. @YTShor7y: very informative! Thank you
  8. @Cozyinmypyjamass: Wait, so one need 10M engaged views instead of total views to get monetized?
  9. @Riham246: İm 0.01 rpm 😂😂
  10. @hellenailsv: I have a video with 0.01$ rpm 😢 and the others 0.05 😫
  11. @TheLazyAIGuyyyy: your vid helps a lot👍👍
  12. @ainulansari171: Nice
  13. @hjnhh8ftt: very well said
  14. @PhazonBlaxor: My latest short is 40s long, it has 69% stayed to watch and 130% retention, got stuck at 2.4k views. 🫠 My average retention is like 85% but I'm not getting pushed even to tier 2 tests. Any idea why? Or is my channel still too new? I've only posted 28 shorts and I'm definitely in channel-wide explore phase still.
  15. @leakyjuicebox: Can you do a video on shorts sponsorships and music deals?
  16. @TheEvidenceLab: Let's go 🎉
  17. @Dz11Comps: Amazing
  18. @Geniusheal: Dear small youtubers, let’s get big in 2026!
  19. @VellaAbdullah72: Goodg❤❤❤
  20. @VellaAbdullah72: 🇵🇰🇵🇰🇵🇰🇵🇰

- 5 Proven HIGH CPM YouTube Niches in 2026: Kind: captions Language: en YouTube is unfair this is what someone who doesn't know how to pck the right Niche will always say because after growing four channels each to over 100,000 subscribers and making over $1.3 million from just the YouTube ad Revenue I have realized this one thing you can put the same amount of time and effort into two videos they might even get the same number of views but one video could make you thousands of dollars while video two barely makes 10 or 20 bucks all because video One Target targeted the right Niche the niche you pick can literally make or break your YouTube channel and so in this video I'll show you exactly what to consider when choosing a niche four profitable niches that can make you thousands of dollars per month if you execute well plus I'll reveal the little known strategy to make a ton of money from YouTube even if you're in a low CPM Niche like gaming or Vlogs all right so picking the right Niche comes down to one key factor CPM CPM or cost per Mill is how much advertizers are willing to pay to reach your audience for example an audience of 40y old Real Estate Investors has way more buying power than a bunch of little timmies interested in Minecraft and that's why niches like investing real estate and crypto tend to have high cpms because the people watching those videos are more likely to invest in things like courses coaching softwares and other services that advertisers want to promote similar similarly if most of your audience comes from countries like the USA Canada and the UK you are likely to earn more because the buying power in these regions is much higher compared to other developing countries and so A good rule of thumb when picking a niche is to see if it falls under one of these fre Evergreen markets health wealth and relationships these niches usually have high cpms because they address fundamental human needs meaning there's always a big engaged audience for these topics but hey even if your Niche doesn't fit into any of these categories don't worry because later in this video I'll show you a simple strategy to make thousands of dollars a month no matter which Niche you are in and so with that said let's talk about the first High CPM Niche on our list coding tutorials the CPM in this Niche is insanely High because advertisers have a huge unfair Advantage you see unlike some niches where you sell a product once and that's it in the coding and software Niche advertisers typically promote products that generate monthly recurring revenue and so with mrr you can get a customer to buy once and then keep paying you every single month from there on the CPM on these videos can go anywhere between $40 upwards to even $100 for example let's take a look at this channel JavaScript Mastery that has nearly a million subscribers and gets around 2 million views per month if we estimate the RPM so the Revenue per Mill which is how much they actually get to keep per 1,000 views to be around $40 that means that this channel could be roughly earning $80,000 a month from AdSense alone now if you click on one of their videos you often see ads from companies like hostinger which is a website hosting provider on his videos which aligns perfectly with his audience but it is not just software companies coding boot camps online course platforms like UD meia skillshare and even Tech Career Services all advertise on these types of videos these viewers are more likely to invest in courses coaching and software to improve their skills and get higher paying jobs and on one of my faceless YouTube channels I actually have a video very similar to this Niche and so what you can see here is that for $779,000 views I was actually paid close to $334,000 which is absolutely insane if I filter this on since upload it you can see that in January 2021 this video just went absolutely crazy and from there on it just continued to make a couple bucks every single day so if I go to the revenue the RPM on my video here which is how much I make per 1,000 views is $43 and so a lot of people now say that I put this into any of the other currencies for example this dollar right there but if I were to do that you could see that the revenue on that video is $230,000 and the RPM would be $290 5 all right so for all you skeptical people out there let me just put this back into USD and you'll see the number change accurately again however there's one small challenge within this Niche that Niche number four on our list completely sols we'll discuss that later in the video of course but for now let's move on to Niche number two which is credit cards if you're not a tax Savvy person and you're more interested in finance then this Niche is perfect for you the CPM in the credit card Niche can range anywhere from 20 up to $50 per video making it a very lucrative Niche the audience for credit card content is usually people looking to maximize their rewards cash back or travel points advertisers in this Niche include big names like American Express Chase and Capital One but hey it's not just credit card companies affiliate programs financial institutions travel Brands and luxury companies also want to reach this audience if we take a look at the channel ask happy his channel has racked up over 600,000 views in the last 30 days so if we assume he gets paid $20 on the low end for that amount of views that means he would already make $122,000 from just the at Revenue alone from his videos and that doesn't even factor in the affiliate commissions or sponsorships he likely earns from promoting credit card signups and that's a very very lucrative thing because the credit card industry is valued in 2023 at $559 billion yes with a B but let me ask you this are you the type who loves high risk High reward Ventures if so then this next Niche might be right up your alley I'm pretty sure we've all seen the documentary style videos from channels like Magnus media and Wella to tell the stories of successful businesses and famous figures there are usually three types of people who watch these kind of videos people interested in making money online looking for inspiration and motivation to get rich video editors who want to learn the techniques used in these videos or people who got bored of watching too many Mr be's videos and they just want to try something different now while the F group isn't as valuable to advertisers the first two are prime audiences for example video editors are a key Target for companies like nid and story blocks which often advertise a Magnus media because editors are always looking for tools and stock footage to help them create better videos but it doesn't stop at video editing companies you'll also find ads from coding boot camps make money online gurus and financial coaches promoting their courses on these videos that's because this audience is full of people actively trying to improve their skills and income and so with over 2 million views in the last month even with an RPM on $10 on the low end Magnus media would have earned over $20,000 from the at Revenue alone now I also mentioned that this is high risk if we take a look at what Mak makes these videos stand out you can figure out that this is the top quality editing on these videos and so to compete in this Niche and stand out you'll need to invest in good video editing software or hire a skilled editor who can help you create content that meets the high standards in this Niche another similar highrisk High reward Niche is political documentaries especially ones focused on the US Politics the audience for these videos tends to be older often in their mid-30s to 40s which gives them more buying power than the typical average viewer on YouTube and leads to a higher CPM however politics is a sensitive topic and so your videos might get demonetized or even your channel can get banned so once again high risk High reward the next Niche on my list is one that's been around for years and has only gotten stronger over time and this is digital marketing advertisers in this space typically include softwares like go high level website Builders like wig and other marketing agency owners promoting their courses or coaching programs let's take a look at Adam For example his channel has over 400,000 subscribers but his latest videos only get around 3 to 5,000 views and so at first glance you might think his channel is slowing down but in the last 30 days the channel has pulled in over 400,000 views his channel has likely earned between 12 up to $20,000 from AdSense alone with only 400,000 views use and once again I'm not really making these numbers up here because I actually have a channel myself which you can see right here which if we take these stats for the last 365 days and I go to revenue you can see that for every th000 views I earned $18.80 and so that's not $30 just yet but this channel is not exactly the same but it has a couple videos which are for example this video right here is paying me a ridiculous amount of money $ per 1,000 views and this video is about a project management tool which you might need when you start your digital marketing agency and so with just about 100 views per day this video sometimes makes $15 $12 $9 and the list goes on and on basically every day is generating some good money but even if your channel isn't in one of these high CPM niches or you found a fantastic idea that doesn't fit with what I just told you about there's a simple strategy to make thousands of dollars per month on YouTube but in general just boo your CPM let's say you have a gaming channel focused on Minecraft a lot of videos in this Niche tend to be short they often just provide quick dopamine hits instead of giving viewers a reason to stick around for a very long time because of that viewers might watch one of your videos for a couple minutes and then jump to another one because they don't really feel there anything else is going to happen however if you create longer videos and structure them as a recurring series on your channel that will build a relationship with your audience and so because you're making these extremely long videos that sometimes are even longer than 1 hour you will see the amount of money you make per 1,000 views go up big time the great example of someone that knows this is James mcyt he creates longer Minecraft videos that last around 30 minutes and sometimes even 2 to 3 hours and that format allows him to play 10 times more ads compared to the typical Minecraft YouTube video or Channel and so you can apply this format in any Niche and I recently tried and confirm this myself so this video right here is one of my videos which is about 9 minutes long and so there's only a couple of ads in this video because of that my RPM for this video is $4 then what I did I took the exact same video topic however I made the video three times longer this video is 32 minutes and so I put three times more ad breaks in this video and if we go to the RPM for this video you'll see that the RPM is $914 and so I doubled my RPM the amount I keep per 1,000 views just by making an extremely longer video while keeping the exact same video topic and so making long form content is just one of the ways to increase your ad Revenue even in a low CPM Niche and if you'd like to see five more strategies to increase your CPM just like I did on my recent video click on the video up on the screen right now where I'll explain to you thep format I'll see you there

  Top Comments:
  1. @Kals-h5y [68 likes]: Already dreaming of how 2025 will be,thankyou for this information
  2. @estrefra6681 [17 likes]: I would choose to create content about investments, many people seek to learn about these topics and it seems to be very profitable. Thanks for explaining it, I will try to implement your recommendations 🤑
  3. @Jonathan20240 [14 likes]: As always you're the best content creator. Keep it up
  4. @maxmumudhama9638 [8 likes]: i like the way you explain CPM in detail
  5. @mufthiahmed42 [6 likes]: nice trick buddy
  6. @samtoolguides [3 likes]: I want to make animal content; do you know how much the CPM is?
  7. @BibleInspirationTV [3 likes]: You are good sir
  8. @basicsofmathematics4267 [3 likes]: I can't wait to apply these strategies
  9. @PeterDexter-g1d [3 likes]: Thank you so much ❤ it really helps me . Your Every single video
  10. @SandraLeouis [3 likes]: How about games? can't it be great niche along side with the other niches you have mentioned, cuz somehow it is not esay to go with a niche like investments if you don't know nothing about it. I hope you keep providing us with great advaces like you always do
  11. @Anushapathmini-dgh [3 likes]: 😍😍😍
  12. @briansilas2 [3 likes]: Amazing 😍
  13. @ranithapaman-zl9gg [3 likes]: Great video 🎉 Thank you ! ❤
  14. @AchinthaNlee [3 likes]: Great explanation 👌🏻
  15. @ronaldbautizta3340 [2 likes]: THANK YOU FOR THIS BROO
  16. @jawadkhan9079 [2 likes]: Sir plz reply my question plz plz plz

My question is can i make documentary vides through whiteboard animation?
  17. @jonisadan [2 likes]: Well explained, generating 0 doubts.
  18. @Islamicsociety-is [2 likes]: Thanks❤
  19. @Emilypotion [1 likes]: Thank you very much for the wonderful information. I just started YouTube a few days ago. I have no sponsors or experience, and I want to share my experience and research in the field of medicinal plants, herbal medicines, and herbal teas for free.
  20. @endlessdreamkitchen [1 likes]: 👏👏👏👏👍👍💙💙💙💙

- 5 Faceless YouTube Niches Paying the HIGHEST CPM in 2026!: Kind: captions Language: en Choosing the wrong niche on YouTube can be a costly mistake, while picking the right one can make all the difference. For example, this video with 1 million views only earned $500, [snorts] while another video with 355,000 views made nearly the same amount. Even more surprising, there's a video with just $81,000 views that has already made $711. And if it reaches 1 million views, it's on track to make over $8,700. That's 18 times more money than the first video with the same view count. So why such a big gap? It all comes down to the video topic or niches. If you're just starting out on YouTube, this might feel unfair. You're putting in the same effort, getting similar views, but someone else is earning 18 times as much. Today I'm breaking down exactly how this happens and more importantly how you can earn more by focusing on the right niches. Let's start with the basis. CPM or cost per meal is how much advertisers pay for every 1,000 impressions on an ad. The more valuable your audience is to advertisers, the more they are willing to pay to get their attentions and that's how you earn a higher CP. For example, if you upload a video about pranking your friend or random horror clips, advertisers won't be lining up to place ads on their content because there's no clear product to sell. But if your video is about investing, like how to make money in stocks or currency, advertisers sees a golden opportunity. They know this audience is ready to spend and might have money to invest. Because of that, they'll pay a premium prices to advertise on finance related content. Since we are talking about this, let's start with the finance and investing niche, which is also the top niche out of the five. In this finance and investing space, YouTube CPM rates are some of the highest across all categories due to lucrative nature of the audience. Advertisers in this space typically pay more to rich individuals interested in financial products, investing services, banking or wealth management. In this niche, CPMs typically range from 30 to 50 depending on your audience demographics, engagement, and content type. content targeting high netw worth individuals or offering investment advice often see the highest rates especially if their audience is in North America or Europe. Now these numbers might sound unbelievable if you're hearing them for the first time but let me explain why these make sense. Financial companies generate recurring revenue from their customers. Once they bring someone in, that customer could pay monthly fees or invest in long-term products, creating high lifetime value. So, companies are willing to spend more on acquiring those customers. Plus, the competition among financial advertisers pushes CPMs even higher. Now, let's analyze this channel. Practical wisdom. This video generated 431,000 views. And with a CPM of $30 per 1,000 views, it's making 12,630 from ads revenue alone. Based on their latest video, a rough estimate suggest that if we add up all seven videos from the past week, we are getting around $18,000 views weekly, which translate to approximately $550 per week. But if we add up all the videos they have uploaded and the views generated over one full month, which I've calculated to be about 145,000 views, this channel is conservatively earning around $4,353 monthly. And that's just the baseline. As these videos will keep accumulating views over time. To further prove the point, let's click on their videos to check the types of ads that appear. As expected is an ad from Financial Growth Consultancy Company promoting a wealth building strategy course. This ad didn't appear by chance. The company is paying a premium to reach this targeted audience. Next up is the make money online niche, a space filled with endless possibilities for revenue. Channels in this space like Cashro post videos about side hustles and online businesses pulling in nearly 1.4 4 million views in a single month. With CPMs between 25 and 50, they are making at least 36,400 from revenue alone. And that's just the start. What makes this niche even more profitable is the potential to stack multiple income streams. Amazon affiliate links, drop shipping products, and selling your own courses can all add up to serious earnings. Viewers in this niche are looking for ways to start their own businesses. So advertisers target these viewers for online tools, software subscriptions, or coaching services knowing there's real money to be made. If you start making content in this industry, combining this income streams can lead to serious earnings. The tech niche is another gold mine with CPMs offer reaching $15 to $30 per 1,000 views. Because tag isn't just cool, it's expensive. Think about it. Advertisers know that someone watching a video about the latest gadgets, innovative software, or home tech isn't just with the shopping. They are often on the verge of buying. Channels like you tech have turned this into a profitable venture, posting videos like 15 coolest gadgets for men and wrecking up millions of views. The beauty of the tech niche is its long-term earning potential. People are always looking for new gadgets or software. So even older videos can keep earning views and revenues for months or even years. Now let's take a journey with the travel and food niche. Literally, it's one of the most universal and evergreen categories on YouTube. Whether [snorts] someone's planning their next adventure or indulging in wonder, travel videos are always in demand. Here's the key. You don't need millions of views to earn a substantial income in this niche. While some videos like the Tokyo walking tour by 4K World Waterings to rack up millions of views, over 3.3 million in this case, it's not just the view count that matters. What really drives the earnings is the audience purchasing power. Advertisers know that viewers of travel content often have disposable income, making them prime target for ads from luxury hotels, airlines, or travel gear companies. CPM in this niche typically range from $10 to $30. And for luxury travel content, rates can be even higher. Plus, travel videos often have longer run times, meaning more opportunities for ad placements, which boosts your earning. And if you're traveling, you can monetize beyond ads through brand sponsorships, affiliate links, for travel gears, and even selling digital products like travel guides. With so many ways to generate income, this niche become a multi-layered revenue stream. So if you have got to travel bug and a camera, this niche is calling your net. Lastly, let's break a sweat with the fitness dish. And don't let the dumbbells fool you. There's serious money to be made here. Channels like Body Hop have transformed the space by offering everything from quick workouts to in-depth bodybuilding tips, pulling in hundreds of thousands of views. What makes this niche so profitable is the audience. Viewers watching fitness videos are laser focused on improving their health and they are ready to spend on supplements gear or online coaching to help them get there. With CPMs ranging from $10 to $20, fitness channels can earn well even with fewer views. And just like in the tech niche, fitness videos are evergreen. A great workout routine never goes out of style, meaning your content continues to earn views and revenue long after it's uploaded. And the best part is after someone finds a workout delight, they tend to stick with it for weeks, leading to consistent engagement and steady growth. So what's the big takeaway here? Choosing the right niche on YouTube isn't just about what you're passionate about. It's about understanding the earning potential behind the content you're creating. From finance and tech to travel and fitness, each niche comes with its own unique opportunities to maximize your revenue. Ultimately, it's not just about chasing high CPM. It's about finding a niche that excites you, aligns with your passion, and delivers real value to advertisers. That's the winning combination for growing your channel and staying motivated for the long

  Top Comments:
  1. @10xYouTubeStrategy [3 likes]: Good job girl 🎉❤keep it up
  2. @marian.the.reader [3 likes]: Subscribed because I love supporting small channels! ❤
  3. @ismailzerouali3527 [2 likes]: what about travel niches
  4. @joeltan7053 [2 likes]: Small channel but huge amount of informations you shared . Great content👏 keep going girl. May God bless your channel abundantly by letting more people to know and view.
  5. @MC_GAPPLLEE [2 likes]: You definitely have what it takes to be a full-time Youtuber. The thumbnail pulled me in right away.
The only thing holding the videos back, is polish, calm background music, softer sound effects, and slower animations would make everything feel much smoother.
I’m a professional editor, and I’d be happy to edit one video for you for free just to show how much your content can level up. If you’re interested, let me know!
  6. @AIVisualBlend [1 likes]: Good video, keep it up!

- The 7 Most Profitable Niches on YouTube: Kind: captions Language: en but there was some research done by a creator that discovered seven niches that make the most money and here they are Health business investing auto reviews real estate insurance and online marketing and this data was collected by studying cpms in different niches across Russia the U.S Canada the UK Germany Australia and India so global deep dive study what are the highest cpms health business investing auto marketing so what are the most profitable topics on YouTube now if you were trying to financially position your channel to have the greatest Advantage it would be smart to pick a high-paying industry not just for CPM perhaps but because of brand deal sponsorships and other opportunities it doesn't mean however though that you'd have to be in one of those seven I think you understand that but it could also speak to the financial upside or lack of upside at least in terms of how much you're going to make from ad Revenue so one of the questions that you should be thinking is how much is how much are businesses willing to pay to advertise to this demographic if you think about it if it's auto reviews someone's actually going to buy a car and if it was a loan product of some kind perhaps or if it was Insurance of of something like that like these that'd be a lucrative audience to advertise in front of it might be harder to sell Auto Insurance on a Minecraft playthrough video so again that's the thinking we want to develop

  Top Comments:
  1. @ThinkMediaPodcast [20 likes]: Watch the FULL EPISODE here 👉https://youtu.be/DeqIfUSeupk
📈 Want to break through on YouTube? Join our FREE 3-Day YouTube Growth Sprint for the ultimate plan to start getting views and grow your channel fast! ➡ http://YTSprint.com/
  2. @YTStoleMyUsername [3 likes]: You just read the names off real fast without much explanation. Not really the type of video I was looking for unfortunately.
  3. @AttaSmart [2 likes]: Wow, this really hit me hard 😮… I recently made a mistake after uploading a video that almost killed my growth, and it opened my eyes to how fragile success on YouTube can be. It’s crazy how the right niche can blow you up fast, but just one wrong move after uploading can quietly hold you back for months. I literally shared the 4 things every creator should NEVER do after uploading, because most of us are guilty without even realizing it. This video + what I just experienced feels like the perfect survival guide for small creators 💯🙏
  4. @HowToMake-Steps [1 likes]: Thank you.
  5. @InspirasyonKulot: Thanks for this info
  6. @notfixedyetpodcast: Thnaks guys! Really helped me niche down. Specially the fiancailly panning videos directed at older people with money
  7. @Thē-Sketchbook-01: Thanks sir
  8. @MathsDule: Great 💯
  9. @JoyDanieldiaries: Small YouTubers🎉😢
Let's all gather here
  10. @JoazilExpert: Always a talk
  11. @boytags02: wow
  12. @JustinJames_221: Hello, my Gmail is in use for work, please consider reopening it for me to use. Thank you
  13. @JordanMcArthur-y5q: Been researching for weeks and this gave me 3 new ideas I hadn’t even considered
  14. @bejjankideepikalifestyle: Hello sir
Selecting correct Niche is really difficult for me 
& for a small YouTube creator ,
my YouTube is like a big ocean ! oh my God !
  15. @Never.Enough.Outdoors: Thanks for sharing.
  16. @BabyNoCry: which came are you using?
  17. @nikhildangi852: Sir , i want to start a biographies channel is that a good niche for ad sense or CPM , RPM ?
  18. @MaxThenewsman: Did you think you are in a debate class? So fast
  19. @GenuineMusicDiary: YouTube is not paying for russian market. What the f….?
  20. @arshit24: Thankyou for 500 subscriber on YouTube ❤

- Top 5 High CPM Niches on YouTube That Make the Most Money (2026): Kind: captions Language: en If you want to make serious money on YouTube in 2026, your niche matters more than your subscribers. Some niches pay $3 CPM. Others pay 30 or more. Here are five of the highest paying YouTube niches right now. Number one, personal finance. Topics like investing, credit cards, saving money, and side hustles attract premium advertisers. Banks and financial companies pay big money for ads. Number two, make money online. Business tools, software platforms, and online services compete heavily for attention. That means higher ad revenue. Number three, technology and AI. Software reviews, AI tools, gadgets, and tutorials attract high-paying tech brands. Number four, digital marketing, SEO, email marketing, paid ads, and automation tools all have strong advertiser demand. Number five, insurance and real estate. These industries spend thousands to acquire one customer. That's why ad rates are extremely high. Here's the truth. Low CPM niche with millions of views can earn less than a high CPM niche with fewer views. Choose smart. Create valuable content. Target audiences in countries like the US, UK, Canada, and Australia. Subscribe for more strategies to grow a profitable YouTube channel. and comment below which niche you're choosing.

- Extremely High CPM YouTube Niches – How to Choose the Right One in 2025: Kind: captions Language: en want to make more money on YouTube choosing the right Niche can make a huge difference in your earnings in today's video we're diving into high CPM YouTube niches and how you can pick the perfect one to maximize your Revenue stay tuned so what exactly are high CPM niches let's dive into it these are content categories where advertisers are willing to spend more money to reach their specific audience effectively niches like Finance technology and business tend to have higher cpms compared to more General categories like entertainment or lifestyle content for instance in the finance Niche topics such as investing personal finance and cryptocurrency are highly valued in the technology sector content about AI the latest gadgets and software reviews attract higher cpms health and fitness is another lucrative Niche covering areas like medical advice and fitness programs Business and Entrepreneurship content including online business tips and startup advice also commands higher ad rates legal and insurance topics such as lawyer advice and insurance tips are also in high demand these niches attract brands that are willing to pay premium ad rates to Target their ideal customers ensuring their marketing dollars are well spent spent now you might be wondering how do you pick the right Niche for your channel it's a crucial decision that can make or break your success here are three things to consider when making this important choice first choose a niche you're passionate about and have some expertise in passion fuels creativity and keeps you motivated High CPM means nothing if you can't consistently create engaging content second analyze demand to ensure there's an audience use tools like Google Trends and YouTube analytics to check if people are searching for content in your chosen Niche this helps you understand the market third look for monetization potential Beyond ads such as sponsorships affiliate marketing and selling your own products or Services diversifying income streams can significantly boost your earnings to make your research easier here are a few tools you can use to discover High CPM niches Google AdSense CPC tool tube buddy and vid IQ and social blade for competitor analysis these tools help you find Trends CPM rates and popular topics within your Nesh before you jump into a niche here are a few final tips to set yourself up for Success these tips will help you navigate the competitive landscape and stand out focus on quality quality content and value ensuring that every piece of content you create resonates with your audience optimize your videos for SEO using the right keywords and tags to increase visibility and reach engage with your audience to build a loyal Community responding to comments and fostering meaningful interactions remember choosing the right Niche is only the first step consistent effort strategic content creation and ongoing engagement are key to long-term success and that's it now you know how to choose the right High CPM Niche for your YouTube channel if you found this video helpful don't forget to like subscribe and hit the notification Bell for more tips on growing your YouTube channel

- Basic Media Metrics Explained | CPM | CTR | CPC | CPA | CVR | Programmatic Advertising EP 8: Kind: captions Language: en hi everyone welcome back to my channel it's bailey here i post digital marketing related videos from time to time if you are interested in getting into the media industry and learning more about media buying don't forget to subscribe to my channel today's topic is really easy i want to talk about some of the most basic calculations you will need to know for media buying which are cpm click-through rate cost per clicks cost per actions and conversion rate all right without further ado let's get started first let's take a look at cpm if you have been watching my videos you should know by now that impressions are the most basic units in media buying cpm stands for cost per ml it measures the cost of every thousand median impressions it's calculated as cost divided by impressions then times a thousand the higher the cpm the more expensive your media is vice versa cpm usually is not the main performance indicator of a campaign but it can tell you quite a lot for example a higher cpm can means that you are bidding too high or there are extensive competitions in the market oftentimes we would increase our cpm for brand awareness campaign to reach impressions with higher view abilities click-through rates ctr as tell by the name it measures the percent of all of the people who have the opportunity to see your ass actually click on the ads remember an impression is an opportunity of your aunt to be seen by the potential audiences ctr calculated as clicks divided by impressions then times a hundred percent for this metrics the higher the better higher the ctr means better engagement of your ads with the audiences however you should also watch out for fraudulent clicks when running a campaign it is important to know your key performance indicator kpis although i said the higher the ctr the better it doesn't guarantee the performance of other metrics cost per click cpc similar to ctr this is also a very straightforward one it measures the cost of every clicks on your ads it's calculated as cost divided by clicks when you see a campaign with high ctr but the cpc is also really high you can check your cpm maybe you are bidding too high if you are able to lower your cpm while maintaining the ctr you will be able to bring down your cpc cost per actions cpa sometimes it can also be referred as cost per conversions or whatever conversion actions that you determine for your campaign it can be a site visit an abdominal a cell or any other desired conversion action it's calculated as cost divided by conversion action this will usually be the main kpi's of your dire response campaign usually we will want the cpa to be lower conversion rate cvr similar to ctr cvr measures the percent of people who have the opportunity to see your ads actually converge or perform the desired actions that you have determined for your campaign it's calculated as conversions divided by impressions then times a hundred percent again similar to ctr higher the cvr doesn't always mean slower the cpa for example we are running a campaign with two assets one six second video and one 15 second video six second video has a really low cpm at five dollars and the 15 second video has a higher cpm at twenty dollars at the same budget level we can see that 15 second videos drove less impressions which could potentially lead to higher conversion rate but also a higher cpa 6 second video is so cheap that we can reach a lot more people even though the cvr might be low we can still drive more conversions than 15 second video at the end of the day as mentioned it before it's really important to keep in mind your kpi of the campaign and optimize towards it other metrics could tell you some informations but you should always optimize towards your kpi that's it for today's video i hope this video is helpful to you i will probably make another video in the future to specifically talk about campaign optimizations for the next video i will be focusing on the different buying formats and how they affect the inventory priority if my video is helpful to you please don't forget to like and subscribe i will continue to post more digital marketing related videos in the future

  Top Comments:
  1. @JenniferSmith-k2s [2 likes]: Really appreciate this clear and concise explanation of these crucial metrics! It's a great foundation, and I'd love to see a video analyzing a case study where you apply these metrics to improve a struggling campaign.
  2. @FeliciaWucherer: Excellent explanation! A practical demonstration showing how to diagnose and optimize a campaign across different platforms using these metrics would be incredibly helpful. Seeing how they interact in a real-world scenario would be fantastic!
  3. @danielajuarezs1: why is every comment a bot, that's sad
  4. @Ihaveausernametoo: Great for the basics. I needed it. Thank you. What’s with the AI comments though?
  5. @ferozabanu4625: Awesome ❤
  6. @brunomunden: Great explanation of the core metrics! I'd love to see a follow-up video that walks through a real-world case study of diagnosing and improving a struggling campaign using these metrics. Seeing how you'd adjust strategies based on these metrics across platforms like Google Ads and Facebook Ads would be amazing.
  7. @mayne-z5i: This was a great overview; it really helped clarify the basics. A case study showing how to troubleshoot a real campaign using these metrics on different platforms, like Google Ads and Facebook Ads, would be extremely beneficial for putting this knowledge into practice!
  8. @rouvin-u2t: Great foundational explanation! A real-world case study demonstrating how to apply these metrics in campaign optimization, especially across different ad platforms, would be incredibly valuable. I'm eager to see how these concepts translate into practical strategies.
  9. @eleutherios-k3m: Thanks for the clear and concise explanation! A practical follow-up showing how these metrics interact in a real campaign scenario across different platforms would be incredibly helpful for solidifying the concepts. I'm excited to see more!
  10. @vitalikosman: Great introduction to the core metrics! It would be incredibly helpful to see a video applying these concepts to diagnose and optimize a real campaign on Google Ads or Facebook Ads. A case study demonstrating the practical application would be fantastic!
  11. @sacarhalloway: Thanks for breaking down the basics! A video showing a real campaign being optimized using these metrics, with platform-specific examples, would be super helpful. It would be great to see the actual decision-making process behind each adjustment.
  12. @adolphgoss: Great explanation! It would be really helpful to see a follow-up video showcasing a real-world case study of a campaign optimization, using these metrics to guide the decisions across different platforms. Thanks for sharing your expertise!
  13. @sevim-f2t: Thanks for the clear explanation! A practical case study where you walk through diagnosing and optimizing a real campaign using these metrics across different platforms would be incredibly valuable. I'm looking forward to seeing that!
  14. @enara-d4y: Solid explanation of the fundamentals! A real-world case study showing how you'd diagnose and optimize a campaign using these metrics would be an amazing follow-up. Seeing how these metrics influence decisions across different platforms would really tie it all together.
  15. @zorrah-r2w: This was a great overview of the core metrics! Seeing how these metrics can be used to identify and fix problems in a real campaign would be extremely helpful.
  16. @NicoleMurray-o8f: Great explanation of the core metrics! A video breaking down a real-world campaign and demonstrating how to diagnose problems and optimize for better performance using these metrics would be incredibly helpful. Seeing it applied in different platforms like Google or Facebook Ads would be fantastic!
  17. @vesta-s3d: Fantastic explanation of these essential metrics! A follow-up video analyzing a live campaign and demonstrating optimization strategies based on these metrics would be incredibly insightful. Seeing the application across different platforms like Google and Facebook Ads would be the ultimate learning experience!
  18. @wyetterubenstein: Thanks for the clear explanation! It would be amazing to see a real-world case study where you diagnose a struggling campaign using these metrics and demonstrate the optimization process. Seeing it applied across different platforms would be a huge bonus!
  19. @toshia-e2r: Thanks for the clear explanation of these fundamental metrics! A practical example of diagnosing and optimizing a real campaign using these metrics on Google or Facebook Ads would be an excellent follow-up.
  20. @alexanderina-d1t: Excellent overview; these fundamentals are crucial! A practical video demonstrating a step-by-step process for diagnosing and optimizing a real campaign across Google and Facebook Ads using these metrics would be invaluable. I'm eager to see more content like this!

- What is Business Process Modeling?: Kind: captions Language: en-US Maybe you've heard of business process modeling.&nbsp; You sketch out some boxes and then you get some&nbsp;&nbsp; arrows between them. That looks great. And that&nbsp; describes a particular area of your business and&nbsp;&nbsp; how it works, and then a group of fancy business&nbsp; analysts look at that shift some boxes around,&nbsp;&nbsp; and then, voila, your business has been optimized.&nbsp; Well, kinda, but process models, first of all,&nbsp;&nbsp; are not made manually by someone with a marker&nbsp; pen. They are produced by data mining algorithms&nbsp;&nbsp; that analyze how a business process actually works&nbsp; by looking at the data. And it turns out that if&nbsp;&nbsp; you really understand how a business works, you&nbsp; can optimize it in some pretty amazing ways.&nbsp;&nbsp; So we're going to define what business process&nbsp; modeling is, how business process models are made,&nbsp;&nbsp; what they show, and some benefits of this whole&nbsp; exercise. Now, most enterprises have a pretty good&nbsp;&nbsp; idea of the various business processes powering&nbsp; the daily operations. However, when they need&nbsp;&nbsp; to ensure that those processes consistently drive&nbsp; optimal outcomes, a pretty good idea isn't really&nbsp;&nbsp; going to cut it. Now, business process modeling&nbsp; usually involves creating a diagram or a flow&nbsp;&nbsp; chart of the steps in the process like that, with&nbsp; each step represented by a symbol and process,&nbsp;&nbsp; models are typically rendered using one of two&nbsp; standardized styles of graphical business process&nbsp;&nbsp; notation. There's BPMN that stands for Business&nbsp; Process Modeling Notation. And then there is UML&nbsp;&nbsp; and that stands for Unified Modeling Language.&nbsp; Within these notation systems, certain visual&nbsp;&nbsp; elements have universally recognized meanings when&nbsp; used in the process model. So, for example, ovals.&nbsp;&nbsp; Ovals represent the beginnings and the end&nbsp; points of processes. Then we have rectangles.&nbsp;&nbsp; Rectangles represent specific&nbsp; activities within a workflow. We have.&nbsp;&nbsp; Diamonds and diamonds represent decision&nbsp; points or gateways. We have arrows. The arrows&nbsp;&nbsp; represent sequence, the sequence of&nbsp; the flow. And then we have swim lanes.&nbsp;&nbsp; And swim lanes are used to identify who owns which&nbsp; components of a process. So that's what it is.&nbsp;&nbsp; But how do we make them? Well, a combination of&nbsp; event logs and process mining. So firstly, event&nbsp;&nbsp; logs. These are digital footprints left behind by&nbsp; every action that we take in an information system&nbsp;&nbsp; and event logs can be used to recreate a picture&nbsp; of how a business process actually unfolded,&nbsp;&nbsp; including which tasks were completed by which&nbsp; employees and in what order that they did them. In&nbsp;&nbsp; an event, logs can also reveal how often the&nbsp; specific events occur, how long they take,&nbsp;&nbsp; and which other events are typically completed&nbsp; before or after them. Then there's process&nbsp;&nbsp; mining. And process mining is the application of&nbsp; a data mining algorithm to all of this event load&nbsp;&nbsp; data and the algorithm identifies trends in the&nbsp; data and uses the results of the analysis to&nbsp;&nbsp; generate a visual representation of the process&nbsp; flow within the system. The process model. So&nbsp;&nbsp; why build these models? A single process&nbsp; model can contain a wealth of control,&nbsp;&nbsp; workflow, information, all sorts of data&nbsp; can be in here. For example, we can capture&nbsp;&nbsp; what is known as control flow and control&nbsp; flow shows which activities must be completed,&nbsp;&nbsp; in which order. Then there's also data flow. And&nbsp; data flow shows how data moves through the process&nbsp;&nbsp; and where it comes from and it goes to. Other&nbsp; things we can look at are performance metrics.&nbsp;&nbsp; And performance metrics are things&nbsp; like cycle time, processing time,&nbsp;&nbsp; throughput. You can calculate those for various&nbsp; steps in the process and we can identify things&nbsp;&nbsp; like bottlenecks and inefficiencies.&nbsp; And then there is resource utilization,&nbsp;&nbsp; and that really is a metric about things like cost&nbsp; per task or a number of tasks completed per hour,&nbsp;&nbsp; that sort of stuff that can be calculated and used&nbsp; to optimize things like different staffing levels.&nbsp;&nbsp; With all of this information that captured the&nbsp; business processing modeling, business process&nbsp;&nbsp; modeling offers a number of advantages. And most&nbsp; importantly, it provides a quantitative, data&nbsp;&nbsp; driven view of how work actually gets done within&nbsp; an organization. And this can be revelation for&nbsp;&nbsp; many different companies which rely on outdated or&nbsp; subjective assumptions about how their processes&nbsp;&nbsp; work or how they think they work. Now, business&nbsp; process modeling also makes it possible to do&nbsp;&nbsp; things like simulate change. So this is where we&nbsp; see, well, if we change something, what actually&nbsp;&nbsp; would happen? And we can model that in the process&nbsp; before it's actually implemented and find out the&nbsp;&nbsp; results. By changing variables in the model&nbsp; and running the simulation, enterprises can&nbsp;&nbsp; predict the outcome of proposed process changes&nbsp; and then make course corrections as needed.&nbsp;&nbsp; And then finally, business process&nbsp; modeling creates a common language.&nbsp;&nbsp; This is a common language that everybody&nbsp; can participate in for discussing process&nbsp;&nbsp; improvement initiatives by visually&nbsp; representing a process in a way that is both&nbsp;&nbsp; data driven and easy to understand.&nbsp; Businesses can ensure that everyone involved&nbsp;&nbsp; in a process improvement project is&nbsp; on the same page from the outset.&nbsp;&nbsp; Process modeling forms a cornerstone of&nbsp; any automation, effort or business process&nbsp;&nbsp; management initiative. Without a comprehensive&nbsp; views of existing processes and the underlying&nbsp;&nbsp; business logic, enterprises cannot effectively&nbsp; optimize and automate workflows at scale.&nbsp;&nbsp; Instead, they'd be stuck watching the best guesses&nbsp; of a of a dude with a marker pen. And if you&nbsp;&nbsp; want to see more videos like this in the future,&nbsp; please like and subscribe. Thanks for watching.

  Top Comments:
  1. @sinanamakiaraghi3691 [11 likes]: This video scientifically misrepresents many facts... First and foremost >> BPM stands for Business Process Management NOT Modeling. Within BPM life-cycle process discovery and modeling is one of the phases.  We do design process models by hands which are reulted from interview-based process discovery  approaches that lead to modeling processes by hands. We do also use PROCESS MINING for evidence-based process discovery, which is not completely related to data mining (the event logs are specific and different). For more information please read the BPM book written by Prof. Dumas.
  2. @juhiswarnkar1323 [7 likes]: very informative session. Brief yet wonderful to understand.
  3. @panskibinski1434 [6 likes]: My after 3 days digging through archaic process in the company that was used for last 5 years and never documented: "Data mining what? :D "
  4. @panskibinski1434 [4 likes]: Also most of the companies have very vague idea of the processes they use daily. Sometimes due to mass layoffs, sometimes due to companies merges , sometimes due to using 3rd party tools or vendor company to run mentioned process
  5. @chiemekaezerie4931 [4 likes]: Please what roles in an organization, is responsible for all of this?
  6. @janreed99 [3 likes]: Not all businesses use event logs and process mining though.........
  7. @YHOOOOOOOOOOOO1 [2 likes]: I like how he sounds.
  8. @davidmorgan572 [2 likes]: Thx! This is one of the best overviews if not the best I've ever seen on this subject.
  9. @SlashSwitzerland [1 likes]: Back to 2003😓
  10. @fionabyers-d9i: Here's my dilemma: spend hours perfecting Modeling workflow by hand, or minutes with a custom workflow that gets it 90% there. Which approach actually makes more sense? The setup challenged some assumptions but paid off quickly.
  11. @infamismworldwild6248: Brilliant , thank you
  12. @SMPUIB: This was the worst explanation I managed to see
  13. @seekshikshan2556: Thank yuo so much. after watching many videos i found your video. got clarification for all doubts
  14. @shjn91maz27: هل يوجد محتوى عربي مثل هذا؟
  15. @q.yusupov: thank you
  16. @higiniofuentes2551: Why is included in Cloud section?
  17. @higiniofuentes2551: Thank you for this very useful video!
  18. @ichechiecknteogwuija4641: Thank you very much
  19. @buifenomeh: Thanks for this video. It's helpful
  20. @wiki90100: with new systems like SAP Signavio does it mean that BPMN is automated from MS Visio to auto flow charts using data?

- The SaaS business model & metrics: Understand the key drivers for success: Kind: captions Language: en it's a real pleasure to be here it's a great city and it's interesting to see how web summit is impacting this city one of my portfolio companies a company called salsify just decided to relocate their European headquarters here to Lisbon and that's pretty different we used to see everybody going to Dublin before that so it's nice to see the the recognition of what the city has to bring so I have a great topic to talk to you about this morning the SAS business model and metrics and in case you're wondering why this is so important I love this quote from Lord Kelvin if you can't measure it you cannot improve it and clearly all of us want to improve our SAS businesses so understanding metrics is important for that but metrics also play another role which is once you start regularly measuring a series of numbers what you'll find is that your team will realize the importance of those numbers and start to work on improving them so they can act as a very powerful way to align your entire management team and company around a direction you wanted head in but that also makes it really important that we understand which metrics to actually highlight and try to simplify those down to the smallest number possible and that's what my goal today is to help you understand which are the important metrics and there is one warning I will give you which is the metrics change depending on what stage you're at and I don't have time today to explain that detail but I will be in my following presentation at 12 o'clock on the startup University talking a lot about these stages and what you might think how things change them but let's also talk about another thing here which is I have looked at many many businesses over a lot of years and I've never found a business that was as sensitive to small changes in key variables than a SAS businesses and so that makes it really important to try to understand what these specific variables are that unlock growth for us and again that's my goal for you today so one thing I think most of you probably already know is that if you are going to look at public SAS companies and you wanted to compute valuation if we look at valuation on the y-axis here what we have to use to compute valuation is to look at a combination of two factors what is the growth rate as a percentage and what is the operating profit as a percentage of revenue and add those two percentages together and that will give us the x-axis and that's the best predictor of profitability so in other words what this tells us is that you have to not only grow fast but also be profitable but alternatively if you're growing less fast you can get away with that by being much more profitable so this is talked about often as the rule of 40 because you want your growth rate plus your profitability to be equal to 40% so you could be growing at 50% and losing 10% per year or you could be growing at 10% but making 30% profit and both of them would be acceptable and hit the rule of 40 then so that tells me something that I've been very focused on any of you read my blog here will know that I talked a lot about these three words here your goal is to produce a repeatable scalable and profitable growth machine and these are really really easy words to say but actually turn out to be very hard to achieve in practice and they are very powerful words though because if you can figure out a way to grow your business in a way that's scalable so you can do it as much as you want to and it's also profitable you have in effect defined and built a cash generating machine where you can put in $1.00 of investment and a few years later get out many more dollars so this is something that growth investors really love now the key indicator that you've successfully managed to get repeatable and scalable growth is that you are able to grow your bookings and here it's important to recognize that I'm not talking about revenue or ARR but your bookings reliably and consistently quarter after quarter so if you grow your bookings you don't grow your bookings your business will still grow but it will grow with a flat curve like that and what we're looking for is an exponential growth curve because you are successfully in charge of how to grow your bookings you understand how to make your your growth process scalable and how to scale it so that brings us to the question of how do we measure bookings it's really quite different in a SAS business and the right way to measure bookings is to look at net new AR AR and that new AR AR is made up of three components the AR AR that you get from brand new customers the expansion AR AR that you get from your existing customers and we subtract from that the revenue that we will lose from churned customers that we lost during the quarter so these four components or three components Plus Ones summary total are the key foundation metrics for running a SAS business if you're not tracking these reliably and regularly then this is an important thing to take notice of and this is the chart that I recommend that every founder use on a monthly basis to understand their business so this graphs those three components plus the sum of them which is the dark red line there and again remember our goal is to see that dark red line growing and we need to have the other components that understand why it isn't growing or what is contributing to its growth and what we can do better there and it's really important to have it as a time series not just to look at a single point in time because you want to look at whether it's growing or not growing so any of you who read my blog know that one of the things that I really like to try and do is take complex things and simplify them and today I'm going to try to simplify the whole SAS business model down to one concept for you which is you can think of a SAS business as being a funnel and if you run the whole business around this idea of a funnel I think it really helps have everybody recognize what you're trying to do and the SAS world we need to extend the funnel because it's super important that we retain customers to gain recurring revenue over a long period of time so we're going to look at a funnel that includes the backend of onboarding and retaining and expanding customers as well now the beautiful thing about funnels is that they're governed by really very very simple math and that's what helps to simplify my job today the first piece of math is that to calculate bookings we simply have to take the number of leads coming in the top of our funnel multiply it by our conversion rate and then that'll tell us how many deals closed at the end of the funnel and then if we multiply that by our average deal size we have our bookings number so that tells me we should be very focused on lead flow and conversion rate in the early days and later on we can worry about deal size I wouldn't worry about that too much in the very early days of your company so let's take an example here of a very simple business this is one way you drive your customers to the website and then you ask them to do a free trial and you hope to close them after that so what I would recommend here is that the metrics you're looking at are the number of visitors coming to the top of your funnel and then the number of people that are going into trials and then the number of closed deals and plot this as a time series again super important to see are you improving over time because our goal is to show that we know how to control that growth rate then and then on top of that we really want to know how many visitors are converting to trials our conversion percentage and we need to track those over time as well and try to improve them because clearly if we can convert more visitors to trials that will really directly impact our bookings exactly in the proportion to which we make that change there now a quick word about conversion percentages they're not that easy to calculate the way to do the calculation is you have to track a cohort like the January group of people that you saw coming to your website and watch them for several months maybe as long as five months or so to allow them to flow fully through the funnel to calculate conversion rates then once you've done that you can get your overall conversion rate for your entire funnel and this can also be very powerful because you can now look at that my lead source and you can start to discover which lead sources provide you with a good return on investment where you can afford to spend more and plow more money into those lead sources then so so far I described a funnel that required no salespeople it was really just a marketing driven funnel but many times in fact really most times there are going to be salespeople involved and where salespeople are involved we do run into a different problem here which is a salesperson both a ramp time but also a capacity limit there's a limit to how many deals they can work on at any point in time and as a result of that our growth comes in discontinuous units depends on the number of salespeople we have if we don't hire enough salespeople we will limit our growth because we won't have enough capacity to talk to our leads that are coming in there so I want to introduce a second formula to you and again fortunately it's a very simple formula so when you have sales people your bookings equals how many salespeople you have multiplied by the PPR the productivity per rep that's the average amount of business that each rep produces and let's look at each of these in turn so one of the biggest lessons I've learnt is that every portfolio company I've dealt with has at least once and normally most often twice missed their sales numbers by failing to hire salespeople on time and when you're an a founder in the early days you'd normally don't worry about missing your hiring timing because you're saving money by hiring people a little bit later this is the one place where that really is important to not do because you will miss your bookings plan if you don't hire salespeople on time and that leads me to the importance of recruiting and really would recommend to you that every one of you understand that recruiting is not one of the crucial skills you need to build to have a successful startup and you need to bring that skill in-house and not rely on third party outside recruiters for that looking at the second variable in that formula productivity per rep that's affected by the quality of people that you hire and again this goes back to why recruiting is so important you need to have great talent coming into your organization but it's also impacted by how good of a job you do on onboarding and training and again if you come to my 12 o'clock talk in start-up university you will hear me talking a lot about how to create this training and onboarding and how important that is for founders to do as you're spending so much on these salespeople you need them to be productive so I recommend monitoring productivity per rep again with a time series graph to see how that changes and to look under the details of how productivity per is evolving I strongly recommend that you look at a chart like this where you have every salesperson you've ever had and a green bar showing you whether they're above quota or red if they've gone below quota and what we're looking to achieve here is in the far right hand column where we have many green salespeople and that tells us that our onboarding and our hiring is working well and we're successfully getting our salespeople productive if it's not working well then we need to fix either onboarding training or hiring to get ourselves people productive them and another chart that may be helpful to you is to look at how many of your reps are above 75% of quota and a rough goal here is 75% of them should be above that and how many of your reps are above a hundred percent of quota and here a rough goal that's useful is 50% of them should be above a hundred percent you may not get there in the early days but this is useful to have some targets to aim for to be aware of them so once we've got our funnel working we do come to ask the question is our funnel profitable because I mentioned the evaluation of our company is driven by not just growth rate but also by profitability so to work this out well you need to use unit economics where we look at CAC and LTV CAC is the cost to acquire a customer and LTV is the lifetime value of the customer and our goal to have a viable business model is that our lifetime value needs to be significantly greater than the cost to acquire the customer so let's start by looking at the lifetime value of the customer and this is obviously dependent on how long we can keep our customer the lifetime and the formula to compute customer lifetime it's simply 1 divided by the churn rate the customer churn rate so that tells us churn is extremely important as a variable that drives our profitability and therefore our company valuation the churn is not simple there are two forms of churn and I want to show you what the difference between the two of them is customer churn and dollar churn so I'd like you to imagine a simple story here where we start the year with two customers one is doing $1,000 a month and the other one is doing $5,000 a month if we who's the first customer we had 50% customer churn but we we only had 17 percent dollar chance and not too bad on the dollar churn but if it goes the other way around and we lose the second customer we've lost eighty-three percent of our dollars so we need to track both of these things separately but something very cool can happen which is instead of just losing customer one if we were successfully able to grow customer - from 5k to 7k we would actually have - 16 percent dollar churn and this is negative churn and it is a very very important concept for a SAS business so again to repeat what is negative churn it happens when the expansion revenue from your existing customers exceeds the revenue that you lost from your churned customers and it is very powerful now some of you might know I was on the board of HubSpot an early days at HubSpot we started with one product at one price point five thousand so actually with six thousand dollars per year five hundred dollars a month and we had no way to get any expansion revenue because there was nothing else to sell him after that bought the initial product so a key lesson we had to learn was it to get expansion revenue we needed to have variable pricing axes and you can get variable pricing axes by introducing different editions of your product or by charging four users or as in hub spots case charging for some other metric like the number of leads that they were storing that was a better equator - how much value the software was providing to the customers so that was a good lesson to learn there again I wouldn't panic if you don't have variable pricing if you're an early-stage startup it's a secondary thing that comes along later on once you've got your business running it up and running here but I believe that negative churn is crucial for success and to illustrate that I'd like to talk about this company here it has revenue loss of two and a half percent monthly and you can see that if there are 10 million of ARR in order to just get back to ten million in the next year they will have to do another three million have to find three million just to replace the business that they're going to lose through well three millions not that big of a deal we can easily book three million somewhere along but if you take it a little bit further forward and you look at that same business when they hit a hundred million now they have to replace 30 million just to stand spilled just to stay the same size that they were before and that turns out to be a very big problem and I was very friendly with Gayle Goodman of Constant Contact and this was the exact problem that they ran into they never were able to get to negative churn and as a result that business just struggled to grow and grow so negative churn is the answer to how you get a successful long-term task business then now the one other thing I'll show you here is if you look at a particular simple model that I created and you change you track what happens if you two have two and a half percent churn or to an office and negative churn after 40 months the differences on the right hand side we have four hundred K and ARR versus only a hundred and fifty K on the left hand side so a very big difference in how fast your business will grow with negative churn now there's another reason why we need SAS unit economics and that is because all other businesses have been measured by a P&L and a balance sheet traditional GAAP accounting metrics but these don't work for SAS and the reason why they don't work is because we have this strange phenomenon where we lose a lot of money in the early days acquiring our customers but we don't make that money back very quickly we make it back over a period of time so we have a negative cash flow for a long period of time with each customer we add and so that's one customer what happens if we add many customers well let's show you what happens if we add five customers a month just this is just looking at sales and marketing expense we have a cash flow trough I call this the SAS cash flow trough and it's something that is very important for investors and board members to understand because all SAS businesses that are succeeding will lose a lot of money and that's because of this phenomenon here and what happens as well is that in in this model that I showed here the faster you grow the deeper your cash flow trough gets so this is kind of interesting and one of the board members at HubSpot was the see effort NetSuite Ron Gill and he gave me this quote for a blog post that I did the thing that surprises many investors and boards of directors about the SAS model is that even with perfect execution the acceleration of growth will often be accompanied by squeeze and profitability and cash flow and so they saw this constant going back into negative cash flow as they just started to re-accelerate their growth there and I used to run into this problem with my partners when I would come in and talk about the fact that HubSpot was doing really well and they would say why is it losing so much money and it kept getting worse and worse and worse and I had to explain it to them with these graphs here but it does lead you to an important question so if you're losing money at an increasing rate how do you know that you have a business that will turn the corner and be a successful business and the answer is that about 10 years ago I wrote a blog post where I came up with these guesses as guidelines which is that your lifetime value should be at least more than three times cack and you should be able to recover the CAC in under 12 to 18 months or so they were very rough guidelines and I guessed at them but 10 years later it turns out that they've been very much time-tested and proven and I think they're really strong key guidelines is to help you find out are you actually going to turn the corner and become profitable then so one other thing that's very powerful about unit economics is you can actually use them to help you understand your customer segments so here we have HubSpot again on the left hand side the very small business segment only has a one and a half times LTV to CAC ratio but the VAR channel that we were using to sell to the very small business actually had a five to one LTV to CAC so this helps us recognize that we had a very unprofitable customer segment but at the same time we also had 12 reps assigned to the very small business but only four reps assigned to the vast so obviously 12 months later we changed that completely we had only now two reps left selling to VSP and 25 reps assigned to selling to the VAR channel so that helps you understand where and how to drive the business for you so last thing to recognize here is there's another kind of unit comics that can be helpful and that is for the salesperson so if you pay yourselves people about a hundred K on target my recommendation is that you set the quarter about four to six times that to be able to get very profitable salespeople and one last thing I want to talk about here is in my model I studied the impact of doing upfront annual payments and discovered that this has a huge impact on your cash flow not your P&L because it doesn't change that but here's my model that I ran it shows that in one case you ended up with three and a half million in cash and in the other case you ended up with thirty-eight million in cash and you avoided the whole cash flow trough so if you were able to this is one of the most powerful variables then so in summary here my entire thing was to try to simplify the SAS down to recognizing that it's just a funnel and if you look at optimizing that funnel you have a great way to create the metrics that you want so bookings we care about using the formula that I talked about we care about the bottom of the funnel customer happiness retention and churn a negative churn and we care about profitability through unit economics and gross margin and then lastly as I showed you for your cash flow collecting cash upfront is a very key metric now it's clearly a lot more than this but I only had 20 minutes to talk to you today so I had to cut things down as much as possible if any of you are interested in looking further here I would recommend going to my blog and one very last thing that might be interesting to you is in at 12 o'clock I'm talking over on the startup University stage about nine stages to get to a repeatable scalable and profitable growth model and I will talk about how it's crucial it is to understand each of these stages and why you cannot rush ahead and how much damage you do by going ahead there so hopefully I'll see some of you with that but otherwise thank you very much for your time and for listening to me and it's been a pleasure talking to you [Applause]

  Top Comments:
  1. @drapala97 [6 likes]: 🎯 Key Takeaways for quick navigation:

00:34 📊 Metrics are important for improving SaaS businesses and aligning teams.
02:14 💰 Growth rate and profitability are key factors in computing valuation for SaaS companies.
04:35 📈 Tracking net new ARR (Annual Recurring Revenue) is crucial for understanding SaaS business growth.
06:01 🔢 Running a SaaS business like a funnel simplifies operations and helps focus on important metrics.
09:18 💼 Hiring salespeople on time is critical for meeting booking goals in SaaS companies.
12:58 💸 Understanding customer churn rates and achieving negative churn is crucial for long-term SaaS business success.
16:29 💵 Utilizing unit economics helps understand customer segments and optimize the profitability of a SaaS business.
20:53 📈 Optimizing the funnel, tracking bookings, focusing on customer retention, achieving negative churn, and understanding profitability through unit economics are essential for SaaS success.

Made with HARPA AI
  2. @Hapkumdo [3 likes]: This is so very interesting - I am about to start a SaaS company as well, and when I listen to this talk, I can only say that this is exactly the opposite of what I will do.
Every single word spoken is only motivated by money and nothing else. Don't get me wrong, I am fully aware that you have to earn money to continue operations, and frankly live; but not one words of WHY one would even go ahead and do this.
The product? Doesn't matter as long as it makes money! 
Happy customers? Happy means money, right? If they pay anyhow, I don't care (thinks SAP)
Employees that like to work here? Well, they are getting paid, what else could they possibly want?

Shouldn't the first, or at the very least one, of the reasons why you do what you do, be to make the world a little bit better?
Well, I will try! Will I fail? Maybe, but with a clear conscience and the knowledge to have tried to make the world as much better, as I was able to.
  3. @JeroenStarrenburg-wt5pd [2 likes]: Great presentation. I ran a Saas company and sold it for 100 millions euro's. Always puzelled with the metrics. I wish I had this talk before I started it. However, will use it going forward. Many thanks. And big compliment for explaining it so clearly.
  4. @prashanbala7485 [2 likes]: Most valuable YouTube video I have seen this year 👏
  5. @nash.p9781 [2 likes]: David Skok, you are magnificent.
  6. @walid.6855 [1 likes]: Finally a good video about SaaS business
  7. @MaryAlexander-t5f [1 likes]: You present your topics with such passion!
  8. @ruchisingh8517 [1 likes]: what's his blog name?
  9. @HlelekileNkosi: Fyp😊
  10. @BeautyloungeIndia: Is there a second part which he hinted in the video ??
  11. @JPHiddenTreasures: BRILLIANT!
  12. @fangliu1369: 他说 在哪个大学还有演讲来着？
  13. @ÁdámLászlóRocska: What the actual fuck. If you are profitable you are growing fast. If you are growing fast, you are profitable. Either the definition of “growth” in this case is ambiguous or I landed in a weird parallel metaverse.
  14. @SandeepKumarTech01: Thanks alot
  15. @FelisaSteuber: 49542 Halvorson Ranch
  16. @jackymarcel4108: Gonzalez Lisa Perez Carol Perez Scott
  17. @samirhiddani3489: I am thinking cosing this video in my super admin dashboard
  18. @christinenjeri3074: Ave learned alot👏🏾
  19. @kristofferKliemann: Amazing!!!
  20. @luisdariodavilamartinez5538: Amazing stuff

- Lecture 12 : CPM model and cost modelling: Kind: captions Language: en Let me welcome you to the NPTEL online certification courses Network Analysis for Mines and Mineral Engineering, this is lecture number-12. In this lecture, we will discuss CPM Model and Cost Modeling. So, like every class let us retrospect, what we have learned so far. In our earlier class, we have already determined the slack of a job forward from using the forward pass and backward pass. Forward pass, we have determined early start, early finish time. In backward pass, we have determined late start, late finish time. And that calculation we have used late start, late finish time that calculation we have used for determining the slacks in a job. In also last class, we have discussed the project due dates, when the earliest possible time of completion of the project and the target date of completion of the project is different. In that case, the how the due dates has to be considered for rescheduling the job is also discussed, but how this rescheduling will be carried out, we will discuss in this lecture. So, let us first consider so far in critical path method of analysis of a network, whatever we have discussed that all are basically deterministic approach that means, we have considered that the time for completion of this job is t. Now, this time for completion of this job t means, suppose this job is that sending x material from a place to b place. Now, sending x material from a place to b place depends on the velocity of that, and that may differ with the speed of some belt or any other drive which is being carried out or it may be transportation system from x place to y place, suppose it is a mind in the mine dumper has to carry the material from the shovel to the crashing plan. Now, that means it is a travelling of the dumper depends on the velocity. If the velocity is different, then the time will be different, but or maybe the traffic is congested the velocity will be different. So, all these conditions are there that means, uncertainties are there which is not considered in the critical path method. We are considering the time taken by the dumper from shovel to crashing plant is three minute means, it is three minute, but these considerations are not considered in the critical path method. And in that scheduling problems uncertainty problems are considered in the program evaluation review technique, which will start in our 16th-lecture. So, basically if you are considering that the program evaluation review technique is a probabilistic model and critical path method is a deterministic model, which does not entertain any uncertainty. But, we have seen in our earlier classes that they we have considered a due date, which is differing from the target date or may be the earliest possible time of completion. So, in those cases what we are doing, we are trying to reschedule that one. And considering that we have found some jobs are having negative slacks, but some can be rescheduled within that reducing their available slacks that means, in critical path method of analysis also we are having some possibilities which in this case we can handle some level of uncertainty that means, with the knowledge of project due date it is understood that in critical path method also variation of job times can be allowed. But, it is not based on the statistical method which is considered in the PERT model, but in a planned way by assigning extra or less resources like man machine and machinery, so that means it is also deterministic approach the way we are carrying out where probability is not considered, but rescheduling or readjustment is possible. And I am giving you another example. Suppose, you are digging a pond or maybe lake; where, you have to complete it in 10 days by deploying 2 shovels. Now, you can after say two days if you see, the progress is not good enough, you can carry it out or if you wish to complete instead of 10 days in 5 days instead of 2 shovels, you have to deploy 4 shovels. So, this is the way in deterministic approach, you can have some adjustment in your network time by rescheduling the jobs, so that means a job may be expedited by deploying additional resources is called crushed, and this process is called crushing that means a job which is supposed to be completed in 10 or say capital T time, it can be reduced to small t time that means in 5 time, if we are deploying some additional resources in the job, so that is that consideration is possible thus that consideration is possible with the that consideration is possible with the critical path method analysis. Now, if you see the last class where we have discussed the project due date. We have found there is no reason to expedite a job having generous amount of slack, and should have done at a place of lowest or optimum cost that means, a job which is having huge slack in last example we have seen a dot slack a dot job has the 19-hours of slacks that means, it is having huge slack, it is not judicial to deploy additional resources to reduce that job path, because it is already having huge slack, so that is there is no need to reduce that one, so which job duration has to be reduced that is the consideration has to be taken based on the financial analysis of the project. So, now whether the project duration will be reduced, whether the project duration will remain which project which job duration will be reduced that decision is a purely basic financial decision, and must be carried out only after the financial appraisal of the project, so that means to reduce the job path it is understood that the critical and near critical jobs may be required to be crushed or expedite using additional resources. But, this additional resources means, it is the additional costing to the organization. So, whether the crashing has to be carried out that means, the expediting the job will be carried out or not that is a financial decision. And the impact financial impact on the project must be carried out, and the decision must be calculated, and decision must be taken on based on that.. So, in case project due date is less than T, crushing of the critical jobs are required essentially required. And if the project due dates are less than T, it may be possible some of the non-critical jobs may be required to be crushed, so that means, it is all the critical jobs plus maybe some of the other jobs has to be crushed. But, if D is greater than T, the crushing will be update or not depends on the financial costing. If you consider the first case also, they are also whether the crushing has to be carried out in all the critical jobs or some of the critical jobs or to a particular critical jobs that decision is also must be a decision to be taken based on the financial or cost optimization. And in case of D less than equal to T, your project cost may increased than the total considerations of the project cost or it may be decreased also. If it is decreased in those case, you whether your due date is accepted or not you must go for crushing, because it is giving you the financial benefit. We will discuss those things in this, but before that we have to understand, what is the cost of a project. The cost of a project means, we classify it in two terms; one is direct cost, another is indirect cost. Now, let us understand something what is cost. Suppose, we want to manufacture something say, there is a lathe machine, you are trying to manufacture in the lathe machine a bolt. Now, for manufacturing a bolt, what we need? We have to bring some iron part, the lathe machine has to put thread on that, and that bolt will be made. Now, this iron part is a material, and the lathe machine is a machine, and the manpower is required to carry out this work. The electric consumption by the lathe machine is the operating cost of the lathe machine, and maybe other things are required for creating this bolt in the lathe machine. So, all this man machine, and the power consumption for running of the machines material used in the machines comes under the direct cost. So, direct cost is the cost which incur due to the direct involvement into the job activities like manpower, wages, machine operating cost, raw material cost etcetera. And also because those direct safety cost etcetera are also coming into this, say cleaning of that place every day. If the no working is there that cleaning is not a part of that, but other things are there which is has to be considered comes under indirect cost. The for better understanding is that if there is no job, the direct cost is zero that means, production dependent cost is considered as the direct cost, which is not a time dependent cost that means, the cost which are not time dependent if you are manufacturing a bolt, then only cost is there. If you do not manufacture the bolt, then that means, your cost on the iron part is not there, your cost for the machine operation is not there, and your cost for the manpower requirement is also not there that cost is called direct cost. And that is considered as the direct cost, which requires which is dependent on the production only not on the time. Indirect cost at those costs which incur due to the indirect requirement for carrying the project, but not directly depends on the production like overhead costs, lighting of the area, security of the area, safety requirement of the area, rents of the area. All those things are coming in to these. Say suppose if you are considering say taxes are sometimes it is a direct cost, sometimes it is indirect cost. Suppose, if you are considering the mining case, whether you are mining or not, then also you have to pay the which is basically the rent of the land has to be paid. But, if you are paying the royalty, if it is direct royalty on the production basis, then it is the that tax is the direct tax has to be paid. So, this thing some of the parts are direct, some of the parts are indirect and that is why the other consideration is that. If there is no job, then also whatever is the cost that is the cost depends on the called the indirect cost? And if there is job that only creating that cost that is the direct cost has to be considered. So, if no job, then also the costs are as usual same, and that why it is time dependent not the production dependent is called indirect cost, so that is very well understood that direct cost and indirect cost is there. And this direct cost indirect cost, they are having their own trend of moving with the time or with the production, and that will be considered in the due case. But, the total cost may be classified in two groups. One is direct cost which is dependent on the production and zero production means, zero direct cost. Another is indirect cost which is dependent on the time that means zero production means that cost is there, time is not there or time is less or more is the in those case the cost is also increasing or decreasing. So, direct cost and indirect cost are the two types of cost. And let us understand little bit more on this. If you see in general, a direct cost of a job is decreased with increase in the duration as the man machine requirement is reduced that means, say if you are deploying some if you are doing some job, and you are allowing your man machine to work on these. If you are increasing the job duration that means, you are going for a less number of manpower. You are going for the less capacity machines, which are pricing you less, and that is why the direct costs are decreasing with the increase in the decrease in the with the increase in the duration. So, actually this has to be reversed, but unfortunately wrongly it has placed here. If you see the trend of the direct cost, the direct cost is that with the increase in the job duration, it is going to less, it may be some straight line, it may be some curved power curve, which ever may be the trend is that it is reducing with the duration. However, if you try to increase or expedite the job, in that case you have to deploy additional machines, additional manpower that means, it is costing you more, so that is why direct costs are inversely dependent with the time decrease with the increase in the time. But, if you see the indirect cost, indirect cost will increase with that time as it is purely dependent on the time. Suppose, if you are carrying out 1000 volts per day from a lathe machine ok, and now you do not have demand, you are carrying out 200 volts per day that means, for 1000 volt you are taking 5 days that means, you have to deploy your security you have to switch on the light night lighting for 5 days, you have to give the rent for the 5 days. So, those are the requirement. And that is why indirect cost increases with the time, as the time is increasing the indirect cost may increase like this, the trend may be whichever it is it is not a problem, but the tent has to be established trained for our calculation purpose. So, in our simple calculation, we consider the straight line one, so that the calculation will be easy, but it may be of any equation that can be fed, and that can be considered for the time dependency of the indirect cost. So, it is well understood now that the indirect costs increases with the time, direct cost decreases with the time. And now if we try to calculate the total cost with the time, we may have a we may have seen a trend like this, where direct cost of a project is the sum of the direct cost of each job. Indirect cost of a project is the total indirect cost of the duration of the project. And total cost is the sum of the direct cost of all jobs. And total indirect cost if we are carrying out this one, basically we are adding for a particular duration, we are adding this much length plus this much length, and by this way we suppose we are getting this value, probably there is a little bit it is not a true scale. So, adding these two, we are getting this value that means, the total cost this is the total cost curve, this is the direct cost curve, this is the indirect cost curve. So, this direct cost plus indirect cost gives us the total cost, and the trend is coming something like this or something like this. So, if you see the trend of that total cost, you can find out the total cost is initially decreasing with the time. And after that, it again started increasing with the time that means, there is a point on which it is optimum one. So, this lowest point of operation is basically considered as the optimum operation time. So, this total cost is the this curve can be obtained from the direct cost curve, indirect cost curve. The important part is that direct cost direct cost of one job; it depends on the job not on the network. So, the network direct cost is basically direct cost of a project or network is basically the sum of the direct cost of all the jobs means, summation of all the jobs their direct cost has to be considered as the direct cost of the network. Indirect cost of a job is basically the duration of this one, but at the same time there may be two or three jobs are operating, so that is why indirect cost of individual jobs cannot give you the summation of that will not give you the indirect cost of the project. But, indirect cost of the project, you can come with the indirect cost indirect cost for the complete project that means, in our earlier case T is equal to 35. Say per day indirect cost if it is 5 unit, then for 35 days it will be 175 unit will be the total cost so total indirect cost, so that is why the indirect cost depends on the total project duration not on the particular duration of a job. But, the direct cost depends on the particular direct cost of a job, and direct cost of the project is basically the summation of the cost of the each and every activities of the project. Once again I am telling you must remember the dummy activities does not have any cost, does not have any time value, they are basically dummy activity to construct the network. So, in this cost calculation, you need not to include the dummy activities. Reduction in duration of jobs say if it is not slack increases direct cost, decreases indirect cost, if the project duration is also reduced that means, in our example if you reduce the critical job, then only the project duration will be reduced, and indirect cost will be reduced. Otherwise, your cost will not be indirect cost will not be reduced. But, if you reduce the jobs which are not critical, in that case also your direct cost will be increases. So, reduction in duration is basically increase the direct cost, and decrease the indirect cost, if it is a critical job. So, always our concern is that while we are reducing the job, we must consider, it must be a critical job that has to be reduced, so that we can have some benefit of reduction of the indirect cost. Now, let us understand what is duration? Say every time we are giving say these activities, this activity is having a duration of say three days or three months or three hours like that. So, how we have come out with this three? This we have so far we have understood the calculation that what is cost. Now, let us understand what is duration, the moment I am telling you the normal job duration is this. Basically, it is similar that we are expecting from x place to y place, we can reach by two hours as we have discussed. And that two hours basically depends on our velocity if we go in a higher velocity, that 2 hours will become 1.5 hours, why you then 1.5 hour is not the time we are considering. So, this normal time which we are considering here, it is called normal time. So, any activity or job is considered to have a normal or natural time of completion. In a deterministic approach, this time is fixed as we have considered here three. And is given as a number, say baking time of a in the oven for a bread. Say we placed it in oven, then we bake it for say three hours, so that it will become a bread or became a cake, whichever it is. Now, it can be reduced to a certain range, and if we increase the temperature maybe little bit it may be a reduced or if we can change the oven that, then it may be reduced, but this may affect the quality that means, we cannot have a system where we can have a bread within say 5 minute. We can place it in the oven bake it for 5 minute, it will give the bread that is not possible, because a normal baking time must be given, then only it will become bread. Otherwise, it will be a severe effect on the quality of the bread, so that is why every activities are having a normal time that means, the time we have placed for baking that cake or whichever it is or there must be a minimum time up to which we can adjust that minimum time may be by changing the machine, the most the most modern machine, may bake it in say 1-hour instead of 3-hour, so that is the achievable reduction of the time which we can go for not for that one, so that means every activity is having a normal time and having a minimum time. And we can only reduce that activity up to that minimum time not beyond that that time, and to that that will give us some additional costing, so that is very very important. In our probabilistic manner, we can go we can have a different types of system where we may consider I think this is shifted little bit. So, this is the meantime at this position and may be lower lowest time at this position, which may be possible here. So, this actually this will be there. Generally, in probabilistic approach we consider mean as the normal time. And lowest time maybe having some plus minus one sigma or two sigma time may be considered as the lowest time up to which the crushing can be allowed. So, this is the probabilistic approach. But, in deterministic approach we have to consider some normal time and some minimum time, which based on our experience or based on the expertization can be determined. So, in deterministic approach, it is essential that we have to consider the duration for a normal time case and for a minimum time case. And the cost pertaining to this in the indirect cost and cost pertaining to this in the direct cost are the point of interest. So, impact of change in the duration of an activity on the direct cost is inversely dependent, there is no impact on the indirect cost, unless and until, it leads to change in the duration of the project, because indirect costs are not job dependent, it is the project dependent, time dependent, and that is why that completion If the completion time of the projects are not reduced, then the indirect cost will not be reduced. And the indirect cost will reduce, direct cost will increase that is the way one has to calculate the financial analysis for the job, whether it will be expedite by crushing or not that has to be considered. So, basically we need to understand duration we need to understand the costing before expediting any job. Now, let us place it on this total curve, if we consider the normal time, and if we consider the minimum time. So, reduction in duration of a job cannot be carried out below a certain level this is fixed and their position is very very important. Now, if we see in the first case, if we are having a normal time of completion of this one, and this is the reduction or the minimum time up to which we can reduce or crush or expedite the job, then you can see the total cost is basically coming from this place to this place that means, there is a reduction in the total cost. Though there is some increase in the indirect cost, there is a there is sorry increase in the direct cost indirect cost, those things happen, but despite that our total costs are being reduced by going from the normal time to the minimum time. So, the total cost of this is reduced and that is why it is financially acceptable. However, if you look into the another set this one and this one where the normal time is this one, minimum time is this one, and if you are trying to shifting this one, from this place to this place this is basically increasing your total cost where normal condition it is there and the reduced condition or crushing or expedite condition it is there that means there is a increase in the total cost. So, this increasing and decreasing of the cost in the total cost is carried out by crushing or expediting the job. Basically reduction or increase in the day at cost or indirect cost is not important. Reduction in the total cost, reduction in the total cost is important for these cases. And it also may be possible suppose if you are considering for a particular job, this is the normal time and this is the minimum or reduced time, then what will happen initially the total cost is being reduced then it is again increasing, so that means, there is a particular point where we can achieve the reduced duration and reduced cost also. And in that context though it is not the minimum duration, but the cost is the minimum is this position that is the opt, considered as the optimum condition. So, the reduction in duration of a job does not guarantee the reduction of the cost, reaction may be increased the cost may be cost may be increased, cost may be decreased, but there is some change in the cost whether that cost change in the cost is acceptable or not that is a different point of concern. So, this is the understanding of the cost and duration and their impact on the project network. So, this is all for this lecture. In next class, we will try to consider about the examples of crushing or expediting the Thank you.

  Top Comments:
  1. @devkotwani7760 [1 likes]: all concepts cleared😁
Thank you Sir

- Project Scheduling - PERT/CPM | Finding Critical Path: Kind: captions Language: en Welcome to this video on finding the critical path on a project network. I’ll be working with this activity schedule for a project. I’ll be constructing a project network, doing forward and backward passes, determining the project completion time, calculating slack values, and finally, stating the critical path. I will be using this node convention here as you will find in Quantitative Methods for Business by Anderson, Sweeny and Williams. A here is the activity being described, and t represents the expected activity duration or time. ES is the earliest time the activity can start; EF is the earliest finish time; LS is the latest start time, and LF is the latest finish time without extending the minimum completion time of the project. I usually like to start with a sketch to make it easier when drawing the full network. Activities A and B have no predecessors so they can begin at start. Activity C needs A to be completed before it can start. D needs both A and B completed. E needs D, F needs C and E, and G depends on E. Since F and G have no successors, they go to Finish. So here is the network with the activity nodes, displaying the letters and times. So let’s do the forward pass. A has no predecessor so its earliest start time will be 0 or right away. Since it has 7 weeks to be completed, its earliest finish time will be 0 + 7 which gives 7. B also has an earliest start time of 0, and with and activity time of 9, it will have an earliest finish time of 9. Now C needs A to be completed before it can start. Since the Earliest Finish time for A is 7, then the Earliest Time C can start is 7. And with an activity time of 12 weeks, C will have an Earliest Finish time of 12 + 7 which gives 19. D on the other hand needs A and B to finish before it can start. Since the Earliest Finish time for A and B are 7 and 9 respectively, and D needs both of them to finish in order to start, then the Earliest Time D can start is 9. In order words, the highest of the Earliest Finish Times preceding an activity will be the activity’s Earliest Start Time. So D finishes at 8 + 9 which gives 17. E here has only one predecessor D, and so can start at 17 and finish earliest at 26. F has predecessors, C and E. Since the higher Earliest finish time is 26, F can start earliest at 26 and finish at 32. G also can start earliest at 26 since it has only one predecessor, E. And G can finish earliest at 26 + 5 which gives 31. Note here that although G is the last letter, it does not have the highest Earliest Finish Time because F has 32. So we say that the project’s completion time is 32 weeks. In essence, the project’s completion time is the highest of the Earliest Finish Times at the Finish node. Now let’s do the backward pass. Since the project completion time is 32 weeks, the latest finish times for the activities at the finish node, F and G, has to be 32. That is, F and G cannot be completed in longer than 32 weeks. Next we obtain the latest start times by subtracting the activity times from the latest finish times. For G, the latest start time will be 32 minus 5 to give 27. For F, the Latest Start will be 32 minus 6 and that gives 26. Now E has 2 successors, F and G. Their latest start times are 26 and 27 respectively. As a result, the latest time E has to finish has to be 26 in order for F to start. In essence, when doing backward pass, the latest finish time of an activity must be the minimum of the latest start times of its successors. Thus the Latest start time for E will be 26 minus 9 which gives 17. Now D has only one successor, E. So the latest finish time for D will be the latest start time for E, 17. And the LS will be 17 minus 8 which gives 9 for D. Activity C also has one successor, F. Therefore, latest finish will be 26 for C, and latest start will be 14. A has two successors, C and D. The minimum of their latest starts is 9. So the latest finish for A will be 9 and its latest start will be 2. Activity B has one successor, D, with latest start of 9. So the latest finish for B will be 9, and its latest start will be 0. The backward pass is now complete. Now slack for an activity is defined as how long the activity can be delayed without extending or increasing the project completion time. And it is calculated as LS – ES or LF – EF. So the slack for A will be 2 minus 0 or 9 minus 7. Which will be 2. The slack for B will then be 0, for C it will be 7, for D 0, for E 0, for F 0, and for G 1. Note, for example, that activity C can begin anytime between week 7 and 14 and it can finish anytime between week 19 and 26. Thus C can be delayed for up to 7 weeks and the project will still be completed in week 32. Activities, B, D, E, and F on the other hand cannot be delayed at all without extending the project’s completion time. So, for example if D is delayed by 2 weeks, then the project completion time will be extended by 2 weeks as well, from 32 to 34. The activities with 0 slack are called critical activities. And they form the critical path which is the longest path in the network. So the critical path here is B-D-E-F. And that’s it for this video. Thanks for watching.

  Top Comments:
  1. @joshemman [23 likes]: Project Scheduling in Excel: https://youtu.be/a1UFG1RFlFc
  2. @johncooper9584 [4 likes]: I've taught this technique in my project management classes for several years and have never seen it explained better. Well done, sir!
  3. @lailadean907 [1 likes]: Thank you so much for this video, it saved me so much time and effort.. God bless you Joshemman 😊
  4. @Bambi_Bathabile [1 likes]: You explained it so clearly. Thanks ready for the exam tomorrow
  5. @zarithevill [1 likes]: i like cp
  6. @Colaking5 [1 likes]: Dude, thank you—I feel like you explained it better than my MBA professor lol. I’m passing this exam thanks to you!
  7. @Sareza. [1 likes]: Thank you! The book I bought is so fking complicated, what tf is the author thinking?
  8. @ruthfabian6729 [1 likes]: Wow, so well explained
  9. @WithMe88 [1 likes]: Thank you for 2nd time
  10. @Rayankroot: FAQUE MAN, YOU SAVED MY LIFE
  11. @adhi7067: Thank you, understandable
  12. @kzenxxx: Exam in 3 hours
  13. @subxero6108: Thank you so much, best explanation by far
  14. @johnmalama6101: Exam in 30mins tryna review lol
  15. @ofunreiriobe995: This explanation is so simple to understand. It cleared my confusion, especially with the backward pass. Thank you
  16. @21312347: thank you its clear
  17. @zizom: absolute legend thank you.
  18. @NahlaIshfaq: Thanksssss
  19. @vanildasaw9585: what a perfect video!
  20. @rubynguyen6323: Can you explain about dummy activity? How we know how many dummy will have in the network

- Emotions and the Brain: Kind: captions Language: en-GB when we hear the word 'emotion', most of us think of love, hate, happiness or fear those strong feelings we experience throughout life our emotions are the driving force behind many of our behaviours: helpful, and unhelpful just where do our emotions come from? our brain is wired to look for threats or rewards if one is detected, the feeling region of the brain alerts us through the release of chemical messages emotions are the effect of these chemical messages, travelling from our brain through the body when our brain detects a potential threat, our brain releases the stress hormones adrenalin and cortisol which prepare us for a fight or flight response when we detect or experience something rewarding, such as someone doing something nice for you our brain releases dopamine, oxytocin, or seratonin - these are the chemicals that make us feel good and motivate us to continue on the task or behaviour in these instances, the feeling region of the brain kicks in before the thinking part sometimes the reactions of the feeling brain are so strong that it dominates our behaviours and we're unable to think rationally in the moment: our emotions hijack our brain while many of our emotional responses happen subconsciously, our thinking can influence our emotions and sometimes this can be unhelpful just thinking about something threatening can trigger an emotional response this is where we can manage our emotions with conscious thinking our emotions play a powerful role in the way we experience the world understanding and regulating our emotions through our thoughts and behaviours can help us take greater control of our brain, and achieve our goals

  Top Comments:
  1. @morin1997 [1 likes]: Always try thinking positive thoughts! Trust me, you won't regret that! :D
  2. @SamathaVipassana93 [1 likes]: This isn’t actually talking about emotions. I am a licensed trauma therapist for over 20 years. This video is about great and anxiety response which are specific emotions. You should make a video that actually talks about emotion’s or emotional regulation being the fear response as it isn’t our only emotion.
  3. @brp5497 [1 likes]: An untrained mind that clings to thoughts, feelings and emotions then makes stories based on them.  A story making factory.
  4. @TeaTreeTerrific [1 likes]: JESUS HELP ME
JESUS HEAL ME
I AM DYING OF PAIN

please lord let me die
I can no longer bear this hell that I'm in

my only prayer is for death and nothing else
I am trapped and tortured in hell 
with no escape

5. It feels impossible to make peace with the past 
recalling all I put up with 
and taking it out on those I love, 
especially because the past is the reason 
my life looks as it does...

6. Why is it so fucking impossible to succeed in my life? 
The reality of my life is hell. 
Most often I'm just being buried alive, and trying desperately to escape...

red hot white burning homicidal rage
and 999-trillion oceans of suicidal grief.

demonic torment in my mind 
affecting all areas of my life. 
this is spiritual warfare.

doors were opened 
through being abused and neglected 
and having my self esteem raped out of me, 
my whole life. 

- there's no escape from this hell that I'm in

- I am raped

- I've been suicidal my whole life

5. Rage and grief debilitate me. 
It's impossible that this hell is actually my life. 

6. I am paralyzed by terror and loneliness 
and trauma and longing. 
The emotional pain so intense 
and the darkness so all-encompassing, 
I feel I'm being buried alive!

7. Desperate for escape from the pain of the reality of my life. 
On every level in every way, I am raped. 
I don't stop sobbing.

grief and terror debilitate and paralyze me.
I desperately despair for true love, 
I long for it so deeply, I suppress it so much, 
I could literally faint from the desire...
I am nauseous from the suppression.

how in the actual hell do I make peace with the past?
my past made me who I am.
my life is the way it is: because of my past.
my past tortures torments haunts and rapes me.

how to escape?
how to heal?

red hot white burning homicidal rage
and 999-trillion oceans of suicidal powerless grief
suffocate and fill me.

the intensity of my loneliness and my desire and ache for true-love 
are all-consuming.

how to heal from the rape of my soul?

I desperately want to die

I want nothing else

I AM RAPED

I want to die
I am raped

my life is hell

all I do is suffer

there's no escape

"For we wrestle not against flesh and blood, 
but against principalities, against powers, 
against the rulers of the darkness of this world, 
against spiritual wickedness in high places." 
- Ephesians 6:12

Suffering from severe c-PTSD 
and obsessive intrusive thoughts. 
Sadness, frustration, guilt, shame, 
heartbreak, grief, rage, loneliness, 
depression, desperation, hopelessness, overwhelm. 
I pray for Peace of Mind 
and healing of my soul and heart.

I want to be loved
cherished
adored
worshipped
needed
desired
protected

I've never had this

45 years old 
and I've never even had anything close to this

my soul yearns

my heart aches

my flesh obsesses
  5. @lovinglighthouseecs9836 [1 likes]: Emotion = energy in motion!  We get in habits of creating the same reactions therefore the same emotions. ❤❤
  6. @TeaTreeTerrific [1 likes]: Please pray I am able to manage/control my blood sugar. 

So I can have normal/healthy blood sugar numbers. 
I want to be healthy. I pray to permanently reverse the diabetes. 
I am so panicked, the numbers lately, have been so scary high.

*************************************

I am raped
I am caged in
I am a prisoner to the past
red hot white burning homicidal rage
and 999-trillion oceans of suicidal grief
consume every cell of me

************************************

Dread and red hot white burning homicidal rage: in my gut, 
low level anxiety and ALWAYS: a lack of safety, 
yuck and despair in the pit of my stomach, wish I could escape, 
wish I were not thinking/feeling anything.  
NOT Enduring suffering.
(But it feels somewhat comforting that everything I'm feeling 
is probably/possibly/maybe what some of y'all are also feeling?)

**************************************

prayer for an open heart, a mended heart, 
a healed heart, a restored heart, 
and a mind at peace. 

for removal of any and all obstacles and blockages
that may be in the way 
of self-love and twin-flame love.

****************************************

I am one with the Divine. 
God is in me. All around me. Always, all ways with me.
I am a Queen: daughter of THE MOST HIGH; King of kings.
I experience, peace, love, bliss, euphoria, ecstasy, happiness, contentment, and joy. 
Constantly and consistently.
I experience everything as miraculous grace. 
I understand the deeper truth of suffering. I am truly FREE; on every level, in every way.
I am at peace. I honor the Divine within me.

*******************************************

🕊 
Remember to love yourself extra 
when looking at that version of yourself 
in the time of making those mistakes. 
You were learning. 
Now that you know better - 
BUCKLE DOWN ON THOSE BOUNDARIES. 
DON'T BE AFRAID TO SAY 'NO' 
AND MAKE SURE YOU TRUST YOUR WORTH AND YOUR GUT. 
BEING TRUE TO YOU, WILL STRENGTHEN YOU. 💖

**********************************************

I don’t want to be friends with people who are nasty to me. FUCK 'em.
I want to be friends with people who are kind and loving and respectful towards me. 
Who have the same values and interests that I have.
It’s amazing how easily this line/boundary can seem to blur 
when you’ve been conditioned and programmed 
not to be in touch with your own preferences, needs, wants, hopes, wishes, desires etc.

Ever cleaned out a closet? 
As soon as you start pulling everything out, 
the mess spreads out into the room and even(tually) into the whole house...
It gets worse before it gets better, 
but it’s the only way to get that space clean and clear...

**************************************************

Steps to FREEDOM and not giving a fuck -

★ identify/know your priorities/values and LIVE THEM OUT LOUD
★ stop seeking validation/approval 
★ say no
★ set boundaries/radical honesty ALWAYS, ALL WAYS
★ embrace discomfort/do the damn thing
★ detach from outcomes
  7. @monserratroberson2920: I agree with this argument because it acknowledges that emotions serve as a vital data source for our intellect. Relying solely on cold logic ignores the human element of problem-solving. I see this in my own life when I feel physical anxiety before giving a speech; recognizing this as a survival response helps me consciously engage my prefrontal cortex to regain calm. By balancing these two forces, we achieve a more sophisticated level of intelligence that allows us to navigate the world with both rationality and empathy.
  8. @SirajAhmed-y9n: Beautiful ❤❤
  9. @joycegoes266: Shana kutul don't give up. Give up means fear. To give up means fear. So don't give up
  10. @ShekhMasir-o3l: This explanation was so smooth it needs a theme song.
  11. @ShekhMasir-o3l: I’m honestly speechless, so impressive!
  12. @TheCindyHolmes: This is one of the clearest explanations I’ve ever seen on how the emotional brain and thinking brain compete for control. The idea of an “amygdala hijack” finally makes sense — and it explains so much of why we react before we think. The reminder that conscious thought can interrupt that cycle is incredibly empowering. Thank you for breaking this down so simply and elegantly.
  13. @alexiajoselynhernandezespi553: emociones el cerebro
  14. @csabakeresztes3057: I believe in order to really master your mind and emotions, you need to go through an evaluation process and deeply let go of any thoughts, patterns, beliefs, memories that control you in a negative way. Things that can push you unwillingly around. I am referring to insecurities, grudges, fears etc. Once you can be in the space of your mind and body comfortably, and observe any thoughts, any emotions rising and being able to hold the space for them without judgement, forcing or needing to change it, you have arrived.
  15. @ambrosia9: AN AGENCY ATTEMPTED HOMICIDE MALPRACTICE OF A CHILD IN 1984 WHILE TAKEN ADVANTAGE OF FIRST TIME PARENTS IN 1984. THEY WOULD WEAR TINY INNE EAR REMOTE DEVICES FROM THE COVERT RESEARCH AGENCY WHO STAGED COORDINATED INFLUENCED BAITED AND ARRANGED A TRIGGERING EVENT TO INFLICT THE MOST HARM AND TRAUMA BY THE SADISTIC AGENCY.


** the agency who is familiar with the victims history due to their involvement in the marital affair of a married man. This does not show proper activity by an agency who attempted to murder a child at 6 years old then scapegoats their intentions through non-confrontational techniques using remote tiny inner ear remote communications**

 HOMICIDAL INTENTIONS THAT INVOLVES CONSTANT SURVEILLANCE AND STAGING TO TRIGGER A SERIES OF THOUGHTS FOR OVERWHELMING TRAUMATIZING RESULTS. 

* the motive by this agency was in early activity overseas in 1984 which provides insight to the criminal intentions of todays activity that involves the same resources to continue the original abuse which began on Weistmesiter Elementary Clark Airforce Base Philippines .

 SUBTLE THREATS BY A COVERT AGENY WHO COLLUDES WITH THEMED MEDIA AIMED IN FORMING A ATMOSTPHERE OF PARANOIA BASED ON PERSONAL PREJUDICES FROM THOSE WHO PARTICIPATED THE RACIST ACTIVITY OVERSEAS IN 1984.

THE ACTIVITY BY U.S GOVERNMENT INTELLIGENCE IS INTERNAL CRIMINAL BEHAVIOR BY PRE-MEDITATION OF MALPRACTICE KNOWLEDGE TO INFLICT HARM THROUGH THE USE OF FEDERAL RESOURCES AND AGENCIES.

* sending a request and its fulfilled by other departments or personnel is an accomplice to the the harm that is inflicted by those who receive the resentment and prejudice of internal federal staff*
  16. @yvettemrogers7979: Emotions come from trying to live a life some one tells us to live.
  17. @piceamariana: When a child cries it benefits most from a motherly feeling, not from having other baby cry with him - this just creates more stress for the child. When a demon barks, tranquillity and counteraction is needed to stay calm in the face of it,  no benefit from overstimulating, distracting and further distressing with external dog barks. Then it becomes extremely hard to problem solve, especially when the situation calls for the need to be half in half out
  18. @DeuryMota-c1z: I pray I never get nothing like that in my way
  19. @DeuryMota-c1z: I am not a cute guy but many times I am looked like one and I hate that I am looked like a cute guy
  20. @DeuryMota-c1z: I hate emotions I don't like girls who try to make me feel shity I also don't like the way many people look at my face to try to see if I feel some way

- The Power of Not Reacting | Stop Overreacting | How to Control Your Emotions: Kind: captions Language: en You can do a hundred things right but it takes only one thoughtless reactive action to destroy it all. As we grow spiritually we must attempt to enter into a state of non-judgmentalism and be more unconditional in our capacity to be more loving, tolerant and forgiving of others. Think of how many friendships and relationships with loved ones have been lost, damaged or permanently destroyed within a second as a result of being reactive. Especially never speak in anger. Redirect your speech in prayerful and meditation. Words are so powerful. What you say can never be erased. It becomes Akashic record. It will follow you to infinity it will even hurt your personality and your reputation. Use your words to heal uplift build and bless everyone. Do not use your words to divide and destroy others. Sometimes when you want to react wait. It is important to practice the spiritual art of waiting. Because so much more is revealed in time, and this leads to positive spiritual transformation. Look back over your life. Remember a time when you reacted and later realize that waiting would have been better for you and everyone else. By taking time for ourselves we allow Divine intelligence to work on a subconscious level in ourselves and in others so that we may be shown what to do next. The process of not reacting is a spiritual practice that develops your awareness. It makes you more conscious and open to listen to the voice of Divine wisdom causing you to see things from a broader perspective. When you're more conscious your character starts to change. A conscious person is more compassionate. Happiness is not possible without self-discipline. Every situation in life is a platform where you get to experience the quality of your consciousness. For us to operate from a place of pure consciousness we have to be completely free from all negative conditioning, all complexes all unhealthy likes and dislikes, prejudices so that we may have absolute neutrality. All situations we are faced with happen in order to provide us with opportunities for growth and learning. They prepare us for things that may happen in the future to ourselves or others. In the present moment these things cannot so clearly be seen. By not reacting we allow ourselves to enter more into a neutral space of our own divinity. Then it becomes clear in time why things unfolded the way they did. We must keep in mind that the Creator always reveals His vastness and infinite wisdom to mortal minds over time. The same way you must always look at the action of a true spiritual master over time. Above all it is important for us to work upon ourselves constantly in order to ensure that in a moment of forgetfulness we do not become reactive and hurt anyone who has done something that according to a mortal perception is seen as being wrong or having caused us frustration or anger. Our perception of reality can change our reality and through our words and action we can change that reality for others as well. If we choose to see sunshine then that is what we will see and we will not give power to the dark clouds that loom to spoil the day. If we choose to focus on a negative aspect of everything then negativity will penetrate the way we see everything. If we choose to go through our challenges with a smile on our face then our challenges will never have a chance to cling to us like mud. When through a lack of consciousness we choose to give the power of our good feeling and of all joy to someone else who is excessively critical then we allow our good feelings and joy to be clouded by their negativity and as a result of giving away our power we spiral down and down into the mud. Do not allow an overly critical person to make you feel negative. Some overly critical people often have unreasonably high expectations for their own accomplishments and personal behavior. Most of them are smart, talented and effective. Sometimes they are so set in their ways that their narrow mindedness causes them to constantly complain and look down on those who do not share their limited view of life. If someone is criticizing everything that others and you are doing, maintain your sense of positivity and do not allow them to pull you in their negative storm. Never accept another person's reality as your own. Do not identify with another person's opinion unless it makes you a better person. Do not place too much importance on other people's opinion about you unless it makes you a better human being. One of the great laws of spirituality is that one must be the most severe judge of oneself and the most understanding friend to others. We always have to remember when we quickly judge or criticize anyone we don't even know what severe troubles a person that looked better off than ourselves has been through in the past or what silent sorrow are hidden behind appearances. We don't even know what brutal trials may await them in the near future that we may or may never know about. Life is full of so many difficulties even for those who appear to be well-off. The more conscious we become, before trying to see the faults of others, we must work hard at discovering their qualities or everything that can bring us closer to them, everything about them that we can help develop, so that it may blossom like a beautiful flower spreading its healing fragrance to uplift its surroundings. Life is truly what we allow and make it to be. Train your mind to see the good in every situation. No good has ever come out of reacting. Karma is action and reaction. We only create further undesirable karma when we react. Reacting prevents us from controlling our reality. Think of your circumstances as a test of your spiritual character. When we react we are operating from a low frequency and everything that we do from a low frequency has a ripple effect that pervades every aspect of our actions. When we act from the low vibration of being upset, emotional, angry or fearful that low vibration goes on to influence everyone we interact with. In essence you are transferring that low vibration on to others. When you lower your vibration you are no longer a force for good because in everything that you are doing you are causing pain. When we do not operate from a high vibration everything that we do leads to pain. Therefore it's important that we give ourselves both time and space so as to gain the strength and wisdom that we need to be neutral and create a platform that can give birth to healing actions. The best way to get light is by learning to resist reacting and the best time to resist is when you feel like you're on the verge of reacting. When you're about to react stop and use the power of your breath to bring your mind under control. For example, inhale to a count of 20, hold the breath to a count of 20 and exhale to a count of 20. Continue for a couple minutes until you have your mind under control. Always remember that the mind always follows the breath. The breath is the king of the mind. When you control your mind you control your reality. During the day we are faced with many opportunities to react which are actually opportunities to accumulate light. Every time you resist the urge to react you are collecting light and your willpower is strengthened. The spiritual practice of not reacting will give you strong willpower, self-control and calm confidence. When you control yourself you can control the events of your life and direct them in a way that is harmonious. You are no longer a victim of circumstances instead you become the creator of circumstances. Indeed, if you can control yourself you can control the forces of nature. If you cannot control yourself you cannot control your reality. In other words, when you can prevent yourself from reacting you can control the events of your life. You can redirect them positively. If you cannot control yourself and your reactions then you cannot control the collisions of your life. Every time you prevent yourself from thinking, feeling, speaking, acting and behaving negatively you are increasing your light. The same is true for resisting the urge to say something negative even about yourself. What you say about yourself can make you or break you. The words we speak are creative. They are creating every aspect of our lives on a daily basis. Words are expressed thought and it is the nature of our mind to condense thought into form. Not reacting allows us to develop the capacity to expand our perception in order to embrace the totality of life. Life is 1% seen and 99% unseen. The 1% that we can see is a limited and false reality, whereas the 99% can only be seen when we go beyond the five senses. The paradox is that most people rely 99% of the time on the 1% they can see. Sadly, our false self, our body of pain, is preventing us from accessing this rich and limitless aspect of life that makes up the 99% and as a result we are left to experience only 1% of life, fraught with limitations and struggles of all kinds. The truth is our life is a reflection of our consciousness. We get what we are and we see things the way that we are. We see things through the distortion of our filter, through our body of pain. When we give in to impulsive behavior we create more problems for ourselves. Reacting causes us to become victims of our false self. We need to prevent ourselves from becoming a slave to our body of pain. As we align ourselves with the forces of light we must do our best, even in time of frustration and anger, to see the light that exists in the darkness and follow it. We must hold on to a positive way of looking at every event or situation and to look back in times of darkness and count the miracles and the blessings that we've received from our lives; the blessing we've received from the sacred wisdom, in order to see how far we have come. It is important to be tolerant and act with grace. By acting with love and grace we heal the person who needs to be healed, including those who are associated and directly connected with that situation, and those who may not even know that they need healing. A good way to overcome any resistance is to always act in consultation with your own divinity and intuition. Apply your humanity, your compassion and your carefulness as you stay present and find the perfection of God in each moment and with the help of prayer use these qualities to restore harmony. We must appeal to the higher angel of our nature. As we surrender to this great work we should not forget that we may at times be challenged, especially if we are to grow and become the perfected beings that exist inside of us now as potential. We must become examples through which obstacles of the most complicated kind can be resolved through our commitment to tolerance compassion and spiritual transcendence. We must acknowledge in truth the true temptation of the body of pain and how to transcend it. We have to develop healthy ways of using our ego to do the right thing as opposed to reacting from our false self. We must align ourselves with the divine so that we may become an extension of the creative presence on Earth. True love removes suffering and brings joy and happiness. The healthiest form of change always transpires through the process of evolution and not revolution. We must take into account the law of love and evolution as we create change. The law of love must be applied throughout all changes. Remember love makes everything easy faith, makes everything possible and hope makes everything work. Unconditional love makes it possible for us to rise beyond the false self so that we may penetrate the hearts of all those we interact with. The truth is our perception of life creates our reality. By choosing to direct our thoughts, our feelings, our words, our actions and our attitude consciously and positively we can transform and improve everything around us. Now let us practice this short guided meditation which will prevent you from reacting. You can do it at any time especially when you're about to react. Let's begin. Inhale deeply, hold the breath and mentally repeat the divine command: "let there be light, let there be light, let there be light." As you exhale slowly mentally vibrate: "let there be light before me, let there be light behind me, let there be light at my left, let there be light at my right, let there be light above me, let there be light beneath me, let there be light in me." Repeat this simple practice for three breaths. To end, inhale deeply, hold the breath and exhale calmly. Remember this is a simple divine command that will prevent you from reacting, for light is the principle of perfection. For more information, visit Rootlight.com.

  Top Comments:
  1. @UnLikeU [3 likes]: Ganster saying 19:38 Love makes everything easy. Faith makes everything possible, & Hope makes everything work. DANNNNNNNNNNG GINAAAAA... 💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪
  2. @theresachung703 [1 likes]: Thank you Dr. Levry. I come back to this so often
  3. @Ascending_Leo816 [1 likes]: I haven't heard this for a year and this is such a great grounding tool for not reacting into the anger and pain.  ❤
  4. @SummitPreservation: How to do this when you and your children are constantly under attack by the narcissistic delusional psychotic mother and family court
  5. @dianacontreras743: Dr. Levy.  What to do with those people (family or close friends or business partners) when they judge us, Critize us, make fun of us.   We don’t react ok.   But do we need to support?  Distance and loneliness is the answer?  @drlevry
  6. @wayneevans5547: Bad  reactions are self harm and weakness with in one's soul we are life
  7. @annamariaattard7854: If I don’t react I’m scared I will eventually lash out in a more aggressive way because of pent up frustration. Does anyone feel the same?
  8. @EbefrenRevo: The power of "sleep, marry, reproduce, stay asleep, don't think, stay under control"
Have you ever seen They Live ?
In times like these is the time of REACTING
  9. @bethingram964: Thank you, truly
  10. @jt.8144: Just smile and walk away.
  11. @arbaazkhan326: Song?
  12. @Tj36-q4b: Yes!!! Starting right now
  13. @MeeraRaju1111: I could listen to this beautiful humans voice all day. What a beautiful video. Thank you ! Namaste 🙏🏻❤🙏🏻
  14. @JamesTrouten: Yes Sir
  15. @sallybasi2689: Please God help me learn how to be calm. 
How to not have angry thoughts when someone did me wrong . I’m so exhausted
  16. @klanderkal: This has described me exactly.  I would always react without thinking.  And i can see how my life was completely devastated.  It was because of my own fault.  I lost everything i had.  My marriage,  then i was ousted from my sport i compeated in, then i lost all my investments,  then i lost my career job... i tgen lost my mind.   All because i reactive negatively to situations.  All i had to do is not respond. Just stop.. and relax, and wait.. for i can see the positive side of the situation or possible outcome. 
Now, i lost everything.  I have Anxiety,  insomnia,  severe depression... alone,  homeless and angry at myself and life.  I wish i learned this earlier!!  I need help.. is there anyway to recover from the damages ive caused myself,...   😢
  17. @Tatyyy89: To anyone struggling with toxic traits… we got this!! We found ourselves in the same comments because we continue to actively improve ourselves and I know I’m sick and tired of losing out on friends and relationships because “I can’t control my emotions” or because I’m “too impulsive”. It sucks that I lost people throughout the way but I thank god I still have ME and my daughter who I so desperately want to be a better person for. Sending you all LIGHT, harmonious vibes and may God guide us and heal us internally 🤍🙏🏼🤍🙏🏼🤍
  18. @RohitKumar-ig8jo: What n sweety!!!
  19. @Peacefully_Relaxed: 20:56 meditation ❤
  20. @NDAsDontCoverIllegalActs: People that don't want you shining light on their years of abuses will tell you you're overreacting when that's precisely the response any rational being would and should have.

- Emotion, Stress, and Health: Crash Course Psychology #26: Kind: captions Language: en Did you know that astronauts in space have a hard time communicating without words because their weightless bodily fluids make their faces all puffy and hard to read? Have you heard that Botox can actually improve your mood, and not by smoothing wrinkles but actually by easing depression? Or that this "come here" gesture is common in the US but is considered so rude in the Philippines that it could actually get you arrested. Yeah. All true! Emotions and the ways we express them are strange and powerful things. And emotions aren't just ephemeral psychological phenomena, they affect our bodies and our health. Because so many emotions have a certain contagious quality, our feelings and the behaviors they drive also affect the minds, and bodies, and health of those around us. This is true whether your emotions of the moment are of the feel-good variety. Or not. The powers of both positivity and negativity are stronger than you may know. Lots of studies have shown that people with a positive outlook on life tend to live longer, more fulfilling lives than their mean and grumpy neighbors. Fear, anger, and other more difficult emotions and how we handle them are pretty closely related to this thing called stress. And stress is so powerful that it can straight up kill you in any number of ways, given the right opportunity. For better or worse we spend a lot of our lives swirling around like leaves on the winds of competing emotions. Before we can hope to harness these feelings, we first have to understand them. [Intro] What do you think this person is feeling? How about him? And her? What about this one? It's not really hard to tell, is it? Most of us are better than we think at reading non-verbal cues and subtle expressions. The understanding among some, but not all, psychologists, like emotion expert Paul Ekman, is that facial expressions are culturally universal. So a Greek, Britain, American, Samoan, or Nigerian would all be able to discern the same basic emotions; happiness, sadness, disgust, anger, fear, and surprise, just by looking at your face. And our expressions don't just communicate emotions. According to the Facial Feedback Hypothesis, they can help regulate our emotions, too. The act of smiling broadly, even if you aren't happy, can actually lift your mood just as scowling can lower it. This is how, bizarrely enough, a recent randomized controlled clinical trial suggested that a little Botox injection in the forehead might actually lessen depression. 'Cause it's apparently hard to feel down if your frowny muscles are frozen. Of course whether your face is paralyzed or not, some people are better at reading your emotions than others. For example, introverts are usually better at interpreting people's feelings, while extroverts are often better at expressing them. And you've probably heard embarrassing stories or even experienced first-hand how different cultures express emotions through particular gestures that are far from universal. For example, in the United States, this is a peace sign, but you don't want to flip it around in the UK. And the iconic thumbs up gesture means "good job" in many cultures, but if you toss that thumb around in Greece, well let's just say you won't make any new friends. But of course emotions involve a lot more than making faces and hand gestures, they're also about our conscious experience of what we're feeling. So how do we actually feel all these feels, and how many different emotions are there? Back in the 1970s, American psychologist Carol Izard identified ten distinct basic human emotions present from infancy on. They are: joy, surprise, sadness, anger, disgust, contempt, shame, fear, guilt, and interest or excitement. Others have since suggested that "pride" should be added to that list, and still others believe that love should be classified as a basic emotion as well, but Izard has argued that these and other emotions are just familiar combinations of the classic ten. Today, some psychologists describe our emotional experience as using a 2-dimensional model. The idea there is that any of the emotions you might feel while, like, reading Harry Potter or something are expressed on a spectrum, and as a combination of valence, roughly speaking "good" or "bad", and arousal--excited or not excited, basically. So if you're feeling both really excited and super positive when Harry finally bested Voldemort, you could say you were elated. On the other hand, if you're at that part in Deathly Hallows when Harry, Ron and Hermoine are just sort of wandering around on the lam in a heavy mood, maybe your emotions fell more on the opposite side of the spectrum. In this instance, feeling depressed might be a combination of negative emotion and lack of excitement. So potentially every emotion can fall in degrees on this 2-dimensional scale. Like being terrified means you're more frightened than if you're just scared, just as being enraged is a more extreme form of anger than simply being mad. These polarities--positive versus negative, high arousal versus low arousal--affect our psychological states, and therefore our bodies as well. Because, you'll remember that what is psychological is ultimately biological. And when it comes to the physical effects of our emotions, it pretty much goes the way you might expect. Happiness is helpful while chronic anger or depression makes us vulnerable to all kinds of problems with health and well-being. The good news is that if we're angry or sad, we often over-estimate the duration of our bad moods and under-estimate our capacity to adapt and bounce back from traumas, even if things feel hopeless, depressing, or stressful in the thick of it. And we've all experienced stress before, sometimes on a daily or even hourly basis. Much like anger or joy, stress can slowly build and simmer, or it can strike suddenly and with great intensity. And yeah, stress, certainly the chronic or extreme type can be bad for your health, but defining stress is trickier than you might think. Psychologists would define stress as the process by which we perceive and respond to certain events, or stressors, that we view as challenging or threatening. In other words, stress isn't technically an emotion, it's more of a reaction to a disturbing or disruptive stimulus. And our reactions stem in part from our appraisal of that stimulus. A person can either roll with, or get worked up about a missed flight, an increased workload, or a strange thump in the house. These external stressors typically fall into three main categories: catastrophes, or unpredictable large scale events like war, natural disasters and terrorist attacks; significant life changes, things like moving, having a child, losing or getting a job, or the death of a loved on; and then just everyday inconveniences like getting caught in traffic, running late, or feuding with your roommates. Any of these stressful events, big or small, even the good things, can fire up your sympathetic nervous system and trigger that old fight or flight response. In this way, it's important to understand that stress is ultimately natural. You experience it for a reason and a bit of short-lived stress can actually be a good thing. It can make you active and alert when you need to be, like an upcoming chemistry test might be stressing you out, but that might help you find focus so you can dominate that thing. And in your body, moderate stress can kick the immune system into action to do things like heal wounds, and fight infections. It does this by triggering the release of stress hormones like adrenaline and cortisol. These chemical messengers are what get your organ systems to respond the way you need them to when you're getting charged by a bear, or focusing really hard on the gas law for your chemistry test. But to also why chronic stress can really wreck a body and mind, research has shown that abused children have a high risk of chronic disease and people suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder, PTSD, which we'll talk about in an upcoming episode, experience higher rates of digestive, respiratory, circulatory, and infectious diseases. A lot of these negative connections between your body's systems have to do with the fact that many of its most basic functions, like blood pressure, breathing, body temperature, digestion, and heartbeat, are in part regulated by the autonomic nervous system. We've talked before about how the sympathetic side of that system cranks you up, and the parasympathetic arm calms you down, but both those systems also interact with the so-called "brain-in-the-gut", the enteric nervous system, which helps regulate gastrointestional functioning. And it's this brain-gut connection that explains how stress causes digestive problems, because when that werewolf pops out of the bushes and a wave of cortisol washes through you, your body wants to focus its energy on sending blood to your muscles so that you can react quickly. Which is good, right? But it may do that partly by shutting down digestion or decreasing the amount of digestive secretions and making your colon spasm; an anxious mind can lead to an anxious gut. Stress is an even bigger risk factor in North America's leading cause of death: heart disease, because it contributes to increased blood pressure, heart rate, and cholesterol levels in a number of different ways. Essentially, when your stressed out nervous system is redirecting all of its energy sources to your muscles and brain, it pulls flow away from your other organs. And one of those organs is the liver, whose job includes removing the fat and cholesterol from your blood. So basically, when a stressed liver can't filter properly, that extra fat and cholesterol ends up circulating in your blood, which can settle around the heart. Don't believe me? One study monitored the blood cholesterol and clotting speed of 40 male tax accountants throughout the year, and it found that their cholesterol and clotting rates, and thus risk of heart attacks, increased dramatically during the weeks before tax day as they stressed out about finishing their work. And physiologically speaking, it's worth pointing out that some close relatives to stress, when it comes to their effects on the body, are pessimism and depression, which also have been linked to stress and heart disease. Many types of studies have found that people characterized by their optimism, happiness, love, and positive feelings often live significantly longer than their grumpy, dour counterparts. Researchers don't quite know exactly how chronic negative emotional states influence health, but it may be some combination of lifestyle or behavioral factors, like neglecting your health, or not taking your heart meds when you're feeling blue, or social factors like the way the depression can be isolating and thus prevent others from helping you out. Or biological factors, like increases in certain kinds of inflammatory proteins released by the immune system in response to stress and sadness. So in the end, while stress may not directly cause disease, you could say that the two walk hand-in-hand. In that way, it isn't a stretch to say that chronic stress can kill, so go ahead take a deep breath, feel your emotions, appreciate them, but don't let them run your life. Today, we talked more about how our emotions work and how we use facial expressions to help us communicate. We also looked at the 2-dimensional model of emotional experience and how anger, happiness, and depression can affect our health. We also discussed what stress does to your nervous system and how chronic stress can damage the functioning of your biological systems. Thanks for watching, especially to our Subbable subscribers who make Crash Course possible. To find out how you can become a supporter just go to subbable.com. This episode was written by Kathleen Yale, edited by Blake de Pastino and our consultant is Dr. Ranjit Bhagwat. Our director and editor is Nicholas Jenkins, the script supervisor is Michael Aranda, who is also our sound designer, and the graphics team is Thought Cafe.

  Top Comments:
  1. @BeyondBitter [31 likes]: here nearly a decade later prepping for a test lol
  2. @kaitlinborncampcpantp1250 [6 likes]: “What is psychological is ultimately biological”. THIS. This is overlooked by most of the mental health content out there. We need to support our brains as organs.
  3. @UnlockTheePsyche [3 likes]: I didn’t realise how much I normalised chronic stress until learning how deeply it affects the body. Mind blown!
  4. @JDsMotivationHealthChannel [3 likes]: Stress, anxiety, and depression are caused when we are living to please others.”
—Paulo Coelho
  5. @michaelcain9324 [2 likes]: This may turn out to be the most useful crash course video I’ve ever watched. Thank you..
  6. @IsabelWendel [1 likes]: <3 thanks really nice summary :)
  7. @AKLKB-f3x [1 likes]: 😊enjoyed this video
  8. @JonahHam-wk3qg [1 likes]: 2:15 got me so good!
  9. @sssabrinalima [1 likes]: how did u know about my chem test ?!!!
  10. @Qwertyuiop01234: I didn't know that stress hormones like adrenaline or cortisol can affect to the immune system and there was a fun fact that when your stressed out your nervous system could redirect all of its energy sources to your muscles and brain
  11. @praptimazumder7408: Thanks❤
  12. @TheStoicBeacon-TGG: I loved how you connected Stoicism to daily habits. Could you discuss the Stoic approach to navigating burnout in high-pressure environments?
  13. @5forHealth: Stress is very harmful to health, work and everything.
  14. @healthtalk2023: This video is a fascinating dive into the complexities of emotions and how they affect our health and interactions. It's intriguing to learn that astronauts' puffy faces in space make non-verbal communication challenging, and that Botox can potentially ease depression by freezing frown muscles. The cultural differences in gestures, like the 'come here' gesture in the Philippines, highlight how emotions and expressions vary globally. Understanding these nuances can help us better navigate our own emotions and those of others. Great insights!
  15. @zohakhan4149: Man , hats off to u
  16. @lifes__event: ❤
  17. @shekharroy3302: Thank you for sharing your great thoughts ....... lots of love from Planet Ayurveda
  18. @edangenetfeleke1053: Dear Brother, I have big respect for all your effort but you are running and couldn't follow your lesson properly, please please please don't be run try to consider all types of learners !!!!!!!!!
  19. @fluffybbpeachhun6768: What do you mean?! I am Filipino and I never knew that unless the person was rude.HALIKA RITo! (???)
  20. @fluffybbpeachhun6768: And actually knowing things.

- Why you’re an emotional sponge and 5 Tips for Better Boundaries: Kind: captions Language: en - Hi I'm Dr. Tracey Marks and I make mental health education videos. Today's video is talking about how you can take on other people's emotions and how to stop doing it. And this is based on a viewer question from Kelly and she says, "Hi Dr. Marks. "I don't know why I always seem to attract "emotionally intense people. "I get overwhelmed by them and then I shut down "and don't have anything to do with anyone. "So now, I don't have anyone in my life. "I don't know why I end up with these people. "How do I stop doing this?" Thanks Kelly, for your question. I would start out by saying on the issue of attracting these people, I think you should see the attraction as a two-way mirror. There's something about you that makes the intensely emotional person want to be around you and handoff their emotions to you. But there's something about them that draws you to them and allow you to tolerate their behavior. Now what I'm going to say is not aligned with any specific theory of being an empath or highly sensitive person. Those are terms that have been researched and defined by others and have specific meanings to them. What I'm talking about is my opinion based on general psychodynamic principles. I think one of the reasons you absorb is having a low emotional intelligence. Emotional intelligence is the ability to recognize and manage your own emotions and recognize the emotions of others. With high emotional intelligence, you're able to distinguish between your emotions and someone else's. Making that distinction is really important if you don't wanna take on someone else's emotions and make them your own. To recognize your emotions, you must have a certain degree of self awareness. And it's one thing to recognize that you feel bad. But bad is vague and non-specific. You can feel ad because you're angry, insulted, bored, or feel empty. And all of those emotions are very different from one another but can be put under the umbrella of bad. So at any given time, if you're not clear on how something affects you, it's easy to take on the emotions of someone else and assume what they feel. Then, once you assume that other's person's emotions, you have trouble managing it on your end. Here's an example. Suppose you're taking a break at work and you're sitting at your desk watching a funny TikTok Video, your coworker, who you consider a friend, comes up to you and starts ranting about how she's so angry because her boss gave her a bad review and she didn't get her raise. So she doesn't see how anyone can work in this place with this kind of boss who doesn't care about anyone. And she doesn't know how long she's gonna stick around at this place. Two minutes ago, you were laughing at the dog video you were watching. But now you feel overwhelmed with anxiety about your position at work. Should you stay in this job? Is it even a a safe place to work? Later on that night, you have trouble sleeping because you may fear you may lose your job. Now no one told you that your job is in jeopardy. But you just have the sense that maybe it is. Back at work, your friend settles down and you even see her laughing with your boss about something. So your anxiety subsides and you start to feel that all is well. And things start to return to their usual. But you still lost a couple of weeks of poor sleep and feeling anxious. Now part two of this scenario is that this person is your friend and when she got this bad news, you're the only person she ranted to, probably because you're the only person who would listen. But if you're someone who doesn't always know what you feel, or doesn't feel strongly about things, at some level, you may be attracted to people who have strong, clear opinions. It's not a deliberate process of saying to yourself, I don't know how I feel so I feel whatever you do. Instead it's an unconscious process, meaning that it's beyond your awareness that helps you deal with your own emotional uncertainty by assigning someone else's emotions to yours. It's unsettling to feel vague about how something affects you. And it's reassuring to have someone who's more resolved about how they feel, swoop in and show you how to feel. And this is an automatic process that happens like a reflex. And what's the evidence for that? The fact that you keep attracting people with strong emotions that overwhelm you. You have to be drawn to them in some way. Another reason you may be drawn people with strong emotions that overwhelm you is being a people pleaser and needing to fix people. If you don't wanna disappoint someone, it's easy to take the handoff when they present their intense, negative emotion to you. Here's an example of this. Suppose your partner tells you that he had this horrible thing happen to him where he felt exploited in some way, like people were taking advantage of him. And then he explodes about it and then storms off. You're left standing there feeling upset about what happened to him and you feel bad for him. Nevertheless, you have plans with your girlfriends to go to the movies later that evening. So you start to get dressed and he asks, "Where the heck do you think you're going?" You remind him that you have plans with your girlfriends. He explodes at you about how could you even think about going out with your friends after what he's been through. If you cared anything about him, you wouldn't be able to go have fun. You think, gosh, I guess that is pretty insensitive of me to go our and have fun when he's so unhappy. So you cancel your plans. So to find something to do 'cause he stormed off in a room by himself, you binge watch something on Netflix and fall asleep on the couch. You see him the next morning and he says he didn't get a wink of sleep all night and he doesn't believe you really care about him because how could you even sleep so peacefully after something like that happened to him. The rest of the day, you feel awful and think, maybe you don't care for your partner as much as you should. You convince yourself that you're insensitive and you wish you could be a better person and you start thinking of ways that you could be a better partner to him. In this example, the people pleasing part of you puts up with his need to see you suffer so that he can feel validated. In fact, you don't see it that way. You really buy in to his assertion that the evidence that you care about him is that you take on the same emotion that he has and experience it for as long as he does. And as long as he's unhappy, you should be unhappy as well. But because you don't wanna disappoint him, you accept this assertion and own it. This scenario works a little differently for the person who wants to fix or help instead of please. So the same thing happens. He comes home and tell us about his upsetting experience that he had and you feel pain for him. He doesn't need to tell you not to go out with your friends because you're not in the mood anymore. You're so upset that you can't see yourself having fun with your girlfriends or if you do go, you spend the whole time with your girlfriends talking about his situation and how horrible those people were to him. Even if you don't take his side on the issue, you've taken on a project of healing him. And you're gonna heal him through your love. But while you're working to heal him, you're also experiencing the emotions as if it happened to you. Now these are not the only reasons that you can be an emotional sponge. We just looked at two reasons. But let's look at what you can do about this. The first thing is to increase your emotional intelligence. You start this by increasing your self awareness. In a previous video, I talked about getting into the habit of being specific about what kinds of emotions you're experiencing at any given time. I created these emotions cards to help expand your vocabulary when it comes to identifying general emotions and being able to make them more specific. You can download these cards from my website at MarksPsychiatry. The second thing you can do is stop and think about whether what you're feeling is coming from you or is it because the way someone else felt? Is the negative emotion you're experiencing something that was handed off to you by someone? Did you only start feeling this way because the person you care about felt that way. And keep in mind, it's not always bad to empathize with someone and react the same way they did. That leads to the next thing that you can do, which is learn to manage your emotions so that they don't overwhelm you. And there's many ways to do this. One way is to practice mindfulness meditation. I have a video on managing negative emotions that includes a mindfulness exercise that helps you observe anger in a neutral way and accept it and let it pass. So the idea is that you don't have to run away from every negative emotion that you see coming. But you wanna be able to build an emotional force field around you that allows you to be in the presence of negative emotions, observe them, interact with them but keep them from piercing your soul and taking over your thoughts and behavior. The fourth tip would be to ensure that you have proper boundaries between yourself and others. Sometimes this is as concrete as having a physical distance. So in this example that I had of the co-worker yelling at you about her experience, in that situation, it may be helpful to push back and let there be more physical distance between her and you. And it sounds very basic but it really can make a difference. Watching someone rant from a distance is an entirely different experience than having them rant right in your face. It's as if the further away they are, the more that you can keep what their experiencing separate from you. If they get too close into your personal space, you can lose sight of what's theirs and what's yours. The last tip has to do with the need to save people. And there's different reasons you may do this for some people, it helps give them a sense of control. You can take control of the negative things and make them positive. It could also be a way to distract from your own pain by focusing on someone else's pain. For some people, they need a damaged person to fix as a way of making themselves feel validated. So there's lots of motivations behind the need to save people and it can get complicated. But suffice it to say that if you notice this pattern with yourself, it's worth taking a step back and reflecting on what you're getting out of it. What's the payoff to you to change the way this person thinks or to make all negative things positive? And I'm not talking about trying to save your child from experiencing the pain of growing up. I'm talking about a pattern that shows itself, peer to peer with your adult relationships. Alright, that's it for now. I could go on, but I don't wanna overload you. But if you haven't gotten enough, check out this video on dealing with negative emotions. See ya next time.

  Top Comments:
  1. @jesss1962 [2 likes]: Damn I started hearing this 
And now I feel like I’m the drainer 
But the weird thing is that sometimes as a couple we talk to each other about stuff even if it’s bad. But this video is making me feel and think maybe I shouldn’t tell anyone anything
  2. @Mobby74 [1 likes]: First time ever I've heard 'force field’ outside of Star Wars 😅
  3. @LightInOrdinarylives [1 likes]: This was an amazing session and topic. Setting boundaries is very important; it begins with being self-aware.
  4. @fionaginsbury9633 [1 likes]: I was told once that i had low emotional inteligence by someone who dumped on me the information they had sexual feelings. 

Is what your feeling others emotions or you own. So much my relationship with my father.
  5. @yvesc.4857 [1 likes]: Dr. Mark's personal contribution to society is absolutely exceptional, many many thanks to her🎉🎉🎉❤
  6. @LadybugBelle44: Detach, observe and respond (don’t react) this takes self awareness and healing codependency and attachment issues
  7. @jalenwilliams4448: Hey maybe this has been asked before but as a black man in America sometimes I find myself being internally reactive to micro aggressions or straight up aggressions 
How do I relieve that stress of feeling not safe almost ever
  8. @KaminiWood-itsauthenticme: Being an emotional sponge can be exhausting, but learning to set clear, healthy boundaries really changes everything. Small shifts can protect your energy and bring more balance. 💛
  9. @Myster-Man-Channel: I just realized recently, I grew up in a household where it was the women's jobs to regulate dysregulated, badly behaved men. As a women, I've now been doing this for 40 years and it's destroyed every relationship I've ever had, regardless of the man I've chosen. I now realize I HAVE to stop bc I lose myself when I do this and it's unsustainable.
  10. @NestoriHuuskonen: Why would they not just die?
  11. @Serendipitousbeliever: The one you're talking about at 6:34 seems very pity party woah is me. I probably would've said hey you can have the place tonight and do whatever you want. If they say why can't you stay cause you're not happy I had plans and pouting is something I would rather do alone free to do whatever I want at home it's easier to throw a fit than have the person you love suffering through your own misery. Also depends on those circumstances too like grief or something of that nature. Then say before you leave to go out that you will come home and cuddle them by the end of the night. Healthier response to things. My recent therapist said that I needed to come up with a list on how to deal with boundaries and friends or partners.
  12. @goofy-z5l9p: Yes not only I notice that pattern in relationships that do that. I also notice that pattern in very highly toxic environments where it's common for people to actually live that way in their culture search for people to dump their self issues and problems on  another person on purpose uuuugh.
  13. @dianne7824: Stay calm, know what you know. Validate how the other is feeling but you do not agree if you think he or she is being nasty.  Be kind but have your boundaries. They will learn and respect you.
  14. @bbyangel333: Idk your vibe comes across as kinda bossy 😂 and telling folks who are highly empathic that they have “low emotional intelligence” is pretty backward and icky. I don’t think this video was helpful for empaths at all and doesn’t get to the root of  people just being sensitive 🤷‍♀️
  15. @KathyBGood: Not my circus, not my monkeys!
  16. @keh4700: "What's the pay off to you in making the negative emotion positive" or whatever? SO little to nothing now. It was only when I was trapped with them. Once I got that I could kick people out of my life whoo hooo. Bye Felicia.
  17. @fionaginsbury9633: This is such great insight! Wow. I have been minipulated by the psycologists in the family. At least one is a Pedofile!
  18. @dariuszglabik4558: My girfriend literally was practicing mindfulness before bed  30 minutes at least I come home tired want to do sudoku like I always so before bed and  she seems okay. Abd suddenly she ask me am I mad .. i tell her I'm not mad 😅 and she telling me you sound mad.. you dismissing me  and I'm telling her we barely talk in the last 40 minutes how am I sounding mad I just ask you about meeting tomorrow it's 9 o'clock i need to rest . She kept saying that I'm dismissing her and don't care about her emotions ..  this is repeating  more often  it's seems like more mindfulness she do it's making her more insecure about her emotions but to some point I don't want to here that so I drew boundary i said  if you think  that I'm responsible for your emotions I'm not  i do my best you  need to vent your emotions in different way not on me. I was around that at that point I just saying I'm leaving to conversation because you blaming me for how you feel  when Imt not really at fault
  19. @michaelkyaw1700: 💜🙏🙏🙏❤️.   Thank you
  20. @georgeriddell9356: This isn’t a doctor

- ADHD and Emotional Dysregulation: What You Need to Know: Kind: captions Language: en Hello brains! Did you know ADHD affects our emotions? Like, all our emotions? :::intro music::: I've always been told I was "too sensitive;" I cry easily, I get excited easily, and my mom deserves some sort of combat award for surviving the emotional storm that was me growing up. Turns out what creates this emotional roller coaster is something called emotional dysregulation, and it's a big part of how ADHD affects our lives, but I didn't know that because - The DSM, which is what doctors use to diagnose ADHD, doesn't even mention it! Inattention, impulsivity, hyperactivity... Nope! Which is kind of weird if it's such a big part of ADHD Right? Well, there's a story behind that and it's super interesting. Wait for it... Cool history stuff! :::glass breaking:::: :::helicoptor engine and wind sounds::: That looks fine, it looks fine. :::cool HISTORY stuff intro::: Basically, ADHD is nothing new. It's gone through a bunch of name changes over the years but the symptoms have been documented as far back as the late 1700s and the trouble with emotions we tend to experience has always been a part of its description - until the 1970s. What happened in the 1970s? Researchers get serious. Understandably, they wanted to focus on the aspects of ADHD they could measure in a lab and emotions are kind of hard to measure in a lab. Based on their findings, the first official DSM descriptions of ADHD were born and even though later evidence of emotional dysregulation kept showing up in ADHD research it was kind of too late to add it back in. But the understanding of ADHD is improving all the time and whether it ever makes it into the DSM or not it's now understood that there is a connection between ADHD and emotional dysregulation. More research needs to be done, but for now this is what we know. Those of us with ADHD experience normal emotions. As in, it's totally understandable that you got upset when that person insulted you - most people would - but the way we feel and respond to those emotions can be more intense and last longer than it does for neurotypical brains. Why? Even though we experience normal emotions, our brains have trouble regulating those emotions. The ability to regulate our emotions is what allows us to calm down and make good choices when something gets us worked up. Sounds simple but emotional self-regulation is actually a pretty complicated four-part process and it relies on stuff the ADHD brain tends to have trouble with. First, inhibition, as in not impulsively reacting to an emotion. Not super easy for those of us who are naturally impulsive. In fact, according to Dr. Russell Barclay, the more generally impulsive we are, the more emotionally impulsive we are too. And with that kind of impulsivity, we may not even make it to the next part. Two! Self soothing - the ability to calm down that initial emotion. Most of us do have ways to self-soothe, but they're not always healthy. Three. Refocusing our attention - literally the exact problem that we yeah, yep. Moving on. Four. Responding in a way that makes sense based on our goals. This shouldn't be too hard, right? We just have to remember what our goals are, then be able to remember what the other person said, what we wanted to say, how it worked out for us the last time we responded that way, consider all the different variables in this particular situation, and then predict the possible different outcomes based on those responses and then choose the best action that fits with our goals! Actually, that's a lot for somebody with ADHD We have limited working memory. This kind of trouble with emotional self-regulation is obviously a problem for things like anger and frustration and that's a lot of what gets us into trouble at school, work, and in our relationships. But ADHDers experience emotional dysregulation with other emotions too. Sadness, happiness, even fear. It can affect us in ways we may not even realize. As in we are working on an important assignment and someone we like texts us! The excitement makes us respond to the text, forget about the assignment, and five hours later that assignment isn't done! Even though it's A) really important and B) due tomorrow. Is emotional dysregulation all bad? I don't think so. Personally, I love feeling and expressing strong emotions. I get excited easily and for the most part that makes me pretty fun to be around. And I love hanging out with other ADHD brains for the same reason - we're passionate, interesting, expressive people. Besides emotions are a good thing, they communicate to us. They motivate us. Me acting impulsively on my emotions is the reason this channel exists. But for those times when emotional dysregulation makes us not so fun to be around or gets in the way of our goals... What's a brain to do? Well like any ADHD symptom emotional dysregulation varies from person to person and even from situation to situation, so first it helps to figure out when and how it is getting in the way of your goals. A great way to do that is to use an emotion tracker. You can create your own or use this one which we link to in the description below. Basically, when you have an emotional reaction pay attention to it. Afterward write down what happened, what you felt, how you reacted, and the consequences good and bad of that reaction. No judging! This is for informational purposes only. Try to have a sense of curiosity about it. "Wow, when I put off studying completely I feel really guilty and embarrassed, but when I work on it even a little I feel better, huh." "I totally get angry and defensive every time my boss points out that I'm late." "It does not work out well for my diet when I offer to buy everybody donuts." Pretty quickly you should start to get a sense of when your emotional reactions are getting you into trouble or throwing you off your goals. The good news is there are plenty of strategies that can help. I'll go into some of those in future episodes, and I've linked to some great articles as well. But even better news, just the act of noticing your emotions can help you slow down your emotional reactions. So you have time to decide how you want to respond instead of just reacting. It's called mindfulness and according to research it works. That's it for this week. Give it a shot! Let us know how it goes. Of course if emotional dysregulation is really getting in the way of your life it can help to work with a therapist. Cognitive behavioral therapy, or CBT, in particular is great for those of us with ADHD. Special thanks to Patrick for being an amazing research consultant and suggesting the emotion tracker. Thanks to Alex Pastusco for creating an actual combat award that you can print out and give to a heart in your life! There's two links in the description below one like mine and the other one that you can fill out yourself. You know what you did. And of course thank you to my brain advocates and all my patreon brains. Because of you, Edward and I are able to work nearly full time on these videos, and they're really making a difference. Follow me on Facebook and Twitter. Like, subscribe, click all the things and I will see you next week. Bye brains! Question time - LLMYouTube asks - are there any tips you can offer for ADHD people who are trying to organize their thoughts for things like writing essays, etc.? Yes! I have to write these episodes every week and it is really hard for me to organize my thoughts as well. So before I even start to write I do a brain dump. Just put everything you think might be helpful on the page without worrying about the order or anything, Literally, as it comes to you write it down. Like just dump. Blah. Once your ideas are on paper it's a lot easier to organize them than if you're still trying to hold them in your head. I usually do a brain dump first, outline second, then write. That's my process. Hope it helps. You can also try things like mind mapping which we'll go into in future episodes...

  Top Comments:
  1. @CristinaPerez-ic8uc [1 likes]: I hate your voice. Be normal. Talk normal.
  2. @MikiaMartin-l6l: I get angry easily cry easily have a hard time paying attention  it don't  show not at least I am dealing with somebody like a friend that makes me mad I text here thearting text messages I have. Hard time do more than one thing and I can sat down for a long time but I have a hard time doing something that requires a lot of attention but it don't  show I have emotional adhd I have to brain dump
  3. @baggydude7582: Sometimes i just give up talking about it and try to cope on my own, i hate my diagnosis most of the time.
  4. @gingie43: Its bad. My daughter is so angry! Shes 18. No friends , no sibling interaction and is unkind. How u help that.
  5. @-siranzalot-: Glad for you that you seem to enjoy it, but I don't actually like my overdrive emotions. I'm well aware of them, even as they happen, but I can rarely do anything about them. Even though I'm (mostly) out of the woods for now they have also landed me in a severe depression which made my life come to a grinding halt for almost two years. It sucks that it feels like I am in a passenger seat sometimes and just have to stand by while I watch my brain ruin my day or my whole week because someone said some near meaningless thing to me which wouldn't bother the average person for more than 2 minutes.
  6. @EwelinaWu: How is this doable for adhd (emotional yawn tracker)?
  7. @86crud: Do you think that the people who they used to call “neurotic” actually had ADHD?
  8. @maddiehansford4941: "We just have to remember what our goals are" me: 👀
  9. @lexandan: Sounds like me when I try to keep attention and in the middle of my words I doubt it and aware of something else 
Chester could tell more but here's me again like robbin williams, and multiple answers at once
  10. @ceciliahentkowski6928: Can you make a video regarding how emotional dysregulation can be impacted in postpartum for women with adhd?
  11. @Josiahwellner-m5h: 0:12 I cry to
  12. @McGMumof3: QUESTION FOR YOU: Do you medicate? Myself and my children are on medications and I'm wondering if we should be....
  13. @DissTopia-o7p: ADD sucks the big one, big time
  14. @Mousechannel5: 2026 anyone?
  15. @Dr.Ham_longsword: Ah yes the "good parts" are only good if your a woman lol. Strong emotions positive or negative as a man is instantly frowned on
  16. @carolclaus2491: My brain is chasing bunnies before I can even start evaluating what to do next….😳
  17. @ewcik2711: Like for a person who gets overwhelmed easily and searching formyself help this cheerful clip did not help😅
  18. @alexandreachislum216: Now I always don't feel comfortable sharing certain emotions but it's due to being bullied for a lot of my life so I'm wearing tonight share because people take advantage of people who have ADHD I think sometimes and we're kind people we're nice and loving and people take advantage of people like us
  19. @alexandreachislum216: I really do begin excited too easily My emotions are loud and I have a big personality than being calm does make me sad and make you think there's something wrong with me a lot of times and I'm like I just want to be a normal adult I like when I go in places when it's regulated I'm like wow this is calm this is peaceful
  20. @DukeOfLA: I'm not sure why ..but as someone with autism ..I get along the best with those with ADHD ..I like the extremes .. compliments me

- YouTube Monetization Explained: Highest Paying Niches, CPM vs. RPM, and Insider Tips: Kind: captions Language: en so did you know that where you live determines on how much money you make on YouTube what are the most profitable topics on YouTube why is my ad Revenue going down the content in your videos can drive your CPM down so how does YouTube monetization actually work why do some creators make more money than you in this video we're actually going to be defining some key terms we're going to be talking about what is CPM what is rpm and some new updates to how YouTube pays creators and we're also going to be talking about the seven things that influence how much money you earn on YouTube plus the seven most profitable Channel topics According to some research and really this is going to be a deep dive training so buckle your seat belt and I'm going to be revealing how much money we have made at think media over the past 90 days and some of the insights we've learned from the different types of content that are paying the most and so let's first Define how YouTube pays creators once you get approved for the YouTube Partner program after getting 1 000 subscribers 4 000 hours of watch time in a rolling 12-month period period or if you get 10 million shorts views in 90 days you can qualify plus having a thousand subscribers then you qualify to apply for the YouTube Partner program once in you can start earning money and the first calculation of how you earn money on YouTube is CPM stands for cost per Milli and it's really cost per a thousand Impressions Millie is a thousand I believe in like Roman days or something like that and so it's the cost The Advertiser needs to pay on YouTube for every a thousand Impressions their ad receives on on a video now an impression doesn't mean they've clicked through on the video it just means that the ad was actually seen there's an additional type of CPM though called playback based CPM so rather than calculating the cost an Advertiser pays for a thousand Impressions playback CPM calculates the cost and Advertiser pays for 1 000 video playbooks uh backs where the ad is displayed so the let's simplify what is CPM CPM is basically the amount of money an Advertiser is willing to pay to advertise on your videos and this varies by industry and we're going to clarify some of the highest paying Industries all the different details and to be clear this is the total amount of money that YouTube collects from a business or a brand that pays to advertise with them before there's any kind of split and so it's being measured by a thousand Impressions and thousand video views and it's also I think important to know that just because let's say you get a thousand views it doesn't mean an ad actually play sometimes people use Adblock blocker YouTube doesn't always Force ads to play even if you check every box of monetization it doesn't mean an ad will play so without getting too much into the weeds it's just if you're ever like well I got you know 100 000 views shouldn't those all count towards monetization well if it's playback based it means that actually The Advertiser is playing when their ad is actually displayed so then there's a second term like what's the difference between CPM and RPM well if CPM is how much money YouTube gets total so let's say a brand is like I'm gonna give you a hundred dollars RPM is how much money you the Creator get so YouTube typically they say is going to take 55 percent or rather actually we'll hit these numbers later and we'll actually maybe reveal why this isn't true but what YouTube says is that YouTube will pay 55 of net revenues to creators so they take 45 you get 55 we're going to dispel some myths later because I actually don't think that that is true um but uh you let me know if you're watching the video version of this podcast in the YouTube comments what your experience has been in terms of like how much money you earn but let's break it down CPM is the let's say YouTube the the YouTube collects a hundred dollars from a business well then they would pay the Creator let's say 45 of of that transaction or it could be 30 or 50 or 60. but your RPM is how much represents the amount of money you've earned per thousand views so RPM is kind of the more important number in a way both actually are worth measuring but RPM when it really comes to to being able to pay your bills pay your mortgage you're going to need the money you actually collect not just the money that YouTube collects you're going to need YouTube to get some money from a business and then they're going to give you your cut and your cut is what you can actually deposit in the bank problem with RPM though is that RPM is actually based on several Revenue sources and I don't know if YouTube did this to mess with us but it can be kind of confusing because it is YouTube ads that would be the clearest but it's also Channel memberships it's also YouTube premium Revenue it's also super chats and it's also super stickers now it's kind of nice to think media is these are not really income streams we lean on we don't do Channel memberships we do earn YouTube premium revenue and that so would it everybody who's monetized it just means viewers that have YouTube premium ads are not being served to them you pay for YouTube premium to avoid ads I'm a YouTube premium user so when I watch YouTube videos every video I watch if it's monetized gets a cut of the pool of YouTube premium Revenue I know are we geeky yet buckle your seat belt because we're really getting into the weeds here but this is a deep dive training and so the problem with RPM is you could be like oh cool my RPM is really high well if you're getting super chats you're getting Channel memberships in my opinion it kind of dilutes the number like I want to know what I'm just getting in the ads relationship and I would love to just separate out these other streams of Revenue so here's a question how much are creators actually earning and Business Insider did an article this will be a range and we're going to talk about why this could be higher and lower I know we have an international audience different countries different demos they earn different amounts of money but here's what Business Insider revealed and these were RPM metrics creators said they got paid between 1.61 cents and 29.30 for 1 000 views on their long form videos that's a big range and that's the RPM that's how much they actually earned so depending on the niche for the topic 29 is an insanely high RPM and 161 is not even necessarily terrible but is obviously on the lower end and depending on the niche or the quality of the content it could be even lower let's try to simplify some things bottom line if you ultimately were earning two dollars per a thousand views and you got a million views and they were all monetized you would earn two thousand dollars if you had a two dollar CPM you would actually YouTube would take like half of that and you'd get the other half of it so you get it like RPM is how much you keep CPM is the total amount that you share with YouTube so if you had a thirty dollar RPM and you got a million views you would make thirty thousand dollars so these things really matter obviously in terms of how much is possible to earn and the questions are how do we increase this and what are the best types of content now in this Business Insider article they also discovered that shorts make a lot less money and the average there was creators were earning between four cents to six cents RPM for a thousand views and we've experienced that at think media we earned six cents for a thousand views at think media that's our RPM on our shorts but our RPM on our long form videos is much higher and so in just a second we're going to get into the seven uh ways that uh seven things that affect CPM RPM how to raise it we're going to get into the most profitable niches but let me reveal some numbers that only I know and these are just think media numbers at the time of recording the think media podcast episode that we're doing this is January 2023 through almost the end of April not quite the end of April there's five or six days left okay so when I set a date range inside of my YouTube analytics it'll fluctuate these numbers this is a way to measure it so I actually was able to go back and look at what January February and March and the RPM changed every month but this is then when you use your YouTube analytics you set a date range I set a date range for roughly three months on our think media channel in 2023. our videos had an RPM of 7.98 so for every 1000 views that's how much we get to keep on our videos and fan funding during that entire time was only like a hundred and fifty dollars because remember if we had like a lot of live streaming and super chats with something we really focused on um or there was even Channel memberships so that those numbers are not really mixed with any any other income streams that's all just the amount of money we're earning from ads on our videos our shorts during the last 90 days earned six cents and our live streams had an RPM of 15.27 now disclaimer I don't think that's because I don't think the lesson there is that live streaming inherently pays more my prediction is from what we've seen at think media that when I go live with like deep dive trainings that are also that very educational and they're about YouTube making money online uh very tactical and I think they attract an audience that's probably similar to you someone that's smart you know wants to learn uh serious you're not just looking for fluff entertainment if you're listening to this deep dive about CPM versus RPM so apply the insights to your Channel or test it how you will but that's pretty legit so when I go live and then the replay values of my live streams are good and they're long that's maybe helpful as well because they could be closer to an hour there's multiple ad spots but even that being said it wouldn't necessarily mean the RPM is higher it just mean that more ads are served so that's it around eight dollars per um for videos around six cents for shorts and 15 for live streams was think media over the last 90 days now watch this CPM over the last 90 days was 20.49 so as I'm able to look I'm looking at think media the reason I like CPM in terms of studying things is just to understand hey what's the channel worth it's not what what our cut is but it's like what is our content worth what is the value of our content what are advertisers willing to pay to advertise on our content and it doesn't necessarily mean advertisers are picking out to advertise on think media although they could be they're they're looking for a particular demographic Maybe particular keywords um they're they're that's a it's a bidding Marketplace that advertisers pay to get in front of certain audiences and so because it's a a bidding Marketplace things get bit up supply and demand competition so think media in the last 90 days was worth 20.49 but now let's kind of do the rough math if we only earn eight dollars RPM then we earn 39 and YouTube earned 61 percent now I've been in the YouTube game for a while as far as I'm concerned to me that doesn't seem to be that YouTube will pay me 55 of net revenues apparently I'm getting paid 39 of net revenues now if you're watching this or especially if you if you're listening to this um it's you can't really comment on the audio platforms but if you're watching this leave me a comment because maybe there's something I don't know if you're from YouTube I'd love to understand this more but and by the way I'm not I I ain't even mad about it but we earned 39 according to my horrible math probably and YouTube Took 61 percent so when they say this and they say this on the Google page that when you turn on ads YouTube will pay you 55 of net revenues for ads displayed or streamed on public videos on your videos so that's long form content not shorts okay or just normal videos not shorts so there you go and and that's how I come to that conclude I look at what our CPM is I look at what our RPM is and if you're like well I'm making like 80 well is your RPM mixed with Super Chat super stickers YouTube premium Revenue that's something to consider and ours really isn't and so let's go a little bit deeper but before we get into some of these tactics and tips but here's also in the last 90 days where our money came from I'm going to give you the total this actually might have been four months January February March April that's actually four months to be clear like five or six days short of four months for all of these numbers okay fan funding we earned 150 dollars not a lot of super chats or anything that's all it would have been maybe people doing the thank yous and we never ask for them and we really don't go live that much okay shorts feed ads so this would be the proper ads playing in the shorts feed over four months on our content 1197 YouTube premium four thousand two hundred and eighty dollars watch page ads your standard in-stream ads on normal videos 151 098 dollars so in think media's case our normal videos with our close to eight dollar RPM that's where the game is in terms of making real money from YouTube ad Revenue the total for almost four months and 20 to 23 for think media was 156 727.21 not too bad so um and as you can imagine you know it's a good money but think media is also not a solo YouTube Creator anymore we have multiple creators editors helping now graphic design so it is also kind of important for a channel like ours that's if you could imagine the same kind of content or the same kind of numbers or the same kind of reach uh I don't actually have the amount of views that we got in that time forgive me because that would be interesting as well but at least gives you kind of an idea CPM RPM and so um let's talk about then ultimately what influences how you could raise your CPM remember that's not how much you get to keep but nevertheless let's make that Top Line number as high as possible and you can't affect the percentages in the middle right the RPM like how much YouTube's going to give you a cut I don't I can't think of one activity I could do but if I can get a higher CPM meaning what advertisers are willing to pay then YouTube is going to distribute whatever they want to me and the caveat for this whole thing is why I 100 recommend you monetize in other ways other than ad Revenue like if you haven't watched our free class at thinkmasterclass.com you definitely want to diversify your income that's actually why I'm not mad about it creators probably are a lot more angry about some of these things like wait a minute I didn't get 55 why is this going up why is this going down you got to take your destiny into your own hands you cannot put the keys to your kingdom in the hands of YouTube ultimately nothing but love and gratitude for this free platform for the opportunity to reach people for all of the cool technology upload 1080 4K content 8K content you know Reach people YouTube's amazing and I don't think we should ever we should feel grateful not entitled but I think where a lot of anxiety comes is if you only rely on YouTube ad Revenue it's going to be hard to sleep at night even if you're really successful because it can be hot it can go up and down but nevertheless 156 727 is a big piece of um maybe not even a big piece uh it is a significant piece of our think media ecosystem so how can we grow our CPM and how can you increase the CPM on your YouTube channel number one the geographic location listed on your channel so did you know that where you live determines on how much money you make on YouTube some countries have larger economies than others and that abundance translates to YouTube now actually by the way vidiq did a cool article and that's where I pulled these seven things and combined it with some of my other research I will admit that you might feel limited by okay well my country pays a lower amount of money but my Studies have revealed that it's actually where your audience is a little bit more than where your actual channel is listed like for example what if I started going nomadic and I started traveling the world and I'm uploading in Thailand and Vietnam and Australia and I'm just traveling but think media is based in the United States maybe it's where your channel is started but the big key is where are your viewers and what is the economic spending of your viewers in fact what who advertisers want to reach but number one is geographic location of your channel number two is the age of your audience advertisers want to be where money flows so what is their age think about this in terms of their buying power and then their buying Behavior not only how much buying power do they have how much disposable income do they have and what is their buying Behavior this is why you might say well I wish rich people watch my content on YouTube are you creating content that attracts affluent people this is why getting clear on your target audience and reverse engineering the kind of content you create is key and advertising ultimately is about getting the right message in front of the right people that take put on the shoes and put on the spectacles of The Advertiser the brand or business that wants to reach a target audience would they want to advertise on your channel and besides your channel topic in terms of the quality of your content or who you're talking to or who's watching whose attention can you hold who's respect can you hold it's the challenge of like you as a 20 year old life coach you may not actually be influencing a lot of 40 and 50 year olds they just might not trust you to coach them on life which is fine it would be just being aware of okay the content I'm creating who's it actually influencing now if you were a 20 year old curator of financial experts like Warren Buffett and Charlie Munger and you you are doing a faceless channel the audience consuming that content might be people in their 35 and above 45 55 that want to learn tips on investing and therefore you're getting paid more because you're talking about personal finance because advertisers want to get in front of people that are watching that content so there's different ways to look at okay who's watching my content what's the geographic location what is the age of my audience three what is your YouTube Niche or industry so what are the most profitable topics on YouTube now there are many and there's a lot of opportunity but there was some research done by a creator that discovered seven niches that make the most money and here they are Health business investing auto reviews real estate insurance and online marketing and this data was collected by studying cpms and different niches across Russia the US Canada the UK Germany Australia and India so global deep dive study what are the highest cpms health business investing auto reviews real estate insurance and online marketing so what are the most profitable topics on YouTube now if you were trying to financially position your channel to have the greatest Advantage it would be smart to pick a high-paying industry not just for CPM perhaps but because of brand deal sponsorships and other opportunities it doesn't mean however though that you'd have to be in one of those seven I think you understand that but it could also speak to the financial upside or lack of upside at least in terms of how much you're going to make from ad Revenue so one of the questions that you should be thinking is how much is how much are businesses willing to pay to advertise to this demographic if you think about it if it's auto reviews someone's actually going to buy a car and if it was a loan product of some kind perhaps or if it was Insurance of of something like that like these that would be a lucrative audience to advertise in front of it might be harder to sell Auto Insurance on a mine craft playthrough video so again that's the thinking we want to develop and so think about this what products are being sold to this audience if you're selling Medical Services to Baby Boomers they need a lot more Medical Services medical and Health Services are incredibly expensive think about cancer treatments so sometimes the cpms of of the health industry can be 50 60 80 100 plus people that are doing Investments or getting loans to Gen X so now we're combining just age and Industry what about SAS solutions for business owners SAS stands for software as a service what about luxury cars what kind of content has an audience that would purchase luxury cars and then what about fast fashion and drugstore makeup what kind of content maybe does have a high margin business still but it's more like even if it's more affordable products fashion makeup what about app downloads to Gamers with in-app purchases maybe that's not as much of a high CPM but it's a massive reach so typically if you go into something like luxury you have smaller amount of buyers a smaller audience but a higher value and then on the flip side if you go into something like gaming or mobile gaming you have millions and millions and tens of millions of customers potentially but maybe the amount you're earning the CPM per view and even the economics of the app itself it's a one-to-many play it's a digital good it's in-app purchases so they're willing a brand is willing to their cost of acquiring a customer is a lot lower than somebody that is the cost of acquiring a customer for a retirement home or for a cancer treatment number four seasonal changes in your Niche or your industry if you're ever wondering why is my CPM going higher or going lower if you're ever concerned about man why are why is my ad Revenue going down on YouTube one of the things to know is that it does fluctuate through Seasons which is out of your control in fact there's many external factors some certain Seasons it just goes down there's also times when advertisers spend more they spend less there's times when the US government was printing insane amounts of money and the whole stock market and businesses and everything was just getting absolutely inflated and so everything inflates during a season like that unless you are Jerome Powell and you work at the fed you can't really influence that so so there's certain seasonal things and then certain niches go up or down so perhaps in January you have a fitness channel or health and it's related to somebody thinking New Year New You and lots of people want to get in front of them at the end of December and the end of January with Health Products because people are thinking diet they're thinking lose weight they're thinking get fit they're thinking productivity they're thinking goal setting and so you your content might go through the roof during that time um and then there's maybe other times where by February March people are like I gave up on my diet I gave up on my goals I gave up on my productivity I gave up on my fitness um and so cpms are going down and it's out of your control I have a tech channel right think media talks about cameras tech and during Christmas or even pre that you go Black Friday Cyber Monday our ad Revenue usually uh not only usually always is high towards the end of the year as it's that season where a lot of people have sales holiday sales so that's number four number five the types of ads placed on your videos when you get monetized and you upload a video you can say turn on ads and then you can go into monetization and you can check boxes of the type of ads you want played on your videos we typically and sometimes by default I think just all the boxes are checked but a key here is you could for example say I never want non-skippable ads played on my videos have you ever watched those like you have to watch the full 15 second ad or the full 30 second ad I never want that um I only want skippable what I've learned is I just check them all because what I've also learned is they just don't always play like YouTube is curating the viewers experience they want to push ads to make money because that is how YouTube owned by alphabet the parent company of YouTube and Google that's how they make money but they also don't want to spam people so many ads that they lose Goodwill and it's probably attention that's constantly being managed that's just why non-skippable ads are not always playing or it's up to YouTube basically so I just check all the boxes but here's a key um I went into the last about four months of think media and close to 80 of our ads were skippable video ads and six percent were non-skippable and six percent were display ads and four percent were bumper ads and four percent were non-skippable ads and so the way you see this is you go to analytics Revenue watch page ads which is how different ads make money and if you say Sean why does this matter or what should I do to influence this I would say probably nothing I would I personally would just check all the boxes and let YouTube do its thing and focus on making your next best video but the key is that different ads pay different amounts number six made for kids content if you check the box that this content was made for kids and if the content was made for kids you should check the box a couple years ago YouTube was fined 170 million dollars for violating the children's online Privacy Act this law states that websites can't collect personal information from users under 13 years of age so that means that if you have a kids channel it essentially means that you're going to make Less ad Revenue so YouTube isn't allowed to collect personal data from most children or from children and as a result those views are not going to be as targeted as other views what does that mean it means that users that are over 13 you've probably seen this all the websites you're going to all your activity on Google all the other watch history of videos you're watching everything you're doing even other data about you through all kinds of different tactics Google knows a lot meta knows a lot about maybe how much money you make roughly or what your habits are the know a lot about you right and it's a whole privacy conversation but what the law states the children's online Privacy Act is that businesses are not allowed to collect that information about people under 13. okay so if that's true all these advertisers are willing to pay a hundred dollar cpms to reach Baby Boomers because that are maybe even of a certain economic level to get a certain medical solution in front of them cool kids they go okay we know these are children but that's all we know like we know they're under 13 so it just does not command as high of cpms so the bottom line is just like you if your content is for people under 13 you should check the box that this content is made for kids but if you have a kids channel that is a factor that could be driving your you YouTube CPM way down and don't sweat it I know that could be stressful I wish the world was different wishing things were different than they are has turned out to never really be much of an effective strategy I think you just kind of embrace the reality or should I not do a kid's Channel well that's up to you but if you can put out great kids content you could get millions and millions of views you could still make good money if you put out great kids content I I hope blippi is checking the box for made for kids because I think it is and obviously it's a pretty crazy case study but blippi's got he's got the fake blackby you know that guy have you seen him like it's not the real blippi I happen to be a blippi expert now that I have a two and a half year old you've got his blippi's YouTube channel not only blew up he hustled he started building it but then you've got action figures you've got Biz Dev you've got Netflix shows now you have blippi and Mika you have all of this he scaled an Empire well you can build your Empire as well so remember that CPM is not everything and ads are not everything building a brand becoming known at the end of his episode he goes let's spell it out together if you're ever looking for more blippi let's do it b l i p p i like my son doesn't even know how to spell or letters or words and he knows how to spell blippi and find him on my Smart TV like branding right and so even if your CPM is driven down because of kids content it's okay we're gonna be okay you can adapt and create the ideal strategy for your YouTube business model your target audience however these seven things could be very helpful for us right for making informed decisions about our content in the future number seven how safe are your videos for viewing the content in your videos can drive your CPM down so there's an article that Google has out of what content is not suitable for ads or will result in limited or no ads when it comes to monetization so there's two things that could happen if you have questionable content in your videos number one ads are just disallowed completely or number two they're limited or no ads which typically tanks your you might make it instead of making 10 or 20 grand a video for big creators they'll make two grand significantly throttled amount of money so here are some of the main topics that are not Advertiser friendly and this is not even an exhaustive list but it's quite a bit of things so these things can drive down how much money you earn from YouTube inappropriate language violence adult content shocking content harmful or dangerous acts hateful or derogatory content recreational drugs and drug related content Firearms related content controversial issues sensitive events incendiary or demeaning content tobacco-related content and adult themes in family content so the summary there is PG PG-13 family friendly content is going to have the greatest opportunity for the most ads this is a whole conversation in and of itself because some creators who have more adult themed content want they say well there's a lot of brands or businesses that would want to reach our audience but my rebuttal to that would be yeah and that's why you can do brand deals and that's why you can do your own thing and you can build your own platforms other places or you could have you build an email list and you can sell email drops to sponsors but I empathize I mean I see the frustration is sometimes people sometimes these things are unclear or sometimes you don't know why your video has limited or no ads but nevertheless if you want the safest bet of not having limited ads on your YouTube videos than being thoughtful of those types of keeping inappropriate language and violence and harmful content out of your videos would be an important factor for just avoiding any of that drama in any of that trauma so ultimately what questions do you still have about monetization let me know especially if you watch this on YouTube where you're able to comment if you are part of our audio Community then it would mean the world to me if you reviewed the podcast on Spotify or you'll have to review and rated this on Apple seriously if you got value out of this episode that would go a long way for all the research that went into it and we covered right these seven different distinctions of CPM and seven most profitable Channel topics in there and also how much we made at think media so we covered a lot so save this one for reference and even share this with maybe somebody else that would benefit from some of this information and I am Sean Cannell rhymes with YouTube channel this has been the think media podcast and I look forward to connecting with you in a future episode

  Top Comments:
  1. @ThinkMediaPodcast [12 likes]: Question of the Day ⚡What was your biggest takeaway from this episode? Let us know! 👇*** Watch our FREE YouTube Masterclass class here 👉http://ThinkMasterclass.com
  2. @mrsdaisymama [4 likes]: I just got monetized and have been wondering about things I need to know about monetization. I can always count on Think Media 👏🏼
  3. @Jasons-Journeys [2 likes]: You want to talk about the massive difference in RPM. I have a separation in my RPM from 1 cent to $117
  4. @hardyboyswagg12 [1 likes]: How do taxes work regarding monetization with YouTube?
  5. @DailyGraceArena-f6c: Strategic
  6. @GoatedOnlyyy: 9:51 same team
  7. @MaxFischerGarage: I get 0 RPM and 0 CPM because I'm not monetized yet 😂
  8. @daniellevy2272: THIS IS SO IMPORTANT
  9. @davewayne1217: RIGHT. BUT WHAT ABOUT PEOPLE WHO DONT HAVE ADS BY STREAMING CAUSE I HAVE YOU TUBE PREMIUMS AND I DONT SEE ADS AT ALL...I HAVE YOU TUBE PREMIUM NO ADS
  10. @tyonjreid: Good video
  11. @nbnguitar: Net revenues vs Gross revenues. Seems to me YT is paying RPM closer to the bottom line than the top line i.e. they’re paying their costs first and then sharing their net revenue (costs seem to account for the 16% discrepancy).
  12. @PabloMirTV: Stumbled onto this video, I'm curious where does travel fall in the CPM RPM high paying niche convo
  13. @lindongareis8757: For a “major noob” to all of this and just getting started. Thank you for the education…..
  14. @MarioMateo: I’ve noticed on my blogs when I use the F word too much, and I clip it, those YouTube shorts with the F word do not get monetized at all
  15. @MarioMateo: Thanks for explaining this in such a simple understandable way. Always like your Indep contact about  YouTube. I just passed 1500 subscribers
  16. @MarioMateo: Thanks for explaining this in such a simple understandable way. Always like your Indep contact about  YouTube. I just passed 1500 subscribers
  17. @simonandchristopher: What will happen with YouTube algorithm if every channel over 100k will help small kids channel like @simonandchristopher to get 1k subscribers? Would they increase the limit for monetization or ban such of behaviour?
  18. @CoachRashman_1: Good stuff...
  19. @TheLastPapacito: thanks
  20. @staraffirmations: This is the part i have been wamting to find content about

- How Does YouTube CPM Affect My Earnings? - Passive Income Wizards: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] How does YouTube CPM affect my earnings? Imagine turning your passion into a steady income without leaving your home. YouTube makes this possible through monetization. But understanding how your earnings are calculated can seem tricky. Today, let's explore how the rate advertisers pay per thousand views influences your income. YouTube CPM, or cost per millie, is the amount advertisers pay for every 1,000 ad impressions on your videos. This rate varies a lot depending on your niche, audience location, and advertiser demand. When viewers watch your videos, ads are shown, and you earn a share of what advertisers pay. But remember, YouTube takes a 45% cut of that revenue. So, creators usually get about 55% of the CPM rate. To figure out how much you earn from CPM, you can use this simple formula. Take your total views, divide by 1,000, then multiply by the CPM, and finally multiply by 55%. For example, if your video gets 50,000 views and the CPM is $10, the total ad revenue before YouTube's cut is $500. After YouTube takes its share, you would earn around $175. CPM rates can be very different depending on what kind of content you create. For instance, videos about finance, investing, or online business tend to have higher CPMs, often above $10. On the other hand, entertainment or lifestyle videos usually have lower CPMs around 22 for dollars. The country where your viewers are watching from also matters. Countries like the United States, Germany, and Norway tend to have higher CPMs compared to other regions. Understanding CPM is important for building a digital passive income stream. The higher your CPM, the more money you make for every 1,000 views. This means focusing on topics that attract higher paying advertisers and targeting viewers in countries with higher CPMs can boost your earnings. Once your channel grows and you get consistent views, your passive income from YouTube can increase significantly. It is also helpful to know about RPM or revenue per millie which shows your actual earnings per thousand views after YouTube takes its cut. RPM includes all revenue sources like ads, memberships, and YouTube premium. It gives a clearer picture of what you are truly earning from your videos. So, in simple terms, CPM sets the baseline for how much advertisers pay for ads on your videos. Your actual earnings depend on your CPM rate, how many views you get, and YouTube's share. Picking the right content and audience can help you maximize your passive income from YouTube monetization.

- This PROVEN Strategy Doubles YouTuber Ad Revenue: Kind: captions Language: en if you're anything like me your ad revenue is down bad right now even if your views are and you're probably wondering to yourself will this ever come back but don't worry because I'm about to show you an ad Revenue hack that will get it back within potentially a week and it's increasing people's ad Revenue 50 across the board this is no joke either I'm going to show you proof it works too so what the heck is going on Ed I'm glad you asked so a few weeks ago in my Discord Steve from the channel alive engineered comes flying in and he told us this story about how everyone's been setting up their ads for all and that there's actually a special way to do it so that you make more money now I read it when I was out and about and I kind of forgot about it and then a few weeks later Marie from humblebee and me runs through the door and said Steve it actually worked I did what you said and last week I got 79 less views than the week before but I made more money from ads and then John from plug-in Ali replied to say he'd also done the same thing and it worked too his brothers Rodney Coleman who said it increased his ad Revenue 50 so how can you do the same and why has everyone been setting up their ads wrong this whole entire time well it all comes down to this thing here this is the mid-roll advert and I hate hate them with a passion you like me are potentially gone the second one displays but this is why this hack is so genius because as Steve put it the best part to this is no other metrics dip when you do it and literally nobody says anything you just make more money it's insane and that is because for every person that hates them one doesn't so let me show you how mid-roll ads actually works you understand how to set them up to make more money for yourself so when you get monetized you can put in skippable ads non-skippable cards and mid-roll ads you can let YouTube Place Those midro ads for you or you can place them yourself now the teaching has always been to follow a similar strategy to how traditional media uses ads and put Motorola ads at a cliffhanger moment in your video so people want to come back saving your attention now you can only turn mid-roll ads on a video that's over eight minutes long so people often put one mid-roll ad about halfway through their video at one of those Cliffhanger moment thing is this won't actually make much of a difference to your ad Revenue because when you put a mid-roll ad in it's not actually a guarantee that it will show to someone so what is it then well each placement is just a chance it could get shown so the algorithm knows it's user by a profile and that profile apparently includes their tolerance to ads so it knows that if a viewer like me can't handle them it's not going to play one when you've asked it to so the bad news is you adding a mid-roll ad could have resulted in zero new monies but it gets worse when Marie checked out a video she's made with over 377 000 views that she'd asked YouTube to Auto apply mid-roll ads to she was appalled to see that the video racked up 350 000 views with no mid-roll ads displayed at all in fact the auto insert had only included one at the very end so her advice to us was do not trust the auto add tool but if she'd follow this way to add mid-roll ads I'm about to show you she'd have been hundreds of dollars up for a few minutes extra work so how do you add mid-roll ads to make more money well you put in a lot of them and I mean a lot I know I was absolutely terrified when I heard this because I thought that's just going to impact retention but apparently it doesn't really matter even if you place ads every minute because the algorithm knows each user by their ad tolerance and because each placement is only a chance of that showing it won't and it's actually been established that the average viewer only sees between 0.9 and 1.5 ads in a video with full placement and this has been tested on over 100 channels and resulted in an average of a 50 rpm increase with no impact retention but this is where it gets interesting the advice given from our legendary Discord conversation on how many to place was as follows first have all ad types enabled that means pre-roll mid-roll post roll and uh the other everything also display and cards then try to place your ads about two minutes or more apart with the ads being placed one second after the beginning of a chapter now if you don't use chapters fear not make sure to place the mid-roll at the end of the sentence or in slow spots of the video or places with little action or places of Silence apparently you have a higher chance of playing ads during times like that I don't know why an invent the system and then place them in the following patterns now the Discord chat recommended something like this as an aggressive approach you can see that on screen right now but if you're feeling less aggressive you could adapt to the medium approach you can also see on screen right now or the light approach also on screen right now pause the video if you want to jot those down but before you run off and do this to every video do not do that I have to remind you that this is the internet and this whole video is based on a conversation spin around in a Discord yes many of my students tried it with only positive results but you need to test this for yourself first on one video Don't Go listening to this clown on the internet but if like me you're thinking to yourself you know what I still don't want to put mid-roll ads in because they just annoy the heck out of me how can I make money on YouTube in another way we'll watch this video here where I've got 32 different ideas for you that enable you to create passive income from your YouTube channel and I reckon pretty much any YouTuber has got something they could use in there

  Top Comments:
  1. @JulieAllen-v4b [2 likes]: Seriously helpful advice! I just implemented this strategy on a few older videos and I'm already seeing a noticeable bump in revenue. Thanks for the actionable tips!
  2. @FutbalCam [1 likes]: 3:12 where the video actually starts
  3. @EzequielDeAnda-b1q [1 likes]: Does anyone know if this still works
  4. @NimaMomtahan [1 likes]: Any update on this in 2025? still works?
  5. @MeganSalvato [1 likes]: This is amazing advice, thanks! Implementing this strategy now and hoping for similar results – definitely worth the experiment.
  6. @DaveyDGaming [1 likes]: Wouldn't this put viewers off though? I've had complaints about ads interupting my gameplay videos and I was putting them 5 mins apart.
  7. @georgenewmaninthailand2495: ED mate you a legend. I never comment mate but watched 1000's of hours of your content over the years. So do i have to place the manual ads at them time stamps and leave all the auto one's on as well?
  8. @wrenvilleretired0001: Not a fan of midroll ads either.
  9. @herbsmansoundsystem: Can you turn them off after activating
  10. @ONIN-YTC: 😊😂😂nice
  11. @realjackeal: Nice
  12. @pianosymmetry: Awesome vid, thanks for this.
  13. @DanielWilliams-h4u: I skip ads, and still get tonnes of ads on long videos, so Idk about the algorithm. I unsub from channels (mainly seems for me to be "to sleep to" videos) that place ads every few minutes.
  14. @motiv.plugin: Support guys💖
Stay plugged in with us to get daily drops of movation🔥
  15. @InuitJourney: Are you in Wono's community? I feel like I saw this before.
  16. @JodiWoodcock: This is a game changer! Thanks for sharing these concrete strategies for optimizing ad placement without sacrificing the viewer experience. Excited to see the impact on my channel's revenue.
  17. @StaceyThomas-v1j: This is a game changer! I'm implementing this strategy today and joining the Partnered YouTube Discord to learn even more. Thanks for sharing these valuable insights!
  18. @chhaiya-n6l: Just implemented this strategy and the initial results are impressive. Thanks for sharing this practical tip; I'm eager to see the long-term impact on my ad revenue!
  19. @vincentiabrink: This is incredibly helpful! It's refreshing to see a strategy that genuinely works and isn't just another overhyped YouTube myth. Time to get strategic with those mid-rolls!
  20. @yulka-e1p: This is a game changer! Thanks for sharing these data-backed strategies—I'm excited to implement them and see how they impact my channel's revenue, especially the cliffhanger ad placement. It's refreshing to see a video that focuses on boosting earnings while also respecting the viewer experience.

- Forget YouTube CPM... THIS is How to Earn More Money!: Kind: captions Language: en - You and I, we're YouTube friends if not family, right and family share personal things. SO if I was to ask you what's your YouTube CPM you'd happily go into your analytics, get the information and tell me that you're YouTube CPM is say $4.29. But you know what my response would be? Frankly I just don't care anymore. - [male Whisper] VidIQ - [Female] VidIQ - [Narrator] VidIQ.com (upbeat music) - That's because there is a new money metric in town called YouTube RPM. And to get to it you'll need to click on your profile image in the top right hand corner (mouse click) of most YouTube screens and go to the YouTube studio. From here click on the (pen drawing) analytics section from the left hand menu bar and then assuming of course that you do have a monetized YouTube channel, click on the revenue tab at the top. Slap bam in the center you'll now see an RPM box. Click it to display your RPM over the last 28 days. Or use the see more link to drill down into the numbers. When you do this one of the columns will display the RPM for individual videos. Which can really help you determine which content generates the most books for you. Now usually when I talk about YouTube analytics (upbeat tone) at this stage of a video I'd ask you to share your, whatever it is, is the comments below. But I think on this occasion it's probably best if you keep those numbers to yourselves. Yeah, I've shown you some numbers here from my old YouTube channel, but I haven't made any videos on it for over two years, and it's still earning me money. If you want to know the full story on that one, check out the video over here. But right now, what we all need to do is pause for a second, take a deep breath (Intake and exhale) and ask a very simple question, what the hell is RPM? - [Female Voice] Mille - All right, means one thousand, does it? Fancy YouTube for using a trending term from the early eighteenth century. Really helpful, all right first of all we got an important distinction to make because there's already one of these - floating around It's CPM or cost per - This is gonna get really frustrating. CPM is the average amount of money that advertisers pay to show ads in your videos. It only takes into account the revenue from ads and the views from the videos that were monetized. This may come as a shock to some of you, but just because you monetize your content doesn't always mean that ads are applied to every single video view on your channel. Explaining this would take a video in itself, but suffice to say, CPM is liked to your estimated monetized playbacks, which is never truly accurate. While RPM reflects the actual view count on your channel. Furthermore, CPM shows you what advertisers are paying, not what you are actually earning. And this is where we have to broach one of those uncomfortable truths about YouTube ad revenue. Cost per - Thank you, doesn't take into account YouTube's cut of that ad revenue. Now again this may come as some of a shock to you because YouTube doesn't really tell you this information in the YouTube studio. You have to go find it out, the average YouTube channel will take 55% of the ad revenue generator while YouTube takes the other 45%. CPM doesn't take into account any of that. It is your raw value as a channel to advertisers on YouTube. So yes, at a surface level the RPM will look terrifyingly grim when compared to your CPM. But it does reflect the actual truth of your ad revenue income on your channel. And YouTube do stress themselves that RPM is a ratio that includes revenue that is calculated after YouTube's revenue share and the total number of views on your channel. This is a new analytic, but you shouldn't see any difference in the actual amount of revenue you make on your channel. (camera beep) All right, I'm in the middle of editing this video and I just realized that I may not have explained something explicitly and that is "Mille" because I was too busy trying to make a joke out of it. (high tone) it obviously means thousand so when we talk about CPM or RPM (bell ding) it's cost per thousand, or revenue per thousand views. Got that, good let's carry on (clap) (light switch clicks off) Does that look better? Like ad revenue itself, CPM is an analytic that's been around on YouTube forever, so that presents a problem, it's antiquated, it's out of date. YouTube has transformed significantly in the last decade. In 2020 there are multiple ways for a monetized channel to make income from YouTube products and services. And that includes YouTube premium, channel memberships, super chats and super stickies. But RPM does, as we've already said, CPM is a measure of a value you are worth to YouTube advertisers. What RPM does is value your channel (light beep) with your community and that is significantly more important and potentially more powerful and lucrative than any CPM you could get from your YouTube videos. As a very simple example, the RPM on this channel is relatively stable over 28 days, but there are three distinct spikes that each last a single day (bells ding) these represent super chats donated to a channel during live streams. Its clear here, the value of the creator. The community of the channel is able to raise RPM of a channel by 50 - 100%. Now of course this doesn't happen overnight. With ad revenue it literally is flicking on a switch. And all of a sudden you're receiving all of these micro payments of a couple of dollars for ads that are appearing on your videos. But none of that can compare to a mobilized community unique to you. When you provide ultimate value that they can't get anywhere else. When you inspire people, you bring positivity to their lives. The moment that they start to care about you as an individual (light dings) and the creator is a moment when they will start investing in you for all of the right reasons. In a previous video we looked at how Travis, who runs his own tech channel, was able to run 45 minute live streams with 150 people watching them and generate over $200 in super chats. - We got super chat, watch out now (excited fog horn) $5.04 - That is incredible, you're not gonna get $200 from 200 views through ad revenue. Now of course, super chats are very much an instant gratification single shot in the arm type of bonus to your ad revenue. Now what if you were able to create a membership program out of your YouTube channel? You are providing so much value that people are wiling to pay for extra content. You raise your RPM on a consistent basis, every single day. And just as a reminder, these are not advertisers taking a bet on your advert hitting the right person. These are people (upbeat ding) who care about you and want to invest on a consistent and reliable basis on what you have to offer your community. That over the long term is what RPM is going to be able to tell you over CPM. Now just a couple of things to be clear about here. RPM does include more of your YouTube revenue, but it doesn't include everything. That being YouTube merge, also any brand deals sponsorships, affiliate links and products and services that you sell outside of YouTube will not be reflected in this RPM. With that being said, if you are able to identify that your CPM is staying fairly static while your RPM is beginning to rise, that means people are investing more in you rather than advertisers. And that is a key thing that we always try and encourage creators. Ad revenue is just the icing on top. If you want to make this a business, than you want to be in control of your income revenue sources and one of the worst ways to do this is to rely on CPM. RPM is the future of your YouTube channel.

  Top Comments:
  1. @vidIQ [63 likes]: DON'T SHARE YOU RPM (OR CPM) IN THE COMMENTS!
⏱️TIMESTAMPS⏱️
0:00 - Intro
0:26 - How to find out your YouTube RPM?
1:41 - What is Revenue Per Mille (& CPM)
4:12 - What RPM tells you that CPM doesn't
4:54 - How valuable are you to your community?
6:21 - How community impacts RPM
7:32 - What RPM does not include
  2. @WhosbetterReal: My RPM is 80 cent 😢😢😢
  3. @developingtank: Is normal speed played in slow motion on this video? Going from 2x back to 1x is shocking. Gave me the information I was looking for though.
  4. @Iblamerichkarde: How you can play  a music on live without get copyright I saw the live video u put in this video this man use a music on his live
  5. @dwainmorris7854: But how does Exstimated revenue facter in to RPM ?
  6. @thehants: @vidIQ Do you have a video on how to offer a membership program? I am closer to that than to the full YPP.
  7. @HollywoodFilmMovies: My rpm is 13.52 guess what niche it is!!!
  8. @Leepi: Rob id such an intelligent person. Thx for the videos
  9. @GerrysUnboxing: Thank you so much VidIQ for more information is big help specifically to small YouTuber like us more power to your channel
  10. @simulationcomplete: Did the payouts get lower? I used to do youtube from 2009-2015 with a consistent 30k views a month since my first month (I got lucky and peaked quick) and got 250-300 dollars a month for 30k views. My contract ran with a cpm.
  11. @yousefali1399: ALSO PLS LET ME KNOW HOW TO MAKE MEMBERSHIP AT RPM
  12. @yousefali1399: ALSO PLS LET ME KNOW HOW TO MAKE MEMBERSHIP AT RPM
  13. @yousefali1399: ALSO PLS LET ME KNOW HOW TO MAKE MEMBERSHIP AT RPM
  14. @yousefali1399: ALSO PLS LET ME KNOW HOW TO MAKE MEMBERSHIP AT RPM
  15. @yousefali1399: Would u kindly let me know how to share in RPm
  16. @Homeless-x3y: Awesome you are right🎉dear
  17. @Mathematics21st: My RPM so low😢
  18. @RealQuietOne: Thank you so much for this! 😊
  19. @RonniesRambles: Might be, in my eyes, the best content I've seen in a while. Thanks, hanging on may have paid off here.
  20. @iamdebbyshine: How can I increase my RPM? Does building backlinks for my channel, helps to boost my RPM?

- How Much YouTube Pays for 1,000 Subs: Kind: captions Language: en I did not make life-changing money on YouTube in 2025. Neither did most of the creators in today's video. I went through the real revenue numbers of all of these channels to figure out what was actually going on. Because here's what's strange, one creator with 2 million views made less money than a creator with 19,000 views. What's even more wild is that a creator with 1,200 subscribers made $18,000, while a creator with double that made $71. And that's exactly why I'm making this video today, because whenever you watch these videos of people saying I made this much money as a small channel in this amount of time, the numbers are always wildly different. And I wanted some answers. Before we get into the numbers here, let me just explain two concepts that you need to know so you understand all the nuances about how money moves around on YouTube. First, it's the difference between CPM and RPM. And this is pretty simple. Let's say it cost an advertiser $100 to put an ad on your video, which is not a realistic number, but I'm just want want to work with a nice round number here. The $100 is the CPM. That's how much it cost the advertiser. You get $55 because that's the cut YouTube shares with creators. That's the RPM. Cost per milli revenue per milli. It's pretty simple. The second thing you need to know is that YouTube has two different levels of monetization. The first is unlocked when you hit 500 subscribers and a 3,000 hours of watch time. And when you unlock this level of monetization, you're not earning ads just yet, but you can do things like start up a YouTube membership program and have super chats, super thanks, things like that. But once you hit a thousand subscribers and 4,000 hours of watch time, that is when you hit YouTube AdSense and you will start getting money from the YouTube ad campaigns that run all across the platform. And just a quick note, those 4,000 hours have to come from long form videos or live streams, they can't come from shorts. So with that out of the way, now we can get into your first practical tip that has to do with those requirements. Eva had been building her channel for over a year. She was consistent, she was growing, and then one day she hit her monetization requirements. She applied, she got approved, and then nothing. Signing up for YouTube AdSense and the YouTube Partner Program took me a little bit longer than I expected. You have to wait about 3 weeks to get a code from them in the mail that lets you finalize your AdSense sign up. >> Three weeks because of a letter, and her videos are sitting there approved for monetization but earning no money. So, here's advice from someone who lived it. >> Once you reach 500 subscribers and 3,000 watch hours, I would sign up for the YouTube Partner Program then and get approved and get your AdSense all in order so that when you hit 4,000 watch hours and 1,000 subscribers, you will immediately be able to start collecting that money and get your payout. >> Try not to leave weeks of earnings sitting there in the ether just because of an envelope. Maybe sort that out as early as you can. But, okay. How much money does YouTube actually pay creators? This is a question that I'm sure Google is tired of answering by now. Our first real-life example today is Jess and Dave. They're a Canadian travel couple who quit their jobs to travel Southeast Asia and document their journey on YouTube. In their first 6 months after being monetized, they were posting one video every 4 days, and they made $1,716 Canadian, which is roughly $1,200 US. Not life-changing money, but real, consistent, and steadily growing. But, here's something that $1,700 Canadian won't tell you. Not all views are created equal, and this comes down to something creators really don't think about a lot. Where in the world are your views actually coming from? Kinetic Passports proved exactly why. They're a travel channel very similar to Jess and Dave, and they had a video about their experience in Cairo, Egypt. It blew up. For them, that meant 15,000 views, which is no small moment for a channel of this size. However, even though we're higher in our view count and watch time hours, because most of the viewers on that video are from Egypt, the RPM is lower. I believe we're just over $2 for RPM on that video, and that's why this month's earnings look pretty similar to June even though all of the other parameters would indicate, you know, a higher earning for the month. So, practically speaking, what does this mean for you? It doesn't mean that you should pretend that only the US or Western audience exists. That would be a a It does mean though that if you feel like you healthy view counts on your channel and your earnings still feel suspiciously low, it probably has something to do with geography. We're going to talk more about that in a little bit because not only can this vary from channel to channel, but RPMs can fluctuate video to video. Before we get there though, I want to talk about something that can be very confusing to a lot of creators, especially when it comes to making money on YouTube. And that is the difference between short-form and long-form, specifically the thing nobody warns you about. Now, by now, everybody knows that YouTube Shorts don't pay nearly as much as long-form videos. But, exactly how much less are we talking? Well, let's start with Adriel. In October 2025, he had a moment that every small creator dreams about. >> But, I had one short that went ultra viral. It was a short about flying Singapore Suites first class, and you can see this purple line here showing that video jumping way up. For the month, I got just under 2 million views and 18,000 watch hours, and I gained over 3,000 subscribers. >> 2 million views. And for context, that's more views than most creators will get on a single video during their entire YouTube career. >> However, since it was a short-form video, not long-form video, even though I got way more views, the money paid out was still less because the payout rate for a short is not as high as a long-form video. >> Want to see exactly how much less? Over 1.8 million views, estimated revenue, $197. If we do the math, that works out to about 11 cents per thousand views. And here's the proof. This orange line is a single long-form video titled The Real Cost to Build a House in 2025. It's 20 minutes long. It got almost 93,000 views, which is a long way from 2 million, but it earned him $727. That makes the RPM on this video $7.83 cents per thousand views. Compare that to the short that made 11 cents per thousand views, and we're looking at a video that made 71 times more money with 20 times fewer views. And before you think, "Well, that's just one channel," I want you to meet Paul Stingray. He runs a gardening channel in Australia, and here's what happened in a single 48-hour window. >> I've got 1,436 views. Most of those are shorts views. So, I got 619 long-form video views and 816 short form views. So technically you're only really going to be making money, well, enough to actually notice on the long form views. >> And what does that look like in actual dollars? Well, he breaks that down video by video. >> So my top video was growing corn in pots. Now in 7 days it got 1,700 views, so roughly about 4,000 views and it would have got about 48 cents. Yes, terribly exciting, a whole 48 cents. Now my long form views, growing lotus from seed, roughly that would have got about 1,400 views and it's made $14.96. So a little bit better than the shorts views. So if that short was a long form view, we'd be making a lot more money about now. >> 4,000 shorts views for 48 cents versus 1,400 long form views for $14.96. That's the same pattern. It's less than a third of the views and 30 times more money. But if you want the single most devastating number for this entire video, let's take a look again at Jess and Dave. They posted shorts consistently alongside their long form content for six full months. In their own words >> You had posted a few shorts over this time, but the revenue from that was pretty negligible, earning us a whopping 62 cents over the six months. So here's the verdict. Even though shorts make a little more money than they used to, they are still nowhere near a stable revenue stream. They might bring you some new eyeballs, but you're not going to be writing your meal ticket with them. So if shorts are not the answer to making a living on YouTube, then what does it come down to? Well, in one word, inventory. Not all viewers are worth the same amount of money to YouTube, unfortunately. The niche you're in determines how much money an advertiser is going to pay YouTube for advertising on your content. Think of YouTube niches like a leaderboard. On the top end, you have the channels that advertisers are willing to fight each other over. And on the lower end, you have the channels that they barely notice. So using the data that has been provided by all the creators we're looking at today, I've gone ahead and set up the 2026 YouTube RPM tier list. Keep in mind these numbers are going to shift around based on season and where viewers live, but this is the current map of the money. In the D tier, we have gardening and Paul Stingray is going to be our benchmark. In his first 2 weeks of being monetized across all of his videos, he made $36.92 Australian. That's roughly $24 in US at the time of recording. And remember, this is the same channel that got 4,000 shorts views and only earned 48 cents. Long form helps, but if you're in this niche, hopefully you're doing it for the love of the craft because it doesn't feel like AdSense is where it should be. In the C tier is going to be the fitness niche. And for that, we're going to look at a channel like Justin Ly, who after 11 months of being monetized made a total of $796.68. His RPM ranged from $2 on his muscle-up video all the way to $6 on his marathon content. As far as this list goes, fitness does sit a rung higher than gardening, but it is on the lower half of the spectrum. And in a little bit, we'll get back into that $2 and $6 difference between those videos, >> [music] >> but next is the B tier. I'm going to call the B tier our wild card because we're going to be looking at travel channels. And travel channels are just notoriously inconsistent. As we already discussed, geography can very much determine your RPM. It really just comes down to where your viewers are watching from. You have Kinetic Passports, who made $87.36 in their first 2 months. You have Eva, who made $433 Canadian in 9 months despite barely posting. And then Jess and Dave, our most data-rich channel. They averaged a $6.77 RPM across their first 6 months for a grand total of $1,716 Canadian. So, while the potential in this niche can be pretty high, there's just too many factors to account for when it comes to travel. It just really depends on what part of the world you're focusing on. And now we get to the A tier, which is pretty interesting because this niche is going to surprise you. Kids and Family in essence is a kids channel. They started back in August of 2023, and they were monetized by November. How much money do you think they made? >> My first YouTube paycheck was $957.18. >> [cheering] >> I know, right? And keep in mind, this is me as a new YouTuber, first time, just started this page 6 months ago, children's page, wasn't sure what I was doing, but I was just doing it, and I made close to $1,000. I would say that's pretty good for a journey to passive income. >> For a brand new channel, that's a really strong number. So, I'm putting in Essence in the A tier because at least with the way they're approaching kids content, this is a pretty high-potential niche. However, they will tell you themselves that seasonality plays a role here. >> If you going to start your channel, try and get it started like now. It's February currently when I'm making this video, so that my December time, you can put out your Christmas content, and then you, you know, you can see that step up. >> bump is a real thing basically for every niche on YouTube. So, that is something to look out for. An even stronger niche though, still remaining in the A tier, is going to be filmography and photography. First up, we'll look at Tracy Flynn's channel. She's from New Zealand and covers photography and creative businesses, and she made $86.99 Australian in her first month. And then you have Dallas and Jill. They're a Canadian filmmaking channel with a CPM ranging from 15 to $42 per thousand views. The upper end of that gets into some really serious money, and in a little bit we're going to explore the spikes that happen within different niches. But then we get into the S tier, and if you've looked at different YouTube niches in the past to determine how much makes the most money, this probably won't surprise you. At the top end of the spectrum, you have Adriel from earlier in the video. He breaks down his entire 2025 in this video. >> I uploaded 33 long-form videos and 111 short-form videos. I racked up 6.9 million views and 117,000 watch hours combined between my long-form videos and my shorts. 6.9 million views, and how much did that earn him? So, in all of 2025, my total YouTube ad revenue was $4,471. >> Now, that might sound low for 6.9 million views, but don't forget that 111 of those videos were just YouTube shorts. So, we need to strip those out because in terms of revenue, they barely move the needle. Ad real mentioned that the majority of the $4,471 came from only two long-form videos that took off. Real estate and construction advertisers, mortgage companies, building suppliers, contractors are all willing to pay, pay, pay to reach that audience. And finally, at the very top end, you have the business, finance, and online education niche. And this is where the numbers get pretty staggering. Mark on business made $877.36 in AdSense. And that was with his revenue suppressed due to an invalid traffic bug that was happening around that time. This artificially lowered his earnings. George Alexander, a creator education channel, tells it best himself. >> see that when I got monetized, my RPM was $2.73. And this [music] number is pretty low. But you can see that over the course of the next 6 months, my RPM slowly but surely improves all the way up to $6.58, [music] which is crazy because that means I'm making two to three times more money for every 1,000 views that I get on my videos. >> I Myers in the YouTube education niche gained 50,000 views, which made him $218 in AdSense in his first 90 days, as well as $43 through supers, and another $14 through memberships. Advertisers in this space include software companies, financial products, investment platforms, and online course providers. They're all competing for the same audience. In that niche, your viewers are people who are actively trying to make and or save money. And that is an incredibly valuable viewer to an advertiser. And RPMs are going to reflect that. But here's the thing most highest paying niche videos miss every time. Where you sit on this list is only half the story. You could have an S tier niche like finance, but still be in the D tier in terms of revenue, depending on the topic you cover. And that's what I want to look at next. How two videos on the same channel can have a 500% difference in pay. So far in this video, we've talked a lot about niches and your potential earning ceiling that you could hit depending on which niche you're in. The thing is, each video you post has its own ceiling in terms of revenue. It just kind of depends on what topic you're covering that determines how high that ceiling is. Let's take a look again at Jess and Dave for example. Two videos, same channel, same month. One video exploring Coron in the Philippines had an RPM of $4.87. The other, Inca Trail to Machu Picchu, had an RPM of $24.70. And to be clear, that's the RPM. That's the money that they're earning per thousand views on that video. This is a five times difference. Two very similar videos attracting two very different audiences. So, what's going on? Well, the people who are searching for Inca Trail are probably folks in the US, UK, and Australia. In which case, those would be higher income countries which have higher advertising budgets and thus higher RPMs. Meanwhile, the video about Coron, which I'm not sure I'm saying correctly, is a destination that that may attract viewers from Southeast Asia. There, advertiser budgets are just going to be lower and therefore RPMs are going to reflect that. But, here's where it gets more interesting because this isn't just a travel thing. That fitness channel we looked at earlier, Justin Lee, noticed something in his own analytics. [music] For my marathon videos, they tend to do really high. So, you've got $6 here, whereas my muscle-up video is only [music] on $2. So, even though my marathon video has 19,000 views [music] and my muscle-up video has 42,000 views, the marathon video still pays [music] me more because it's got a higher RPM. And I think that's super interesting because it means that views don't necessarily equal money. Think about what he just said there. 42,000 views on one video and it earned less than a video with 19,000 views on the same channel. So, what's the difference? Well, marathon content attracted viewers who were researching running gear, race entries, nutrition supplements. Basically, higher value customers for advertisers. The general workout content may be more broad and attract a lot more new eyeballs to the channel, but because it's so broad, it's less commercially specific. Then you have Dallas and Jill, our Canadian filmmaking and photography channel. >> My average cost per thousand as a film making photography ish channel is is in the $15 to $16 per thousand views. That's Canadian dollars. Some videos that's as low as $8 per thousand views and on the flash video, which was the one video we got published the month after being monetized, it got as high as $42 per thousand views. $8 Canadian on one video and $42 Canadian on another video on the same channel and that is no small swing. This is a different earning bracket and it all depends on what your video is about. So if you're looking at all this, my big takeaway here was basically that it's not enough to just pick a niche with a high RPM and hope for the best. The specific topic of each video you make determines how many advertisers are going to show up and how much money they're willing to shell out. And when you think about it, this makes a lot of sense when you consider how much money brand deals can go for on YouTube in general with some of the largest creators on the platform. There are creators who make thousands of dollars off of a brand deal where they take maybe 60 seconds out of their video. They look at the camera and they speak directly about one product for that entire minute. When it comes to hyper specific targeted advertising, advertisers pay more money for that. So it stands to reason that even if you don't have a sponsorship on that video about your marathon, it's a very specific audience that you're targeting and therefore the advertisers are going to pay more money to have ads on that video. Meanwhile, your more broad fitness content isn't going to do as well in terms of advertising dollars, but it could introduce a lot of new people to your channel. Meanwhile, a travel video about Peru is going to attract a different wallet than a travel video to the Philippines. Once you understand all this, it helps you stop focusing on your channel as one thing all by itself and instead you can focus on how each video is an opportunity to target different advertisers and different viewers. YouTube can monetize your content, but only you can monetize your audience because AdSense is real, it's great, it's genuinely there and it's like passive money for showing up and doing the work that day, but it's not the full picture. If you want to set up your channel the correct way for monetization beyond just AdSense, I'm going to encourage you to watch this video next, which will set you off on the right path when it comes to getting monetized in the first place.

  Top Comments:
  1. @vidIQ [78 likes]: What’s your RPM right now? 👇
  2. @Trua: i'm currentling on 25k Subs. i made about 1000 CHF.
  3. @dark-fn240: i have 1.2k subs on this channel and 3.8k on another and no money at all
  4. @kekuruvin: I wondered how low gaming channel are😂
  5. @BryceNFL23: I have 1.5k and got zero money
  6. @okmax: what about live streams?
  7. @TotallyAnalogAki: basically 2 dollar or 200 dollar or 0 dollar
  8. @Oxtags: Hopefully I reach 1000, I make high quality videos and they are very funny & or interesting !
  9. @laiferss: 20m views, 50k subs, $0
  10. @Rankingrex-836: I see
  11. @slimpeterOG: Whats the RPM for gaming channels for both shorts & full videos
  12. @slimpeterOG: Geographical RPM? How yt judge that?
  13. @SJ_Killy: Great breakdown
  14. @Majd__abolshamat: But people post shorts not for money they post it for more reach and discoverability
  15. @outerstudios830: I have lots or really good videos but i am so far from getting 3000 watch hrs. Great video mate!! Very explanitory
  16. @30dayschallenge-c6u: What are the best niches
  17. @malachileonard3456: 0 i just launched my first video  got a long way to go 😂
  18. @GoodtoKnow-u7s: That is really helpfull thank you!
  19. @HalfSyncedUp: Me and my friend will be posting our first video soon so I cant wait to get to 1k!! :DD
  20. @phantomaegis: It seems like gaming never even existed!

- Youtube Niches That WILL Make You RICH in 2026: Kind: captions Language: en After researching dozens of niches, I realized something crazy. Some channels still make six figures a month posting nothing but simple AI generated videos. So, today I'm revealing the most profitable faceless niches for beginners. And we'll see if it's really that easy to make money and what you need to do to take advantage of this new opportunity. We are starting with this history type channel that is niched down specifically to Israel's hidden stories. The channel started just 3 weeks ago is already monetized and probably made at least $7,000 with these AI videos. And you might ask, how do I know how much he made? And it's because I'm also running a few faceless YouTube channels and I monetized another channel just a few days ago. So from [music] my experience, these videos attract an older audience and because the videos are longer, it makes them even more profitable. Plus, my WQ extension, which you can download from the link in the description, estimates that this channel might have earned even more, which is very possible. But here's what's interesting. If we would look at the most popular video, this creator didn't do anything crazy. In fact, the only unique thing he does is make the first minute fully AI generated video instead of static images to hook viewers in. But after that first minute, as you can see, it's mostly AI images. Not only that, we can also see that on some of these videos, there are people in the comments complaining that the AI subtitles are telling a whole different story. So, people aren't really satisfied. And this is good for you as a new creator because you can have advantage and you can stand out by creating better quality content. So videos like these get hundreds of thousands of views. That means there is demand and that means that the content could still be improved, leaving that space for you to jump in and profit from this niche. But if this wasn't surprising enough, wait, because I found a channel that literally posts just AI images and made $100,000 in September. But before that, we have another channel on the list that is no less impressive. True Globe is the channel name, and in 3 months from starting, he managed to gather 4.7 million views with just 14 videos. And you can see that the content itself doesn't have any special editing effects or original footage either. The videos are made with an AI voice over. Most of the footage is free stock footage that anyone can use. And at first glance, the actual script also seems [music] AI generated. But don't underestimate the quality of this channel. From a quick look, it seems like there's no effort, especially in the editing. But if you take a deeper look, you'll notice the sound design is extremely good. The music and sound effects are what make people love these videos. So if you'll try to create something similar, don't forget to analyze it more deeply. The type of music used, when it changes, how it builds emotion, because that's a very important part that truly makes the video feel alive. But the next channel I'm about to show you will prove that no niche is saturated and that you can blow up in any niche if you bring your own unique angle to it. The channel is Monkey Mind 101. Started 4 months ago and which is 10 videos managed to get 5.7 million views and over 100,000 subscribers. in the self-improvement niche, which most of the people think is saturated. The channel probably made around $30,000 just from AdSense, not including sponsorships, which are quite often in this type of niche. If you would look at the most recent video, we could see that the editing itself isn't hard. There are no animations and just simple 2D photos put together. You can draw these by yourself or use AI to speed up the process. But if you think about creating a similar channel, think about how you could stand out. Don't be another monkey explaining stuff because there are already a few 2D channels using monkeys as their main branding element. The next channel I found posts tech, crypto, and business AI documentaries. It also started very recently and in this time managed to get over 7 million views. Considering the videos are related to business, crypto and tech, the RPM should be huge and the channel probably made at least $40,000 from ad revenue in this period. Plus, this niche has great potential for brand deals, not just ad revenue. However, this channel made a big mistake, which is how I can tell the creator is a beginner in the YouTube faceless business. I checked his videos description and even his channel description, and I couldn't find his Gmail address anywhere. This one mistake probably cost him a decent 5 figure income that he could have earned from brand deals. So, don't make this mistake. Always include a separate Gmail address for companies to reach out to you. Looking at the video production side, you can clearly see that the channel uses AI voiceovers and even creates thumbnails with AI. The videos are a bit more edited, but still not close to top quality documentary channels. They have weird stock footage for too long and some other small mistakes. But this proves that a good idea is far more important and that despite the bad editing, you can still get over 1 million views. But have you ever seen a channel that got almost 100,000 subscribers and 3 million views with just four videos? If not, here's the channel. It is called Echo Zero. So, how is that possible? Is this a luck and how you can replicate it too? Firstly, we can see that his uploading schedule is terrible. Three videos of his are uploaded one year ago and then another fourth video is uploaded 1 month ago. And at first glance, it might look like it's just another military channel, but it's actually niched down to military technology, revealing the designs and mechanics behind modern warfare. This channel has nothing to do with AI, and it would be hard to produce this level of content as a beginner. But I wanted to show it to you anyways because by studying successful channels, you can take elements that work and apply them to your own channel. It might even spark an idea that leads you to create a life-changing channel. As an example of how taking inspiration from one niche and applying the same concept to another can help your channel blow up, I want to show you the byite-sized explainer channel. I share it with my private community members 5 months ago when it had just started. This channel took the same format as the paint explainer channel which performs extremely well and applied it [music] to computer tech. And when I shared this channel in my community, it was the perfect moment to jump in and try this exact style and niche yourself. It's still a good opportunity now, but with each video he posts, there are fewer untouched video ideas left in the computer tech space. So, if you had been in my community at that time, you would have had a perfect opportunity to blow up your channel fast with my help and earn a good amount of money since tech companies also love sponsoring these type of niches. [music] But we can see again that this channel also doesn't include his Gmail address, neither in channel description nor in his video descriptions. Now, let's take a look at this channel that turns true crime stories into cinematic documentaries. It's very similar to Fern documentary style in terms of visuals, but the main difference here is that these visuals are made completely with AI. Just look at the upload schedule. You would need a big team to produce this type of content so fast if it were animated from scratch. So, this channel went the smart and efficient route. You chose Crimes with 3D AI visuals which clearly works based on the views. If you want to know how to make these 3D animations with AI, I've already made a video on this topic on my channel and I'll leave the link at the end. And before I show the channel that made 100K in September by posting AI images, let me quickly show you one new football channel that I found. Hey, you know that I love football. I have football channel myself on which I posted YouTube shorts. However, this one as all of these channels that I showed you before today is long form channel. The channel is called ENDF and he started just one month ago but already managed to reach all the requirements for the monetization getting 260,000 views and gets good amount of views on every video signaling that his style on making commentary type football videos is something fresh to the football enjoyer. So you can apply the same concept to basketball, baseball or any other sport or even jump quick on football. But now, let's finally take a look at a channel that made $100,000 in September, posting AI image videos. The channel is called World War II Tales, and he makes long videos targeted toward an older audience, which gives him an RPM of at least $10. The videos are mostly made with AI. The voiceover is clearly AI and the images are either taken from the internet or also generated with AI. And the editing is the simplest of any channel we review today. No music, no sound effects, no nothing, just images that change every one or 2 minutes. So, as you can see on this video, the image didn't change for a whole 4 minutes. And we can see that the image is clearly generated by AI since these three planes don't look real. It's so easy to produce this type of content that that the channel's owner posts four times a day. But I wouldn't recommend posting four times a day as well. To stand out, you should either improve the quality or change the concept or niche a bit. Maybe talk about World War I or something different. So, you see that what these channels are doing isn't exactly hard to replicate, but the hard part is to come up with a channel and video ideas that people are interested in watching. It's never been an easy get-richqu scheme, but it's possible to make good amount of money while working comfortably from your home. And these creators and my private community members prove that it's possible if you put in the work. The fourth quarter of the year is here. Now, advertisers pay more than ever to promote [music] their products. So move fast because there's still a lot of money to be made. I hope this video helped and if so, I would like to get feedback from you. Maybe a like or subscribe or even a comment. And if this video helped, watch these videos next because they might be helpful as

  Top Comments:
  1. @ternikdubrokov [40 likes]: Honestly, the niche itself isn’t magic,  it’s about execution, systems, and consistency. I’ve seen people pick “overdone” topics and still blow up because they post strategically, optimize retention, and repurpose content across platforms. Some ideas from this video are solid, but the real edge comes from workflow. I’ve watched small creators automate posting using Lyftgram to push Shorts, clips, and repurposed content simultaneously. It doesn’t make the content better, but it gives you hours back to focus on improving the videos that actually matter. The takeaway? Pick a niche you can sustain for 6–12 months, then double down on output and early engagement. That’s where money actually comes in before 2026.
  2. @Mygift4u [1 likes]: WW2 Tales got demonetized eventually (or so they say)
  3. @realFlicx-7 [1 likes]: Bro talk about how mobile youtubers can grow their channels😢
  4. @LexAurum: Stop talking
  5. @JayTubington: Very helpful
  6. @FinTechnocy: Great as always !
Very helpful
  7. @deadmaa9197: VERY GOOD VIDEO. THANKS. OMG I LOVE YOU. I THINK I'M HUST HAPPY YOU KNOW. MY GOD
  8. @arshad0305: https://youtube.com/@shonenrealms?si=brfyhQTRLyMhV38K
  9. @error404-c4n: Hello money guy, how's life🥰
  10. @error404-c4n: Hello money guy, how's life
  11. @error404-c4n: Hello money guy, how's life
  12. @noencontent: thanks for this advice
  13. @ZaneExplains: Nest video to start yt channel ❤
  14. @originalbilinguallovesongs: Thank you for this niching down is absolutely one of the best things to do.
  15. @LilJimmey: hey bro my viewers are swiping away how can i fix that?
  16. @GoalX12: Wow goid video
  17. @footballlegends90: bring quality content back! YT getting stupid!
  18. @vecavisuals: It won't let me join the discord group, I don't know why
  19. @Strike_Myth: Dont Promote these interests on your channel bro, like Mossad and its terror  too .
keep it up with you other niches
  20. @GamingBeastZone-i3f: Bro I got banned in ur dc server IDK why I just sent my link to ask people what mistake I am doing and I got banned without getting mute :(

- The YouTube Niches I Actually Recommend Starting in 2026: Kind: captions Language: en If you're trying to figure out which niche to start a YouTube channel in right now in 2026, stop. Because what I'm about to share with you is going to completely change the way that you look at choosing a niche. And I know that sounds dramatic, but I've started and scaled over a dozen different YouTube channels. I've made over $10 million doing this, and I'm not saying this to brag, but just saying this to tell you that the biggest mistake that people make on this platform that keeps their views low, keeps them broke, is choosing the wrong niche. And most people get it catastrophically wrong. They chase what seems to be getting the most amount of views. They do what they think is going to make them the most amount of money, and that's the wrong way of going about doing this. Now, I'm going to give you the exact niches that I personally am starting right now in 2026. But before I do that, you need to understand something first, because if you don't understand this, the niches themselves are not going to necessarily help you. It's like handing you the keys to a Ferrari that you don't know how to drive. And this is going to save you months, maybe even years of wasted effort. Here's the paradox of choosing a niche that nobody talks about. The niches that get the most amount of views on YouTube are typically the worst niches to be in. And I know that sounds insane, because you're probably thinking more views equals more money, right? That's what everybody assumes. But let me put this in perspective for you. I have channels in low CPM niches that get millions of views per month, some over 10 million views per month. And I have channels in other niches, some of the ones I'm going to be showing you here today, that actually make more money even though they're getting way less views than the niches that are getting millions of views per month. In a low CPM niche, you might only be making $2 per thousand views. Meaning you would need 500,000 views just to make a thousand dollars. But in a high CPM niche, if you monetize it correctly, you could be making 30, 40, 50 plus dollars per thousand views. And so a video that gets 20,000 views in the right niche can outperform a video that gets a million views in the wrong one. And so if views really don't matter as much as most people think, then what does matter? Well, this is where this gets very interesting and it ties directly into the niches that I'm about to show you. But first, there is a second paradox that you need to hear because this one is even more counterintuitive than the first. The niches with the least amount of competition are usually the hardest to succeed in. And that might make no sense because you might be thinking, well, competition is a bad thing, right? And on the surface, yes, that seems logical. But here's what's really happening. If a niche has almost no competition, there's usually a reason for that. Not always. There are some, you know, undiscovered niches waiting to be found, I'm sure. However, nine times out of 10, the reason that a niche doesn't have much competition is because there's no proven demand. And it means that nobody's figured out how to actually make money in that space. It could also mean that the audience doesn't exist or they don't care enough to watch videos consistently. So, when I'm evaluating a niche, I actually want to see competition. I want to see other channels getting views. I want to see videos with 50,000, 100,000, 500,000 views on topics in that niche because that tells me that there is an audience then that is willing to consume that content. And it tells me that if I then make something better, that's more valuable within that niche, the algorithm already knows who to show it to. And that brings me to the criteria that I use for starting a channel, which is going to lead me directly into the niches that I recommend. But the criteria actually matters a lot more than the niches themselves. So, this is really important that you hear this. And I'll explain why in a second. My first criteria is that a niche has to have a decent to a high CPM. And that's how much a channel makes per thousand views from ad revenue. You might be saying, Matt, on other videos on your channel, you say that ad revenue isn't important at all. And it really isn't. It's just a nice extra to have. So, why is that one of my criteria? Well, it's one of my criteria because if advertisers are willing to pay a lot of money to put ads on your videos, it's due to the fact that they're likely profitable and that they're selling things that people want. They're selling solutions to people's problems and people are buying them. And so, the CPM is a proxy as to how valuable the audience is. The second criteria, and this is one that almost everybody overlooks, is that the niche has to have problems that people are desperate to solve, not just mildly interested in. For example, yes, there are huge channels that teach people how to play specific different video games, but is that a real burning problem in a lot of people's lives that they're willing to pay money to solve? Probably not for the majority of games. There may be certain edge cases and exceptions where people actually make money with video gaming and everything else. However, for the majority of games, that's not the case. However, what about the fact that AI is going to be replacing tons of jobs within the next 10 years? That's a burning problem that's going to affect a lot of people. And so, people are going to be desperate to solve that problem and watch videos in it and buy products in it because desperation drives action and action drives revenue. Yes, entertainment videos can drive millions of views, but entertainment viewers are way less likely to take any action at all. They just scroll to the next video cuz they're just trying to get a dopamine hit in their brain. But the best types of niches are educational niches where people have burning problems that they want to solve. That is where the money is. Now, the third criteria is that the niche has to be evergreen. This means that the content that you create today has to be relevant a year from now, 2 years from now, even 5 years from now. I don't like to be tracing trending topics that are going to die within a week. Once I have a huge, you know, established channel in a niche, occasionally I'll do a trending topic video because I know it'll pull a lot of views that month, but that's the thing. It'll pull views that month, not necessarily for the lifetime of the channel. I'm still making money from videos I uploaded when I was 14 and 15 years old that are still paying me to this day because they were hyper relevant videos then and they're hyper relevant videos now. I don't want my entire channel to become irrelevant if a certain new cycle moves on. I want to create a video once, optimize it properly, and have it working for me passively in the background making me money every single month. That is the power of evergreen content. And this eliminates a huge number of niches that people think are good right now, but are actually traps. And now here's where this really gets good. And this is the third paradox that I've discovered after running so many different channels myself and overseeing people running a lot of different channels. And it's probably the most important one. The niche that you're really passionate about that you love is not usually the niche that you should start with. And I know every other YouTube guru out there tells you to follow your passion and do all these things. And in some cases it's great advice if your passion is something that a lot of people have a burning problem about. For example, if you're passionate about helping people do something that's going to genuinely improve their lives and solve a huge problem in their lives, that's awesome. You should go all in on that. And I'm going to show you the niches here in a second that if your passion aligns with them, go all in on them. But for the majority of people, that's not going to be the case. You're very lucky if it is. And also for my own life, I've observed that, you know, passions they come and go. Sometimes I'm super passionate about teaching YouTube and doing this stuff, but other times I'm really passionate about things like submarines, but there's no real way of monetizing that. And so here's a realistic way of doing this. You find an overlap between three things. Something that you can tolerate talking or learning about, and this applies even if you're running [clears throat] a faceless channel and even if you're outsourcing it to a content team like my content team tubeautomate.com. Let's say you're hiring them to make your videos for you. So you're not even involved in the content. You might be thinking, I don't have to have any interest at all. It helps to a little bit of an interest, because you will still oversee the videos, and it will still be your channel at the end of the day. So, it helps. The second thing is that it has a proven audience on YouTube that's proven to watch videos similar to that with over 50,000 views on them. And the third thing, it has to have clear monetization paths beyond just ad revenue. If you can find that overlap, you have a goldmine. And the niches I'm about to give you will hit that sweet spot. But only do them if you have a little bit of an interest in them. Now, before I reveal them, I need to explain one more thing that's going to completely change how you approach this. Because in 2026, things have shifted in a way that a lot of people haven't caught up to yet. And if you don't understand this, then even picking the right niche is not going to save you. What's changed is that in 2026, the YouTube algorithm is pushing content based off of viewer interest more than ever before. It used to be that the algorithm would recommend videos from people that you're already subscribed to, or videos that were trending. But now, YouTube is acting more like a search engine crossed with a recommendation engine. It's looking at what you're interested in as a viewer, and serving you content from channels that you may not have ever even heard of. And this is huge for new channels, and it's great news for them, because you can get views a lot easier today than you could years ago. Because it doesn't mean that you need hundreds of thousands of subscribers in order to potentially have huge videos on your channel, and for YouTube to push your content. What you need is the right topic, the right packaging, and the right niche. And if you have those three things, YouTube will find the audience for you. And this is also why faceless channels are doing better than ever right now. People aren't going to YouTube to necessarily watch a specific person, they're going because they're interested in a topic, they want to learn something. And when you search stuff like how to invest in your early 20s, you want to learn how to do that, not how to invest in your early 20s according to some specific person. You search based off of interest rather than personality. And that means that you can position yourself within a niche that people have burning interest and unsolved problems, and then YouTube's new interest-based algorithm is going to do the heavy lifting for you. And now, before I get into the niches that I recommend, let me go over really quickly the niches that I would avoid at all costs because I've seen so many channels get destroyed by going into one of these topics. And these are topics like true crime where you're talking about a crime that never happened, especially if you're using AI to generate stories. This includes Reddit videos where you're just doing Reddit stories on YouTube. It includes news and political commentary channels that AI had a hand in making because it may not always be accurate. It includes even make money online content that has huge claims in it where you say, "I'm going to teach you how to make, you know, $500 a day guaranteed." When you say those things, that puts your channel at a huge risk and tons of channels have been getting banned, even ones making over a million dollars a year. Fake movie trailer channels using actual copyrighted characters using AI. And the common thread across all of these is that these are niches that don't provide any new, real, genuine value. You can definitely provide this value even using AI tools. I have several AI tools myself like Tube Magic and vid.ai. But the thing about these tools is that it allows people to give more value with their videos because they can do things like add in input videos on Tube Magic, for example, and then it will take the best parts of those videos to make something new and you'll have a better video by definition. So, the theme with the niches I'm about to show you is that they're niches that if you do them the right way by giving genuine value, you can absolutely crush it right now today, even using AI tools. In fact, I'd even recommend using AI tools because it'll save you so much time. And so, now you know what to avoid, you understand the paradoxes, you understand the criteria, you understand the algorithmic shift that's happening. Now, let me give you the actual niches. I'm not just going to list broad categories like every single other video does. I'm going to give you specific sub niches within these categories because that is where the real money is made. Because just choosing a broad category like health is not going to work. You need it to go specific. The first niche, and this is one that I'm personally starting channels in right now, is YouTube education. You're watching a YouTube education video right now. Videos on this topic have hundreds of thousands of views. They're very validated. You can easily sell things within this niche, including software. I have several software companies. You can sell courses, and you can be an affiliate for these things as well. So, it hits all the criteria. This is something very evergreen. YouTube's only going to be growing over the next 10 years. So, YouTube education is an amazing niche, and you can even do it in a faceless way. As I mentioned, I'm starting new channels within this niche like Stickman Matt, for example, which is already doing incredibly good. So, YouTube education is amazing. You don't need to be the biggest expert in the world to start a channel within this niche, either. You just need to know more than the majority of people, and if you're watching this content, that is likely the case for you. The second niche is personal finance for specific life stages. Not just personal finance, because that's too broad. I'm talking about personal finance for people in their 20s, or personal finance for people in their 50s, or personal finance for single parents. And if you search, for example, personal finance in your 50s, you'll see channels like Kevin Lum right here, who gets almost a million views per month. And mind you, this is a very high CPM niche. He does a lot of videos like, "If you're in your 50s or 60s, make these five critical financial moves." And this specificity, that's calling out to a particular subset of people, is so powerful, no matter what niche that you're in. I'm going to show you a few more examples of this in several other niches, as well. But, this is incredibly powerful. His channel does incredibly well. There's also faceless channels that do this, like Blissful Retirement Haven, for example, that is doing incredibly good. And again, you don't need to be the world's foremost expert on personal finance, when you have tools like Tube Magic, where you can put in multiple different context videos that have already done really good, and they get an original script that's going to be even better. The next niche is travel tips and tutorials within a specific sub niche. I'm not talking about generic travel vlogs, you know, where someone just walks around Paris and talks about things to do. I mean educational problem-solving content like cruise tips and tricks. Like for example, Cruise Like a Pro, which does super well, or airline hacks and airport secrets like the channel Passport Pro, or packing strategies, channels like Pack Hacker, or places to retire abroad, channels like Scary Harry do really good with this. One of the biggest advertisers on YouTube is Expedia, which is a travel company, so they're going to put their ads on travel videos, driving up the CPM within this niche. Also, you can easily sell a program within this niche. I would recommend using Moon, which is another one of my companies, >> [music] >> and it basically allows you to create a community that you can charge money for. So, you could create a community of people who are interested in this, and it can come with different courses, and even coaching if you want as well, and you can charge a set amount for this and make a lot more than just ad revenue. And these channels like Cruise Like a Pro and Passport Pro, these are channels that you can generate these types of videos using software like my software VidAI that allows you to generate these simple stock footage videos with a realistic voice-over that's indistinguishable from a human, and you can generate these in a few minutes, identical videos to this using vid.ai. The next niche is health and longevity for specific demographics. Again, not just health, not just fitness. I'm talking about channels that focus on health for men, for example, over 50. Mobility exercises for office workers, longevity and anti-aging science. This niche is blowing up right now because there's a huge cultural shift where people are trying to be more healthy. And a lot of people are obsessed with living longer, living better, and optimizing their health. And CPMs are reflecting this accordingly with tons of health companies and supplement companies advertising on YouTube. And this is an audience that takes action as well. And there's examples of faceless channels like Captain Workout as well as Yellow Dude, that do faceless tutorials showing how to work out. It's not even a real person, they're completely faceless. They get millions of views per month. And there's also personal channels, like for example, this guy who recently did a hyper specific video on his channel talking about creatine for people over 50. So, a hyper specific supplement on a hyper specific demographic. Combining those two together, it seems so specific, like how could that video do well? There are tons of people who are interested in it, and that video called out specifically to them, and it did really well. All the other videos on his channel weren't doing very well, but that changed the trajectory of his channel. It got over a million views. Another niche that's really overlooked right now is pet content. And I know what you might be thinking, like pet content, is that really something people have burning problems in that they want to solve? And yes, it turns out that it is. Pet owners are incredibly passionate. They spend a lot of money on their pets. And I remember growing up with dogs and cats. And if there was ever like a health concern or behavioral issue or something like that, the first place I went was YouTube. I was able to train my dog completely just through YouTube videos. The CPM is solid cuz there's huge pet companies advertising on these. And there's very few high-quality channels that are focused on specific breeds. I think this is a huge untapped opportunity of doing videos, like for example, how to train a German Shepherd dog specifically. And look at this channel called The Purring Journal. It's in the cat niche. They never show their face. It's literally just stock footage videos. They get 337,000 views a month. They're an affiliate for a bunch of different products, probably making around 10 grand a month from all their different sources. And if they had a course on top of that, they could even make a lot more. Other channels are Smart Dog Lover, Animal Facts, and Animal Wise, which are all faceless channels in the pet niche. Now, the next niche is the make money online niche. And I know you might be thinking, Matt, didn't you say earlier in this video to avoid the make money online niche at all costs? And yes, I did, if you do it wrong. And the majority of people do. When you do videos like how to make $500 a day or saying specific things, you can get in trouble for that and videos will get taken down. I've actually faced some of that here on my channel as well. And I think YouTube is doing these actions to protect themselves from agencies like the FTC, for example, where they don't want to have a problem with them. So, they want to regulate like if people make specific claims in titles or thumbnails, even if they don't in the video make it very clear and you put tons of disclaimers and everything else, YouTube doesn't want to deal with that. So, they are taking down channels that do that. I think they have like automated algorithms that do that. So, you can do this the right way though. For example, channels like Zennie Studio, which is completely faceless, teaches how to make money with YouTube and she's doing it the right way in my opinion. She has a AI avatar and she just teaches people how to use different AI tools to make money and she frames it in the context of like online business instead of you will become a millionaire overnight if you watch this video. Don't do videos like that. So, there's a right way of doing the make money online niche, but make it more focused on the tutorial aspect of it. Another great thing you can do is to create a custom GPT of the YouTube terms and service. This is what I personally did and then you can put any video ideas or thumbnails that you're thinking of into that and you can see if it'll break any terms. The next niche is relationship advice and self-improvement. Great example of channel in this that's doing a specific sub niche is the Stoic Journal, which talks about tenets of stoicism >> and what different stoic teachers throughout the ages have taught and it's a amazing sub niche. Tons of people are interested in it and I would go into something specific like that. For example, if you're doing relationships, you could talk about, for example, how to get a girlfriend in your early 20s or get a boyfriend or whatever. Or you could talk about how to find a wife in your 50s or 60s. When you call out to specific people like that, it works so well and that's one of the broad themes that you're probably noticing throughout this video is to focus on a specific demographic when it comes to any of these niches. The next niche is technology tutorials and software reviews. I have a student, Karim. He makes 10 grand a month just promoting some different software from his videos, and it's recurring as well. So, people, you know, buy these software through his affiliate links, and he only promotes a couple different ones, and then they're paying monthly, and he gets a commission for that monthly for life, depending on the affiliate program that you sign up for. And the videos are super easy to make. You can easily just use OBS to record your screen, show how to use these different software, do a full tutorial, for example, how to use VidIQ step-by-step tutorial, then put your affiliate link in the description for VidIQ, and then get 33% commissions for life. Now, this is the most important thing I'm going to say in this entire video. The niche alone is not enough, because there is a fourth and final paradox, which is that two people can start a channel within the same exact niche and get completely different results. One person's channel absolutely takes off, whereas the other person's channel gets zero views within the same exact niche. It can even be the same type of content, but completely opposite outcomes. The difference is not the niche. So, you're probably asking, "Matt, what is the difference?" And it's something that nobody knows about and that nobody talks about. Now, I'm going to reveal that to you right now. All you have to do is simply click this video next to me right here, and I'm going to show you what that is that nobody talks about that allows you to blow up a channel, and it's in the first few secrets within this video right here. This is a must-watch. It'll be the best investment of an hour into your YouTube strategy ever. Click it, watch it, check it out. My name is Matt Par, and I'll see you there.

  Top Comments:
  1. @itsfinbricks [4 likes]: the niches
- youtube education
- personal finance
- travel tips
- health & longevity
- pet content 
- make money online
- relationship advice & self improvement

you’re welcome
  2. @DarkVault-f2 [2 likes]: good
  3. @playkids4 [2 likes]: good man
  4. @SimonGoulet-d4t [1 likes]: Thank you for the advices and expertise, well done.
  5. @LasaniMentor [1 likes]: Nice video 👍👍👍👍
  6. @Mrclip_1-v4b: Is Mr best niche good
  7. @grey_shady99: A thousand channels ??
  8. @agmusic3359: Just go with what you like. There's no rulebook to become big and that's been proven time and again
  9. @DSPSTRYX: Your face is very nice 👍❤😊
  10. @Clipbun.io6466: If anyone needs an editor !!!
  11. @SuperZimzoom: I get it, the rules of engagement in the YT Universe, hype the topic for 8 minutes, then give a breadcrumb of value, rinse and repeat. Some of the people, some of the time. Reminds me of Rousey vs Carano, now there was some hype! Just look at the thumbnails to your right, everybody has got this, or they don't, and neither do/will you.
  12. @Juror-o9l: Thank you
  13. @skazisrb: 20 minutes wasted, i learned nothing youre hust recycling all other YouTube videos
  14. @ForestDruid-TN: What is the best niche for the niche algorithm with sub niches in the best niches?
  15. @MindOverMoney001: nice one Matt
  16. @tonyr6365: Jesus and what He provides. God Loves all people. God does not want anyone to perish. God does what He can to save people. 
Salvation 
Eternal Life
Total Forgiveness
Love
Remember, confess, it goes away. If we confess our sins God is faithful and just to forgive our sins and cleanse us from all unrighteousness. Even if you die with unconfessed sins you will be completely forgiven in Heaven because you have been born again/saved.
Working the worm: forgiveness through the Blood of Jesus causes the worm of your life to become a beautiful butterfly in eternity. Ask the Lord Jesus to cause you to forgive. When you forgive others, God will forgive you. You can also tell God you are sorry and ask Him to forgive you and He will. God will cause you to forgive and not have anything left unforgiven if you are saved. This will happen in heaven if you don’t finish forgiving everyone who hurt or was in debt to you on earth. When God forgives you could be healed also. Jesus healed a paralyzed man in the Bible after saying to him your sins are forgiven you and telling the man to take up His bed and walk to prove that He could forgive sins. When you are saved all your sins will be forgiven. And you have never done anything God won’t forgive and you never will do anything God will not forgive.
Their worm dies not and the fire is not quenched is what a person is if they are not saved/born again at some point. Today is the day of salvation. Don’t risk hell. Ask the Lord Jesus to save you.
Not a complete list: Love, Forgiveness, Salvation, Eternal Life, and Love of the Lord Jesus; Peace, Joy, Righteousness, and Love in the Holy Spirit; and Love, Life, Jesus and the Holy Spirit come from the Heavenly Father. God is Love. They are Elohim. He is God. God is Good.
Ask Jesus for the Living Water and it will spring up inside you unto Eternal Life.
When You are saved you are born again at the same time. To be saved do one or more of the following. Ask the Lord Jesus, Jesus, Isa or Yeshua, to save you. Anyone who calls on the name of the Lord will be saved. Jesus Christ is Lord. For God so loved the world that only begotten Son so that anyone who believes Him will not perish but have Eternal Life. Believe in the Lord Jesus Christ and you will be saved and your household also. Confess with your mouth Jesus is Lord and believe in your heart God has raised Jesus from the dead and you will be saved. Die for Jesus and the Gospels sake and you will be saved.
If you ask the Heavenly Father for the Holy Spirit in Jesus name you will receive the Holy Spirit.
Jesus was crucified and died so that people would be saved. On the cross Jesus said it is finished also meaning paid in full. The wages of sin is death but the gift of God is eternal life through Jesus Christ our Lord. All have sinned and come short of the glory of God. As Moses lifted up the serpent in the wilderness so must the Son of God be lifted up. Jesus said that when He is lifted up He will draw all mankind unto Himself. When we see Jesus it allows us to live and be healed. Jesus was crucified on a wooden cross to break the curse of the Law. The Law said that cursed is any man who is hung from a tree and Jesus did not deserve to be cursed. Jesus died so that we could eternal life because He tasted death for all men. Jesus is righteous and innocent. Jesus’s Blood was shed so that all people could be forgiven. We are righteous because we believe in Jesus. Jesus is the Way, the Truth, and the Life. He is the way to God the Father. His Truth breaks Satan’s deception. If you believe in the truth and act on it you will do works of righteousness. You shall know the truth and the truth shall set you free. Jesus gives people eternal Life. Eternal Life is knowing the Father God, the Son of God and the Spirit of God for eternity. Jesus is the Word of God who was made flesh. Jesus is the Lamb of God who takes away the sins of the world.
God is Love. He who is forgiven much loves much. We love God because He first loved us. If you are saved you will love Jesus. Jesus is the Author and Perfector/Finisher of our Faith. Where sin abounds, grace does much more abound. Love/Grace/Mercy is where God loves us, saves us and gives us eternal life and God even though we don’t deserve it. By grace are we saved through faith and that not of ourselves it is the gift of God not of works so that no man should boast. Eternal Life is a free gift that God gives that we can’t earn and can’t lose after we have been saved. All we like sheep have God astray, we have all turned to our own way and the Lord has laid on Him the inquity of us all. The wages of sin is death but the gift of God is eternal life through Jesus Christ our Lord. Eternal life is knowing God for eternity. God is eternal and God is Life. Jesus is the Resurrection and the Life. When Jesus returns to earth all the people who were saved and have died will be resurrected and all the people who are saved and are alive when He returns will have their body transformed into an immortal body and will never die. 
Reconciliation- When we forgive and are forgiven we are reconciled not holding what was forgiven against the person. If you are having a problem with anger forgive until the anger goes away.
Delusions. Lies if believed causes deception. Deception causes delusions where your understanding of reality is changed and you start acting in an illogical way. It is logical to believe what is true. If you believe in the Truth who is Jesus you will break through deception and be free.
God is good. God is Love. Perfect Love casts out fear. Torment is fear of punishment. Jesus is Truth and Jesus’s Blood will cause us to be forgiven of all our sins if we are saved.
Justice is getting what you deserve. This is an unfair existence. Mercy overcomes judgment. Mercy rejoices against judgement. Mercy triumphs over judgment. Judge not lest ye be judged. Remember you had to be forgiven too. It is unfair that God is not loved completely. Lord Jesus cause me to forgive people. By grace are we saved through faith and that is not of our selves it is the gift of God not of works lest any man should boast.
The Baptism of the Holy Spirit is when you receive the Holy Spirit. The Holy Spirit is The Anointing, the Living Water springing up on the inside to eternal life and the Breath of Life which is what we breathe to stay alive is the Holy Spirit. The Spirit of God in the Old Testament is the same person as the Holy Spirit in the New. Ask the Heavenly Father in Jesus name for the Holy Spirit and you will receive Him. Ask Jesus For the Living Water and He will give you the Living Water. The fruit of Spirit is Love, Joy, Peace, Patients, Kindness, Goodness, Gentilness, Faithfulness, Meekness, and Self-control/Temperance. Jesus said before.
Jesus is meek and lowly and humble.
Middle mgmt. yells at people for not doing what they are supposed to do. Don’t be like middle mgmt. Lord Jesus cause me to forgive people for not doing what they are supposed to do.
  17. @FinanceAfterDarkk: Still waiting for my 1st human viewer 🥲
  18. @DanFanimals: Dog hug niche here 😂
  19. @Kyren009: I almost gave up but after watching this video i will keep going 🎉🎉.
  20. @josephsim2256: bro you and yours are responsible for %95 garbage on my youtube feed, this low effort shit cant get banned quickly enough

- 7 Faceless YouTube Niches That Pay Better Than Your Job: Kind: captions Language: en-US Late to the party? We do this every week,&nbsp;click the link and it'll show you the next one

  Top Comments:
  1. @ShaneHummus [9 likes]: 🔴 ONE-TIME YOUTUBE LIVE TRAINING THIS WEEK: 👉 https://go.thecontentgrowthengine.com/live-11-29-2025
🚀 Apply For 1:1 YouTube Coaching: 👉 https://go.thecontentgrowthengine.com/yt-11-29-2025
  2. @kickoff.7 [1 likes]: Now tell me which one is less competetive
  3. @VariousTopics2024andbeyond: Shane, how do you feel about an A.I. podcast channel?
  4. @terriberry9401: Great video! New sub. Thx!
  5. @MichaelNicollRomance: nice
  6. @JuanJimenezrtv: Bull
  7. @reap_city: really helpful and informative. 💯 thank you for your video
  8. @ThiagoGarcia-t8q: Excellent content. Keep it up! Congratulations!
  9. @Robin_In_CA: Thank you Shane, this is inspiring!
  10. @SpeedyShorts-f8v: Yoo
  11. @TuneBhoomi: this is kinda eye opening tbh
  12. @NasibulKhan-ss5bv: who knew faceless could pay so much lol
  13. @ГенаБак-ы9щ: Interesting how faceless channels can still build trust. With LongStories ai, I focus on visuals, but your point about topic selection feels like the real lever.
  14. @AmitNamdev-r1w: been thinking about switching my job
  15. @AliAbwAlHasan: pretty cool ideas here, thanks for sharing
  16. @AyanDabhoiwala-ys7td: thanks for the tips, really helpful
  17. @ابوياسينمحمد-ي6ط: lowkey gonna try one of these ideas
  18. @TamimEkbal-n4g: this is eye opening, never thought of it like this
  19. @saminuddingibrahim: who knew faceless channels could pay so much
  20. @Mechy200o: are slightly animated profile pictures a good analog?

- Faceless YouTube Channels Making $10K/Month (USA Tested): Kind: captions Language: en I researched over 100 USA-based YouTube channels and found only a few niches that consistently generate high RPM and grow very fast. And in this video, I'm not just going to tell you about those niches. I'll also show you real data and explain why and how these niches can be the best for you. This video is for those who don't want to show their face, who have very little time, but still want to become a content creator, and don't worry. You can create videos in all these niches using just your phone. If you have a laptop or PC, even better. So, let's start with the first niche, history-based storytelling channels. If we look at tools like Social Blade, these types of channels can earn anywhere from $400 to $6,000 per month. Now, I know some people say Social Blade is not accurate, but here's the truth. It takes real data directly from YouTube, like views, subscribers, and channel stats. The only estimate is earnings, which is calculated based on CPM. But in reality, USA-based channels often get much higher RPM, sometimes 10 to $15, or even more. That means actual earnings are often higher than what is shown. And creating these videos is not as hard as you think. You can do it in just 4 to 5 hours a day. First, find content from public domain books or Google Books. Then, use ChatGPT to generate your script. After that, create a voiceover using 11-Labs. Add visuals and upload your video. Now, let's talk about another powerful niche, business documentaries. This niche covers technology, innovation, and business stories. And it can generate $15 to $20 RPM. These videos get millions of views because they combine storytelling with valuable knowledge. Next, a fast-growing niche, visual content without voice. Some channels are getting millions of views without showing their face or even using voice. Just visuals, sound effects, and background music. Another powerful niche, car storytelling. You don't need to be an expert, just basic research, good storytelling, and strong visuals, and one video can earn you thousands of dollars. Then comes fitness content. Fitness is evergreen. People always want to improve their health. With the right motivation and good presentation, even simple videos can go viral. Another high-growth niche, AI news and tools. Every day new updates are coming, and if you stay consistent, you can build a strong channel. Finally, one of the highest-paying niches, personal finance. This niche combines finance, education, and storytelling. And it can reach $35 to $45 RPM. It attracts a premium audience and offers huge earning potential. So, these were the top that can help you grow fast and earn more. If you found this helpful, make sure to like the video and subscribe to the channel because creating content like this takes a lot of effort. And if you want to learn editing, check out the links in the description.

- 5 Faceless AI Niches to Get RICH in 2026: Kind: captions Language: en I've researched hundreds of faceless YouTube channels to find the five niches that will actually make you money coming into 2026. But before I show you them, I want you to see this. This is an AI channel that generated a little over 2.5 million views in the last 30 days and has earned a little over $3,000. Compare that to this AI channel that got 1.9 million views in the last 30 days. That's about 25% less views than the first channel I showed you. But the difference is this channel, Nick Invest, made over $20,000. So, how did this channel have less views but nearly seven times of the revenue? The answer is the niche they got into. Now, I want to quickly go through why these two channels are vastly different. If you look, both of these channels are uploading very, very often, but this one here is having random breakout vids like 500k views, 200k views, 100k views, while Nick Invest is more so, you know, pretty similar view count per video, which this just makes Nick Invest a better niche in general because you want to look for channels that have a consistent view count. This looks kind of ugly to me. You know, 2K views, 18K here, 200K here. But I'll just go to this 200k view video and show you what I mean. Now, I'll play the audio so you can kind of hear. And if I I skim through it, there's pretty much there's no commentary. There's no English or anything. But if you look immediately, there's not many comments. There's 17 comments on 215,000 views. If I go to Nick Invest's most popular video, let's look for a 200,000 view video for comparison. This one has 195. So, so not even 200,000 views and this one has 311 comments and it has 20,000 views less. So, this doesn't have a lot of comments. Tells you not a big English audience and that's going to be very bad. Now, next thing you can look I don't know what language this is, but this is not English. This is definitely not English. I mean, this comment is bad English grammar. What an engaging content. Emojis, you know, nothing about this screams good RPM, which is why I believe this RPM is somewhere between $1 and $2. I estimated it with a $1.50 RPM. Now, Nick Invest, if I play a few seconds of his video, >> your 30s are when life decides to throw every >> It's in English and right. So, this video is 200,000 views and it's talking about how major money accomplishments in your 30s. So, he's targeting people in their 30s who want to invest their money. So these are people that speak English, people that, you know, are of the age to spend a lot of their money and people that have enough money where they're watching YouTube videos talking about where to invest their money. So Nick Invest RPM could be anywhere from $10 to $20. And there are plenty of factors that can affect RPM. For example, this channel I'm logged into has made $23,000 in the last 90 days. And that's on 900,000 views. That's not even 1 million views, and it made 23K. And if I press on the revenue tab for a random video, you can see the revenue per 1,000 views is $27. And that's not because this is a crazy good audience. It's just because in this case, the videos are all 2 hours long. So there are a number of things that can affect your RPM, the length of the video, the age of your audience, where they're located. Because of this, if you really want to maximize how much money you're making in 2026, it really comes down to the niche you pick. So I decided to put together this list of channels that are faceless, channels that you can automate, and channels that finally print money. And all five of these will work. The one that you choose just depends on what you have. Time, patience, money, tools, etc. But by the end of this list, you'll know which one fits you. Let's jump over to the first niche. The first niche I want to go over ties into the type of category as Nick invests, and that's going to be yachts and boats. This channel is great. It is brand new. If we go to oldest video, the first video is one month ago. And you might be like, well, what makes this channel good? Well, there's a number of things that make this channel good. You might see there's only 1.9K subscribers. That's not a lot at all. And their videos are getting 2,000 views, 5,000, 11,000, 2,000, 4,000. But the thing is, their views are very consistent. They're getting somewhere between like 7 to 20k views per video. And this is very, very typical. If I scroll, you can kind of see this is pretty typical for just about all of their videos. Maybe like one out of every five videos goes a little bit under or over that amount, but that's perfectly normal. If four out of five videos are in that same range, that's a really good sign. And so consistent view count shows that if we get into this niche, we should expect the same results. The niche is also only a month old. We want to find stuff that's within 3 months because that is pretty much the like that's the amount of time that you typically want to look for for a niche to be because if a niche is over 3 months old, it's probably not trending anymore. There might be too many competitors, etc. And let's go over to SocialBlade. Social Blade is pretty much a website, not sponsored or anything, but it just shows us the stats of a channel. And this channel is getting 13,000 views per day. Now, 13,000 views per day isn't anything crazy, right? If this had like a dollar RPM, like the first channel I showed, this would be $13 per day, which wouldn't be a lot, but this channel is about yachts and boats. I mean, I can't think of a higher RPM niche. This is more than literally targeted towards people who own a boat. 10 DIY fixes to add $1,000 to your boat's value. I mean, this has 13,000 views and it's 2 weeks old. 13,000 people who own a boat watch this video. And YouTube knows this person watching this owns a boat cuz they're clicking on a video about how to add to their boat's value. So this channel could potentially have an RPM higher than Nick Invest. And a lot of their videos are like around 20 minutes long. I could totally see this channel having somewhere around a $15 RPM. That's pretty realistic. Somewhere between 10 and 15. And if we pull out the handy dandy calculator app, this channel is a month old. And let's say they're getting 13,400 views per day. Divide that by 1,000. All we got to do is multiply that by 15. This is how much they're making per day. Multiply this by 30. This channel is making $6,000 a month. And you might be like, well, 6,000 a month isn't the craziest thing. But considering how easy these videos are to make, they're just completely made with AI. I mean, I'll play you a little bit just so you can see, but it's just stock footage, AI images, and AI script and voiceover. >> We are counting down the 10 most overbuilt fiberglass boats that defy everything you have been told about modern manufacturing. from hulls laid up. >> Like they're just taking B-roll footage. It's clearly an AI script, clearly an AI voiceover. Super super easy to replicate. For example, if I go into Tube Gen's niche finder and search up this channel, this channel should come up and we see yachts and boats right here. And then all we have to do is copy style. I just want to show you how quickly I can get a script and a voiceover and a title ready on a channel like this. Then from here, we can just press create video, create our project, and then press on yachts and boats. And then to generate our title, we just press generate from your style. It's going to analyze the outlier videos on this channel. It's pretty much just going to go to their videos, see their recent videos, and which ones did better. So, for example, this right here, the actual reason you never see skuters on modern whatever it says. This is an outlier video because it's sandwiched by two median view videos, right? 5,000 views and 2,000 views, 11,000 views in the middle. These two right here are both outlier videos. This one right here is an outlier video. just you you'll see immediately because you have 4,000 views here, 4,000 views here, and in between is 20,000 20,000, 6,000, 6,000, in between is 38. And the newer an outlier video is, the better. So even though this one has 11,000, this one has 38. This is going to be the best outlier. This will be the second best, third best, fourth best, kind of just in order of the the outlier that's sandwiched between two medium view videos. And that's how you determine your outliers. The newest outliers are going to be the best ones just because that's what's going to be most recently trending. So, this is how TubeGen's going to come up with a title. Hint hint, by the way, every single niche that we're about to see, you can make completely with AI. I'm not going to go through the process. I'm just going to go through the process a little bit to show you how easy it is to do for a channel like Yachts and Boats. But all these channels, what I'm about to show you, you can do for all of them. In just around a minute or so, we have 12 titles generated. They're based on the outlier videos. And then it's just up to us to pretty much choose one. So, let's do like seven DIY mods that destroy your boat's resale value. And then we just press use title and it's going to move our title over to the script. And then we can simply press generate and it's going to generate a script based on the scripts from that channel. So when we created the style, it actually downloaded the transcripts to their videos, read the scripts, and train Tube Tube's AI script writer to write in the same manner. So now our script is being written as if we have the same script writer as their channel, which we already know it's AI. But now pretty much if you read the script, pause it and go to their channel, whatever, and you'll see that this script is going to be written just about exactly the same. Same pacing, the paragraphs are going to be the same length, same intros length, same outro length, stuff like that. By the way, while we sit here with the script to generate, if you're interested in Tube Genen, there's a referral link in the description. You can get a discount when getting a plan. And in Tube Genen, you can create title, script, description, voiceover, visuals, thumbnails, soundtrack, and there's even a full entire course with one weekly group call. So, if you're interested in that link below. And now our script is done. Here it is. And when we go over to the voiceover tab, we can actually generate a description for the video. Let's go over to the voiceover tab. And it automatically imports the script. We can show the script here. And here it is right here. And then to generate a voice over, you just press generate. And Tube Genen picked an AI voice for us that's most similar to the voice they use on their channel or most similar to the style and toning of the script. And this is actually using 11 Labs. Tube Genen is officially partnered with 11 Labs. So the voices are going to be the highest quality you can get. So you don't got to worry about using an AI voice that could get you demonetized because it sounds too robotic or anything. So here's the voice over. It's 20 minutes long. I'll play you the first little bit just so you can get an idea as to what it sounds like. You bought your boat with dreams of endless weekends on the water. Maybe even that cross ocean adventure you've been planning since college. >> Now, I think TubeJ was trying to give an old man voice here, but the thing is you can always go to the styles and change the voice if you don't like the voice because you can pretty much choose any voice from 11 Labs library. And like I said, I don't want to go through the whole video process, but now we have the script, we have the voice over. So, you know how to put the video together. So, you just go in the visuals and you can generate visuals or just take B-roll. But now I want to take you over to the second channel, which the second channel is an interesting one. I found Earth attacks and this is pretty much news talking about weather related news. Like one minute ago, New Year's volcanic nightmare, Japan's rupture, swarm earthquake, you know, Italy's super volcano, all this type of news that they're posting around once a day. And they're getting like 20,000, 3,000, 5,000, 4,000. They're getting anywhere between, once again, five to 20,000 views. In this case, the RPM might not be crazy crazy high. It might be $4 or so. But what's really great about this niche is, keep in mind, every niche there's pros and cons. What was great about this niche is that the fact that it's low view count. You don't need a lot of views, but you can have a really high RPM. This one, once again, not crazy high view count and not crazy high RPM, but it's super easy to just spam upload these videos that there are just so many of these videos. I mean, check out how many videos there are. That this person is probably getting a lot of views per day, right? If I were to copy and paste their channel into uh SocialBlade, we're going to be able to see that they're getting 14,000 views per day. For example, on this day right here, this person was able to get 45,000 views. And this channel, I believe, is a little bit newer than yachts and boats. And this is why this is a great niche. I kind of wanted to show uh different ends of the spectrum for everything. So, like I said, this niche I picked because it's low view, but high RPM, so you don't need a lot of views. You can have a high RPM and you're good. This one is um not too crazy views. It looks like it's actually starting to pick up, but it's more so the output. I actually think this person could probably be uploading three times per day. And I know so because I run a news channel before. I ran a politics channel and I was uploading on that channel six times per day. And on one day, I made $3,700 on that channel. So, this person could easily spam more uploads. If anybody's watching this and wants to take this niche and do what this guy isn't and just upload more, I think that would be a great idea. And this niche is easily bringing in a few thousand per month. Nothing crazy. Maybe between two and 3,000. But like I said, I want to go over the best niches because I want to show niches that aren't taken over yet. If I was showing niches that are making like 30 $40,000 a month, chances are they're probably already saturated. So, these are niches that you guys live watching this video could get into. if you want to make a few, thousand a month, like this guy, he's missing out. And I think one of you guys watching could uh take it. I I honestly think somebody watching this will go ahead take my advice and pretty much take this guy's views. Let's go over to the third channel, which is very similar to the channel I showed that I'm logged into. And this uh channel, they're uploading once every 3 days. And their views aren't absurd. They're getting, you know, 6,000, 7,000, 60,000. There's some outlier videos that are doing good. Um, but they're probably getting a a decent amount of views per day and they're pretty much doing missing children, right? And if we go over >> much beyond that, they were getting by, >> you can pretty much see that this is just uh, you know, B-roll, AI generated images with an AI script and voice over. Super super easy. This is probably the easiest channel on the list to actually make videos for. And this channel is relatively new. If we sort by oldest, it's a month old, but they only recently started getting views around here, right? And what's different about this channel, right? Let's go and order again. This one high RPM. This one you have potential to upload a lot. This one is the length of the videos. You can see these are all between 50 minutes and an hour long. Let's see if we can. They're pretty diligent. Here's one that's over an hour, but I don't see anything that's under 50 minutes. So, it seems like their minimum is 50 minutes. Like, this is their shortest video. I believe 50 minutes 46 seconds. Let's go over and put them in SocialBlade. See how many views they are getting on the daily. Well, for some reason, I'm not able to see them on SocialBlade. Maybe their channel is too new and has only started picking up views. But there's a workaround. We could just go to more and see how many views they've gotten. They got 401,000 views in the last month. So, if we do 401,000 views, divide that by a,000, then we have 41. And what RPM I am I going to give this? I'm going to give this a $15 RPM because of the length. So, this is going to be high RPM, but not like yachts and boats because of the audience, but more so because of the length of the videos. This is going to be $15 RPM, which once again, we have a $6,000 a month niche. And this one so far has been the least uploads, right? Yachts and boats uploading daily. Earth Attacks uploading daily. I think they should be uploading three or four times a day. Some advantage you guys can take there. Then here, they're uploading once every 3 days. So, this is the least amount out of all the channels we looked at, but they're making almost the most, right? um pretty high amount. So, this is another niche that's great, something that has low competition and could easily be broken into. And if you guys see these niches, you're interested in getting started or you're interested in Tube Gen or whatever the case is, I have taught a plenty of people how to go from scratch to having progress and actually getting their first channel monetized in my one-on-one mentorship. I take a few people a month. So, if you want to apply below and see if you have enough free time to actually work with me, go ahead and apply. And the thing is is that you get TubeGen for free included in my mentorship. So I'm going to give you Tube Genen, teach you how to use it, and pretty much show you how to grow channels like these Made with AI. Anyways, let's get back into the video and go into the next niche, which is the fourth niche. This is going to be Break Files. This channel is 1 month old just about exactly, and they only have a few videos with their latest video being 237,000 views. And this one I'm showing for a new reason. This one I'm showing because their view count is pretty high for a month in. This is pretty good. Latest video at 237,000 views. And the thing is, guess what? All of this is generated with AI. It is very clear to tell that these are all AI generated videos, AI generated images. Very, very easy to tell. And once again, this is something you can do in Tube Gen. You can go into the visuals. For example, if we use generated voice over, you can see you can animate images here. If we go into advanced mode, we can make different segments, right? But in this case, this is a type of video where you would probably just use basic mode here. And you would just animate the entire video. And here we can choose, you know, 3D model for example. This is what they're doing. And you can make an entire video like this. And if we listen to it, the script and voice over, it's going to be an AI script. Once again, AI voiceover. And this is just going to be AI animations that are timed with the voice over, which is something that TubeJunk can do. >> Polish scout arrested in 1940 for resisting Nazi occupation. >> Right. So very clear. Once again, another fully AI channel. Like I said, I vetted all these channels. But like I said, guys, all of these channels are going to be able to be made with AI uh even without Tube Gen. But Tube Gen obviously is just super easy because you everything integrates into the next step. Like the title goes straight into the script, script goes into the voiceover without you having to manually move anything. Now, this channel, if you press on more, they have 417,000 views. This channel, due to the length and the audience, I would give it a $7 RPM. So, we get 410* 7. They've made around $3,000 in their first month. And I think this channel is going to continue to grow. I think this one has the highest potential to make the most next month. So, out of all of these channels, I think this one will make the most next month. And this one, this one is they're uploading like once a week pretty much. And this channel, this might be my favorite one on the list just because of how easy it is to make. The views are great. Just everything about this is great. They only have five videos. They're 13 days old. There's no competition. And this is fully AI. Once again, we press on it. Cross bridges without thinking stone arches. >> Same thing. AI script, AI voiceover. Everything is AI. Once again, easy cuz it can be made in Tube Gen. And this channel is doing great. I mean, 80,000 views here, 70,000 views here, 70,000 views here. And then their worst two videos are 20,000 views each, right? If you average these, 22 + 17 divide by two, that's just around 20,000. So their videos are doing around 70,000, 70,000, 80,000. And then their two worst. So, three of their five videos are are doing around 70 to 80,000 views. And then their two worst are doing 20,000. So, if we're saying they're getting 60,000 views a video, 60,000 divided by a,000 is obviously 60. And this probably has a little bit of an older audience as well. So, I'd give this around a $6 or $7 RPM. Assuming it's seven, they could be making $420 every time they upload. So, if these guys uploaded, let's say, three times a week, right? And multiply that by four, these guys would be making 5K a month. I think once again these guys aren't uploading a month or enough. Sorry. Somebody watching this this one is the freest one. Somebody watching this go take this niche. I mean this one I think is my favorite one just because there's no compet. I don't I don't think it's the best niche. I think it's just the fact that the main person in this niche is just not taking advantage of it at all. Um and this is why I show this. You might see some other videos like oh here's the best niche, you know, boring history. Like the channel I'm logged into right now that you know already has 50 competitors. Like all of these guys have no competitors. These are niches that you can actually get into right now because what's the point of pressing on a video that are titled five best niches if you're not actually getting good niches that you can actually start. So if you're early in this video or you check and not many people have started, I'd recommend going ahead. I think any of these niches are good. You have an extremely high chance of actually getting monetized. Especially if you're a beginner and you don't know what to do, here you go. Here are niches you can start. And like I said, if you don't know what you're doing or you already do and you want some extra help, you can apply to work with me in the description. That's going to be all for the video. Thank you so much.

  Top Comments:
  1. @BlackVideon: Great video❤
  2. @Cartoon.cocomelonvibe: Bro ut heloed a lot thanks
  3. @ImperiumOfDust: That's kinda my channel niche that i've just started.  what do you think?
  4. @FactTopSecrets: Thanks for the great vibes!
  5. @Wahabtech_12: Check my bio
  6. @TuanSudutPandang: 1:37 is Indonesian Language
  7. @RantzMode: Love some of these niche ideas
  8. @AIUnlocked-4u: Interesting...
  9. @chronoframesyt: Yes. New ideas .
  10. @Lou.intelligence.artificielle: Tubegen ai is a scam. I cancelled my plan and they still charged me 100 USD. Of course no answer by email. Be careful guys
  11. @ChronoBeasts-r6i: Hi Eddie, I purchased your $99 bunker product few days ago and I am now requesting for a refund as I do not wish to pursue further as it''s not for me.  Please respond to my message and initiate my refund. Thanks
  12. @BIBLESLEEPSTORIES-j2f: ❤,thank you
  13. @TheHistoricHook: I think I just found a niche from this video that I’ll be tapping into
  14. @Juugin4Jesus: I want to try it, but the price isn't beginner friendly, Maybe I will find a partner to split the cost or find success first!!!
  15. @chado3246: Try @anylinkloader_bot to save videos. It’s super fast and sends you an MP4 file right away
  16. @CityScapeLofi-tv: Just do where you interest lays! That way It will last and you will not quit after a minor inconvenience or lack of growth.
  17. @elanecristinahenriqueolive3846: top
  18. @realends: So you said everything you can make with AI, but most important part, how it will look with your shity tool, you didn't show 😂
  19. @hotnews5936: why are so many yt coaches nowadays? is selling courses that profitble?
  20. @Mixoo-9: Anyone want to buy my channel?”

- Why 99% of Faceless Channels fail (YOUTUBER EXPLAINS): Kind: captions Language: en let me tell you why 99% of faceless YouTube channels fail and how you can be in the 1% that succeed but before we get into it let me explain why you should even be listening to me in the first place see I started creating faceless YouTube channels in 2017 since then I've grown over 20 faceless YouTube channels some have failed some have blown up to millions of views and from two of the channels I've made over $100,000 so in this video I'll share what I've learned over the last 6 years so that you're not in the 99% that try and fail you've probably heard of faceless YouTube channels but if you haven't picture a YouTube channel with no YouTuber in the videos that's it that's all they are and the first thing you need to know about why 99% of them fail is because people come into it thinking faceless YouTube channels are an easy way to get rich quick online and that's probably because there's a ton of YouTube videos out there telling you that that is the case people will tell you to Outsource everything go to Fiverr get a script writer a voiceover artist a video editor editor a thumbnail designer and you'll start making $10,000 per month in no time now while that $10,000 per month is definitely possible it's not going to happen in no time a lot of people have the expectation that they'll post a couple videos on YouTube that they wouldn't even watch for themselves and all of a sudden they're going to be making $10,000 a month if that's your expectation feel free to hop off of this video because that's just not the reality of it as much as I'd love for it to be it's not so you faceless YouTube channels need to be treated like any other big business to make them successful you have two choices either you can put a lot of work and time in doing every part of the video making process or you can spend a lot of money Outsourcing each component of the video making process which we will talk about in a little bit here so stick around but just know that simply going to Fiverr and hiring a couple different people to put some videos together for $10 that's not going to get you any success on YouTube growing a faceless YouTube channel takes just as much effort as if you were growing a channel with you in the actual videos the algorithm that you're facing is the same one that took Mr Beast 4 years to get his first 1,000 YouTube subscribers it took me almost 20 videos to get monetized on YouTube and to get those 20 videos made it took about $800 out of my own pocket before I even saw my first dollar and even after I saw that first dollar come from YouTube it still took me multiple months to become profitable because the amount of money that I was paying to get the videos made was less than YouTube was actually paying P me on a monthly basis took me until 8 months to actually be profitable with my first faceless YouTube channel so don't expect to go out there and start making $10,000 a month or even just a couple hundred a month for at least 6 to 8 months the next reason that most faceless YouTube channels fail is twofold people try to Outsource everything from day one and they don't actually understand how YouTube works let me explain see in order to actually make money from YouTube you need 1,000 subscribers in 4,000 watch hours or 10 million short views if you were to post 10 10 minute long YouTube videos and people watch 30% of the way through each video which believe it or not is actually pretty difficult to do each video would need 8,000 or more views in order to reach monetization eligibility there are so many people out there just saying to Outsource every aspect of the video making process but in reality if you were to Outsource everything it would cost you about $1 to $150 per video for 10 videos that's ,000 to $1,500 in total and on average it takes about 30 to 50 videos to get monetized on YouTube that's anywhere from $3,000 to $77,500 just to get enough videos created to possibly make your first dollar on YouTube so there's a lot of money that you will need upfront to start making money if you Outsource everything from the start but there is another option which a lot of people don't talk about but it's definitely the best way to get started and that's to do everything yourself and I know that sounds terrible doing all the work but hear me out putting the videos together yourself will allow you to learn the YouTube algorithm to make better decisions on video ideas titles thumbnail design and feedback on editing for when you do ultimately Outsource the video creation most faceless YouTube channels fail because people don't actually understand the YouTube platform and if you create all the videos yourself at first you will actually understand the YouTube platform and not only just the platform but the YouTube analytics which is the most important part of the YouTube platform they show you exactly who is watching your content what titles people like what style of thumbnail Works what other videos your audience is watching and if you understand how to read the YouTube analytics YouTube is essentially screaming at you how to get more views once you're monetized and once you have a good understanding of YouTube analytics and the algorithm and how the platform Works guess what you are 99% ahead of any other person who's trying faceless YouTube channels and it's time to start Outsourcing when you do Outsource you'll need to hire a script writer for the script a voiceover artist for the audio a video editor for the visuals and potentially the music and sound effects too a graphic designer for thumbnails and again this is going to cost you anywhere from $100 to $150 per video especially if you're making high quality videos and if you're not making high quality videos no one's going to watch your videos you're not going to get subscribers you're not going to get growth and you're not going to make any money from YouTube so make high quality videos please but you don't have to Outsource every part of the YouTube video making process at first you can still write the script and make the thumbnails while hiring a video editor for say $50 and a voiceover artist for say $20 or you could use an AI tool which allows you to put in one prompt and spit you out a monetizable fulllength YouTube video with the voiceover editing visuals everything done for you and you can even tweak the script afterwards or you could replace the visuals with ones that work better and ones that you like more or you can change the voiceover to your liking you can customize it however you want but using an AI tool like in video AI for instance will help you a lot in the process but either way if you're Outsourcing to people or to AI you don't have to do it all at once you can go slowly and gradually move closer to fully automating your faceless YouTube channel because remember the goal of your faceless YouTube channel is to make money if you're throwing a ton of money out without bringing any in then unfortunately you're not really doing it right and that brings me to the number one reason that 99% of faceless YouTube Channel fail they don't actually understand how to make money on YouTube they rely solely on AdSense and when they put a couple videos out and they're not making any money and their Channel's not monetized then they quit 99% of people will quit but you can actually start making money from your first video that you put out on YouTube you can do that through affiliate marketing affiliate marketing is when you talk about or show a product or service in your videos and if a viewer uses a unique affiliate link that you put in the descriptions to purchase that product or service you make a commission off of the sale let's look at top Tech now for instance it's a faceless YouTube channel that does tech reviews this is a great way to make money outside of AdSense they might do a review on say a $500 tech product and they might have a 20% affiliate commission if they get one sale from one viewer say 10 people view the video but if one person goes to the link in the description buys that product they get $100 that's $100 from one video people don't understand that you can make a lot of money and you'll probably make more more money than you will from AdSense from affiliate marketing and to find affiliate deals there's affiliate networks like ClickBank or partner stack or you could go to most websites of products or services that you like and most importantly that align with the content that you're actually putting on on your channel you scroll down to the bottom of the website and usually you'll be able to find a link to sign up as an affiliate once you sign up as an affiliate you'll put your link in the description of your videos and if someone buys you'll start making money you will not be relying solely on AdSense see this whole thing thing is about setting your expectations ahead of time and if you understand that faceless YouTube channels won't get you rich immediately Outsourcing from day one is not the best method in understanding how to make money outside of AdSense is crucial for Success your faceless YouTube channel will not be in the 99% that fail I really hope you guys got a lot of value out of this video make sure to hit that subscribe button because this is the first video of a series of videos on faceless YouTube channels where we're going to talk about everything from how to start them how to monetize them how to grow them how to get multiple channels going so that you have an army of faceless YouTube channels making money for you everything you need to know about faceless YouTube channels so hit that subscribe button thanks for watching and we will see you again soon in another video

  Top Comments:
  1. @spideranime123 [1 likes]: Bro I got no views😢😢
  2. @thegirlwhofigureditout: it 's like going into youtube with rose tinted glasses - not going 2 work
  3. @MillicentOnyenso-f7v: Very helpful
  4. @samjennings701: themoneymad channel is going to blow up soon🎉
  5. @BudgetWithBuck: Nice video, bit it's not about a high quality video, it's more about solving problems from real people.
  6. @prm4uofficial: Момент про то, что большинство безликих каналов умирают из-за отсутствия чёткой ниши — это прям ключевое, потому что алгоритм буквально не понимает, кому рекомендовать видео, если канал обо всём подряд. Ещё один убийца роста, который редко упоминают — первые 2-3 секунды в шортсах решают, досмотрят или свайпнут, и тестировать нужно именно хуки, а не просто темы. Какой формат хуков у тебя показал лучшее удержание за эти 7 дней? 🤔
  7. @frenchfryofthesea: So in other words you have to have a good amount of money to do YouTube right. Gotcha.
  8. @michaelhoward5169: Really discouraging right off the bat! He's grown over 20 YT channels over a period of SEVEN YEARS, some of which have gone to MILLIONS of views (as of the date of the video). And from all that work he has made only $200K. And this guy is clearly quite successful as a creator in relative terms. This relatively small payoff for all that effort and time investment should be a massive warning signal right there for YT as a business model.
  9. @Knwyrs: Good to know
  10. @Mirrorblind: I’ve just started a channel and it is faceless. I have disabilities so there is no way I want to be viewed on video. I HAVE to use Ai and copyright free videos. I try not to make Ai slop and my script has a lot of serious work in it. I hope YouTube see that Ai isn’t all “slop”.
  11. @TheGiftofEden: Thank you so much ! I was just waiting on a quick …. Get rich quick stuff!!
  12. @jadhasaura67_cr7: now it doesn't cost 1500$ to build a video, with AI it takes 30$ a month to make 30 faceless videos.
  13. @splitterCELL94: The advice on doing everything yourself first to understand the analytics before outsourcing is so crucial, definitely a game changer for long-term success
  14. @prm4uofficial: Про удержание в безликих каналах: первые 0.5 секунды решают всё. Тестировал hook с текстом "НЕ листай" vs контекстный визуал — второй вариант дал +34% к досмотрам, потому что мозг обрабатывает картинку быстрее команды 📊
  15. @SmartMoneyMichael: This video is really interesting. I also created my own faceless channel (for now). It's only been around for 11 days. I'd love to hear what you think... Check it out if you like... Thanks!
  16. @Faceless-2-5-23: IWillKeepThatInMindThen
  17. @AabidKhan-pt9cf: As a video editor myself i charge 1000 usd plus for 10 min of "high quality" video 😂
  18. @CrimeWatchWithBennyson: Following your steps is the best thing that happened to me and my channel, .. thanks 🙏
  19. @chroniclesoftheunknown-z8r: This said a lot, a lot of people just lie about how much to be made within short of time within talking about the work , I started mind a month and half ago, yet I Realised I need a successful channel I can look up to when I’m making my videos..
  20. @HauntHorizon4: This is good

- How Apple and Nike have branded your brain | Your Brain on Money | Big Think: Kind: captions Language: en - Coke is just soda. Tylenol is just acetaminophen. And Levi's are just jeans. Yet consumers go out of their way to select these specific brands over others. - An economist would say, "How is this possible, that a rational consumer would be willing to pay more for exactly the same thing?" We love to think about ourselves as rational. That's not how it works. A very famous study done by colleagues at Duke University flashed either the Apple logo or the IBM logo to two randomized groups of participants. - The study found that after being subliminally exposed to the Apple logo, compared to when you'd been exposed to the IBM logo, participants performed better on creative tasks. - And the argument is that Apple has been telling you this story over and over again, that Apple is the brand for hip, cool, fun, creative people. - This is the true power of brands. They can influence our behavior in ways that extend way beyond the point of sale. So to what degree can the influence of brands wreak havoc on our ability to make rational spending decisions? This is your brain on money. This is Americus Reed. He studies identity and marketing at the University of Pennsylvania. When I make choices about different brands, I'm choosing to create an identity. When I put that shirt on, when I put those shoes on, those jeans, that hat, someone is going to form an impression about what I'm about. So if I'm choosing Nike over Under Armour, I'm choosing a kind of different way to express affiliation with sport. The Nike thing is about performance. The Under Armour thing is about the underdog. I have to choose which of these different conceptual pathways is most consistent with where I am in my life. - And once a consumer makes that choice, their relationship with a brand can deepen to the point where they identify with that brand like family. And once you identify with a brand, it can shape the way you behave. - And it's really interesting because they will also, if someone talks bad about that product, brand, or service, they will be the first to go out and defend. Why? Because an attack on the brand is an attack on themselves. - Michael Platt is a professor of neuroscience, marketing, and psychology whose research demonstrates how our perception of brands influences our decisions. - There's an idea in marketing, which is that we relate to brands in the same way we relate to people. It's like, "I love this brand," or, "I hate this brand." Of course, what people say, right, can often be different from what's really going on in their heads. So we thought, "Well, why don't we just ask the brain directly?" - Michael and his team observed the brains of iPhone users and Samsung Galaxy users with an MRI machine while they heard good, bad, and neutral news about Apple and Samsung. - Apple customers showed a brain empathy response toward Apple that was exactly what you'd see in the way you would respond to somebody in your own family. - Strangely, Samsung users didn't have any positive or negative responses when good or bad news was released about their brand. The only evidence that Samsung users showed was reverse empathy for Apple news. Meaning if the Apple headline was negative, their brain reflected a positive response. - You know, it really shows us that Apple has completely defined the market here. Samsung customers, it seems, from their brain data, are only buying Samsung 'cause they hate Apple. - The kicker? The Samsung users didn't report feeling the results their MRIs showed. What was happening in their brains and what they reported feeling towards Apple and Samsung, were totally different. - Most people just don't realize that they are subconsciously choosing brands because those brands have some kind of self-expressive value. - You can see there's a lot of power here in terms of shaping consumers' decisions. As we learn more and more about that, we have to think much more deeply about the ethical, legal, and societal implications of doing that. - So, as consumers, what can we do to make informed choices? Well, the best thing we can do is to be aware of the influence that brands hold. - I think it's important to always pause and think a little bit about, "Okay, why am I buying this product?" - And like it or not, brands aren't going anywhere. - I've heard lots of people push back and say that, "I'm not into brands." I take a very different view. They're not doing anything any different than what someone who affiliates with a brand is doing. They have a brand, it's just an anti-brand brand. And I think about, what is it that I've learned about identity over time? I think a lot of it has to do with the fundamental need that we as humans have to have support systems. Perhaps it was the church, it was the community, it was these other institutions that existed. Now, brands have stepped in as pillars of our identity. So I'm very much motivated to see that in that positive light.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Peterbrown-i4i [1 likes]: For men it's not about brands it's about quality of the product.
  2. @RuneyDulo [1 likes]: 0:15 Rational and Consumer, In the same sentence?
  3. @kimkouski: In the 1980s when I was a teen, I’d rather be dropped from a building than to wear any jeans other than Levi. Cool kids wore Levi. End of discussion…
  4. @Tisalya: woah. you just made me realize..
  5. @rolebod01: cool story
  6. @Aritistic007: Advertising isn't about purchasing a product anymore.  Or about the specs of that product. It's become meme like in weird colours like childrens programmes.
It's all very odd!
  7. @almaisaks: How Apple and Nike have branded your brain | Your Brain on Money | Big Think
  8. @andygold-YT: It's a shame that universities are doing such basic, shallow, and not rigorous studies. 😔🎓
  9. @XiZ-For-Me: The analogy of the architectural plan is perfect, you wouldn't build a house without a blueprint, and you definitely shouldn't build a business without a solid plan to guide your growth and secure funding
  10. @QukFuze: Fascinating insights, It’s incredible to see the neurological data proving that branding goes far beyond logic, tapping directly into our sense of identity and human connection
  11. @sj750: Consumers are far from rational.
  12. @MuttyPech: Absolutely brilliant content.
  13. @blockbusstar: I disagree with this video. I hardly know anyone who chooses a brand because of what they stand for. Most people I know buy the stuff based on: their problems, client reviews and what looks good.  none of this underdog type of shit. We don't look at brands like a movie. We look at it in a way that fixes our problems the best
  14. @nangha-x6f: fire tysm 
  15. @TuyenTuan-g1s: strongg
  16. @TuCo-x2k: top werk
  17. @inknamer: Now I understand brand loyalty better.
  18. @RuhanBhamrah-g5q: It’s fascinating to see how brands like Apple and Nike move beyond just products to become actual extensions of our own identity and biology
  19. @JakeZ77: No,they can't never because I'm broke and being asian 👌🙃
  20. @RuneyDulo: 3:30 "So are we rooting for Samsung?"
"Honestly, we're rooting against Apple" 🍎

- Your brain doesn’t detect reality. It creates it. | Lisa Feldman Barrett: Kind: captions Language: en - Sometimes people wanna say, "No, we definitely don't experience reality the way that it actually is." And some people wanna say, "Yes, we do." Philosophers have been arguing about this for like as long as philosophy has existed: The question of does your experience match reality, or are you really experiencing reality in its stark, objective truth? And the answer is simply: "Not exactly." Reality, for us, is what we can sense with our sensory surfaces, and what we can make sense of with the signals in our brain. The signals in our brain are as necessary for our experience of reality as the sensory signals that come from the world. So, I'm gonna use a metaphor to describe how the brain works. It goes something like this: Your brain, my brain, everybody's brain, is trapped in its own dark, silent box called your skull. And the brain has no knowledge of what is going on around it in the world or in the body, right? Because it's in this skull, and it's receiving sensory signals from the sensory surfaces of your body. These signals are the outcomes of some changes in the world or in the body- but the brain doesn't know what the changes are, it's receiving the outcomes. And that is what philosophers and scientists call the 'Reverse inference problem.' You start with an outcome, and you have to guess at the cause. For example, if you hear a loud bang, it could be a car backfiring, a door slamming, it could be a gunshot. Your brain doesn't know what the causes are, it only knows the effect, and so, it has to guess. And the guess is important, right? Because you would do different things if it's a gunshot versus if it's a windy day that slammed a door. And luckily, it has one other source of information, and that is your past experience. The really cool thing about this- if that wasn't cool enough- is that it's actually doing it predictively. Sometimes scientists talk about this as the brain running a model of the world, but the brain is not running a model of the world; the brain is running a model of its body, and it's doing it in this really interesting way. In psychology, a group of instances which are similar is called a category. In essence, what your brain is doing, when it's making a prediction, it's creating a category of instances from the past which are similar in some way to the present, in order to predict what's going to happen next, what the brain has to do next, and what your experience will be next. And so, when a human brain is creating a category, you have to ask, "What features of similarity is it using?" Is it these sensory and motor features? An apple is round. An apple is hard and crunchy. Or is it these abstract features; abstract, multimodal summaries of patterns of features. I could take a bunch of apples and I could say, "Well, these are good for baking, and these are not good for baking." And these patterns, this summary, only exists in your brain. Because our brains are structured to construct categories based on the function of things rather than what they look like, or taste like, or smell like, humans can create something called 'Social reality,' which is where we collectively impose a function on objects that the objects don't have by virtue of their physical nature. So, a really good example of this is money- little pieces of paper. We all agree that these little piece of paper have a function of value. And it turns out that many things that we think of as being part of reality are actually like this. We can draw lines in the sand and create the borders of countries, which creates categories of people called immigrants and citizens. We can create governments because we all agree that certain actions like making little tick marks has a meaning to elect someone into a position that has certain powers- it's a form of social reality. In our lab, we work on the hypothesis that many psychological categories are forms of social reality. We impose a meaning on a scowling face that it did not evolve to have, but because we all agree that it has that meaning or that function in a particular culture, then it does. To say that your brain resides in a dark, silent box doesn't mean that you are trapped in that box. Your brain has this wonderful capacity to take bits and pieces of past experience and create something completely new that you've never experienced before. We call it imagination. That's a double-edged sword, right? Because our brains are so good at imagining and creating predictions that are not yoked to our immediate surroundings, sometimes we have a lot of trouble staying in the present. You have to practice your ability to control how much you wanna be constrained by what's going on outside that box- and how much you wanna be free of it.

  Top Comments:
  1. @dmtdreamz [1 likes]: Scientists, psychologists, neuroscientists, philosophers, they think they're being smart when they say that the brain is constructing reality. Like they have this amazing insight. You know, some new article came out in some science journal that says the brain is constructing reality, and they think they've got some deep insight going there.

No. This is nonsense. You have no fucking clue how deep this goes.

The brain is not constructing reality. The brain itself is the construction. Consciousness is constructing reality. Consciousness is constructing the brain. Consciousness is constructing humanity. Consciousness is constructing your entire life. Consciousness is constructing science, consciousness is constructing neuroscience, consciousness is constructing psychology, consciousness is constructing sociology, consciousness is constructing atoms, consciousness is constructing evolution, consciousness is constructing chemistry.

It's so much more profound than any of these people realize.

Your brain is a construction. There literally is not a brain. You are just purely imagining the brain. Consciousness is not caused by the brain. It is not happening inside of the brain.

Consciousness has always existed. Before there was the universe, consciousness existed. Before there were atoms, consciousness existed. Before there was the Big Bang, consciousness existed. Before there were any living beings, consciousness has existed. It has existed forever.

That means it can't be happening in a brain.

Now you say, “Well, how can that be? That sounds crazy and impossible and magical and weird.” No, it's totally possible. You just have a wrong idea of what consciousness is.

You have to stop assuming that it comes from the brain. You have to stop assuming that it's a biological chemical process. You have to stop assuming that it's even a physical process. It's none of those things.

Consciousness is literally nothing. There's nothing there. It's nothing. That's why it can be that way. It is that way because it's nothing.

Well, you say, “Well, if it's nothing, then how can it be conscious?” Well, that's the beauty of consciousness. It doesn't need anything to be conscious.

Consciousness is just truth. The only thing that it needs to be conscious is it needs things to be true. If things are true, they're automatically conscious because consciousness is nothing and nothing is the truth.

And that's it. I can't explain it beyond that. Beyond that, you need to actually have an awakening to it.
  2. @13ThDegreeMaster: Mind Eternal-13Th Degree Master-paperback book
  3. @Evan490BCE: "Reality for us is ...". Who is "us"? You are basically describing *Empiricism* . This is just a particular school of Philosophy.
  4. @gordvandersar8113: how could scientific advancement be possible without a shared agreement about external "reality" - Lisa, you're slicing the baloney in convincing fashion
  5. @aum3.146: A lot depends on how you define reality, experience, and perception.
  6. @سامرشادالكويحي: 😢l love 💞 that topic
  7. @katb96: Everything is surreal these days. Nothing is real..... All is empty..... Do we exist?
  8. @zoetele123: All is in 1
  9. @Olegofriend-i4u: The true structure of reality is radically different from everything the human mind is capable of imagining. In it, there is neither causality nor consequence, neither time nor space, neither vacuum nor any physical fields. All familiar categories turn out to be inapplicable.

There exists only one single Something within which everything is contained. Conventionally, this may be called the Absolute, but this name does not reflect its essence. It is neither being, nor reality, nor a being, nor a substance, nor consciousness, nor intelligence, nor God in the human sense. It is neither a phenomenon nor an abstraction — and it has nothing in common with anything we know.

Human consciousness inevitably tries to describe it through familiar categories, but all such attempts distort its very essence. This Something is fundamentally incomprehensible: it is not merely difficult to understand — it lies beyond the very possibility of understanding.
  10. @JoeB-y4z5q: I don't know. Unless everyone in my life is a construct of my mind then I can't by this theory wholesale.  Not I imagine should I be shown reality in its entirety I wouldn't be able to handle it.
  11. @danohanlon8316: Whatever reality is, is completely irrelevant. Because were we ever to discover the "absolute truth about the nature of reality, that would do little more than shit the focus o attention onto the "truth" of the new truth. In sort, "Is ths new "real reality" real? And so on.

The search for the one, "ultimate" reality is the real illusion. I can never happen. Thus it remains for us, simply to make the best we can of the objective reality we know enough of to rely on.
  12. @amilapanduka2672: This is great, so parallel with buddhism
  13. @greentheam629: "Dassan main reality,  no formality,  cold blood meri hood mentality"
  14. @Ifrit42: This lady started giving answers about the brain without even giving her definition of what a brain is. The brain is not in the skull. It's actually all over our body. And it's not just "surface sensory signals", these "sensors" are made of pure braincells. they and the brain are one in the same. they are one individual object that is comprised of exactly the same cells.
  15. @MohitSingh-gw1mx: When people have too much free time then they start asking such nonsence.
  16. @Carlos-ym6sc: Reality emerges from directional rotational frequencies that organize themselves into stable geometric structures. Matter, fields, and observed form are the result of repeated rotational pathways becoming bound into coherent patterns.
  17. @TheLobstersoup: Psychology trying to explain what philosophers said better 2000 years ago, gz.
  18. @ascendantmale: my brain really said 'simulation confirmed' lmaooo
  19. @TeerayutYossombut-v6x: My mind is racing, this is incredible!
  20. @GibsonianMathematics: I united physics.  I think you should learn about the discrete framework and make videos about it.  The world is NOT a consciousness field.  I have math that proves it, consciousness emerges.  There are so many videos like this one, it's not correct, and you can really help move physics forward if you step away from this and actually learn the discrete token dynamics that actually demonstrate GR and QFT's unity by equation and results.

- Increase your self-awareness with one simple fix | Tasha Eurich | TEDxMileHigh: Kind: captions Language: en Translator: Silvija Mazurenko Reviewer: Cihan Ekmekçi Tennessee Williams once told us, "There comes a time when you look into the mirror and you realize that what you see is all you'll ever be, and then you accept it or you kill yourself, (Laughter) or you stop looking in mirrors." And speaking of mirrors, someone else once said, "If we spend too much time scrutinizing what's in our rearview mirror, we're certain to crash into a light post.'' I've spent the last four years of my life studying people who look in mirrors, rearview and otherwise in their search for self-awareness. I wanted to know what self-awareness really is, where it comes from, why we need it, and how to get more of it. My research team surveyed quantitatively thousands of people. We analyzed nearly 800 scientific studies. And we conducted dozens of in-depth interviews with people who made dramatic improvements in their self-awareness. Now, initially, we were actually so worried that we wouldn't find any of these people that we called them self-awareness unicorns. True. But thank goodness, we did find them. Because what these unicorns taught me would create a ground-breaking revelation for how all of us can find genuine self-awareness. And that's what I want to share with you. Today, I want you to reflect on how you're reflecting. I know that's a mouthful. And to get there, we're going to need to shatter one of the most widely held beliefs about finding self-awareness. But first things first. What is this thing we call self-awareness anyway? It's the ability to see ourselves clearly, to understand who we are, how others see us and how we fit into the world. Self-awareness gives us power. We might not always like what we see, but there's a comfort in knowing ourselves. And there's actually a ton of research showing that people who are self-aware are more fulfilled. They have stronger relationships. They're more creative. They're more confident and better communicators. They are less likely to lie, cheat, and steal. They perform better at work and are more promotable. And they're more effective leaders with more profitable companies. In the world of self-awareness, there are two types of people: those who think they're self-aware, and those who actually are. It's true. My team has found that 95% of people think they're self-aware, but the real number is closer to 10 to 15%. You know what this means, don't you? It means that on a good day - on a good day - 80% of us are lying to ourselves about whether we're lying to ourselves. Pretty scary, right? So you can imagine the challenge we had in figuring out who was truly self-aware. What do you think would've happened if I had said, "Hey! How self-aware are you?" Exactly. So to be part of our research, our unicorns had to clear four hurdles. They had to believe they were self-aware as measured by an assessment my team developed and validated. Using that same assessment, someone who knew them well had to agree. They had to believe that they'd increased their self-awareness in their life, and the person rating them had to agree. We found 50 people out of hundreds and hundreds and hundreds who met our criteria. They were professionals, entrepreneurs, artists, students, stay-at-home parents. And we didn't find any patterns by industry, age, gender or any other demographic characteristic. These unicorns helped my team discover a most surprising truth. That approach you're using to examine your thoughts, your feelings, and your motives, you know, introspection. Well, you're probably doing it - there's no easy way to say this - you're probably doing it totally wrong. Yes, there is a reason so few of us are self-aware. So let me tell you about the evening that I first discovered the ugly truth about introspection. It was about 10 p.m. on a beautiful Colorado spring evening. And I was in my office, hopped up on Diet Coke and Smartfood popcorn. And I just analyzed a set of data, and to say that I was surprised would be an understatement. My team and I had just run a simple study looking at the relationship between introspection and things like happiness, stress and job satisfaction. Naturally, the people who introspected would be better off. Wouldn't you think so? Our data told the exact opposite story. People who introspected were more stressed and depressed, less satisfied with their jobs and their relationships, less in control of their lives. I had no idea what was going on. And it got worse. These negative consequences increased the more they introspected. So I was quite confused. Later that week, I ended up coming across a 20-year-old study that looked at how widowers adjusted to life without their partners. The researchers found that those who try to understand the meaning of their loss were happier, less depressed one month later, but one year later, were more depressed. They were fixated on what happened instead of moving forward. Have you been there? I have. Self-analysis can trap us in a mental hell of our own making. So things were starting to make sense. Now, you Die Hard self-awareness fans and particularly introspection fans in the audience might be thinking, "Sure, introspection may be depressing, but it's worth it because of the insight it produces." And you're right. I'm not here today to tell you that the pursuit of self-awareness is a waste of time. Not at all. I am here to tell you that the way you're pursuing it doesn't work. Here is the surprising reality: Thinking about ourselves isn't related to knowing ourselves. So to understand this, let's look at the most common introspective question: "Why?" We might be searching for the cause of a bad mood. Why am I so upset after that fight with my friend? Or we might be questioning our beliefs. Why don't I believe in the death penalty? Or we might be trying to understand a negative outcome. "Why did I choke in that meeting?" Unfortunately, when we ask "Why?" it doesn't lead us towards the truth about ourselves. It leads us away from it. There are so many reasons this is the case. Today I'll give you two. Here is the first reason we shouldn't ask why: Researchers have found that no matter how hard we try, we can't excavate our unconscious thoughts, feelings and motives. And because so much is hidden from our conscious awareness, we end up inventing answers that feel true but are often very wrong. Let me give you an example. Psychologists Timothy Wilson and Richard Nisbett set up a card table outside their local Meijers thrifty store in Ann Arbor, Michigan. And on that card table, they laid out four identical pairs of pantyhose. And they asked the people walking by to pick their favorite. Now, consumer research shows that people tend to prefer products on the right. And that's exactly what happened. Even though every pair was identical, people chose pair D at a rate of four to one. And when asked why they have chosen the pair they had, they confidently declared that pair D was just better. And even - get this - even when the researchers told them about the effect of positioning, they refused to believe it. The second reason asking "Why?" is a bad idea is that it leads us away from our true nature. We like to think of our brains as supercomputers rationally analyzing information and arriving at accurate conclusions. Unfortunately, that's not what happens. Let's do a quick exercise that's based on another classic psychology study. So if I were to ask you to make a list of all the reasons your romantic relationship was going the way it was, what would you say? Let's say that in general your relationship is pretty awesome. But let's just pretend that yesterday you happened to get in a huge fight about the proper way to load the dishwasher. Really bad. Now, because of something called "the recency effect," this is going to carry an unfair amount of weight. You might start thinking of things like, "I am so sick of his mansplaining!" Or you might think, "Why the hell does it matter so much how I load the dishwasher?" And before you know it, you're thinking your relationship isn't going so well. Asking "Why?" created "alternative facts." And over time, this leads us away from who we really are. It clouds our self-perceptions. So you might be wondering if asking "Why?" makes us depressed, over-confident and wrong; it's probably not going to increase our self-awareness. But don't worry. to stop thinking about yourselves. I am here to tell you to start doing it just a little bit differently. So if we shouldn't ask "Why?" then, what should we ask? Do you remember our self-awareness unicorns? When we looked at how they approached introspection, we found the answer. We analyzed literally hundreds of pages of transcripts, and we saw a very clear pattern. Although the word "why" appeared less than 150 times, the word "what" appeared more than 1000 times. Let me give you a few examples. Nathan, a brand manager, got a terrible performance review from his new boss. Instead of asking, "Why are we like oil and water?" he asked, "What can I do to show her I'm the best person for this job?" It changed everything. People now point to Nathan and his boss as proof that polar opposites can work together. Sarah, an education leader, was diagnosed with breast cancer in her late 40s. And when she asked, "Why me?" she said it felt like a death sentence. So then she asked, "What's most important to me?" This helped her define what she wanted her life to look like in whatever time she had left. She's now cancer free and more focused on the relationships that mean the most to her. Jose, an entertainment industry veteran, hated his job. And instead of getting stuck, what most of us would do, and ask, "Why do I feel so terrible?" he asked, "What are the situations that make me feel terrible, and what do they have in common?" He quickly realized that he would never be happy in this job, and it gave him the courage to pursue a new and far more fulfilling career path as a wealth manager. So these are just three examples of dozens of unicorns that asked "What?" instead of "Why?" Do I have any Nathans or Sarahs, or Joses in the room? I'll add one more: Tasha. So earlier this year, I published a book about all of this, which I am so proud of. But one day, for some unknown reason, I did what every author is never supposed to do. I read my Amazon reviews. And, you guys, it was devastating. I asked, "Why are people being so mean to me about a book that I spent thousands of hours researching and wrote to make their lives better?" Right? I fell into a spiral of self-loathing. It was honestly one of the low points of my life. A couple of weeks went by, and it dawned on me that maybe I should take my own advice. So I tried a different question. I asked, "What about all those people who were telling me that my book has helped them change their lives." What a different outcome. So no, I wasn't doing it right either. This is not an easy world, is it? She knows, we all know. But I have seen so much evidence that self-awareness gives us a much better shot at finding happiness and success in this crazy world. To start, we just need to change one simple word. Change "why" to "what." Why-questions trap us in that rearview mirror. What-questions move us forward to our future. As human beings, we are blessed with the ability to understand who we are, what we want to contribute, and the kind of life we want to lead. Remember, our self-awareness unicorns had nothing in common except a belief in the importance of self-awareness and a daily commitment to developing it. That means we can all be unicorns. The search for self-awareness never ever stops. Life goes on. It's up to us to choose to learn and grow from our mistakes and our tragedies, and our successes. One of the best quotes I've ever heard on this subject is from Rumi. He said, "Yesterday I was clever, so I wanted to change the world. Today I'm wise, so I am changing myself." Thank you very much. (Applause)

  Top Comments:
  1. @colbatguano3958: Not worth the 6 commercials you have to sit through.  Jump to the last 2 minutes and leave your disappointment at that.
  2. @KuroYagi124: This is kindergarten stuff.. wow soo "profound" 🤣🤣🤣
  3. @alsongadizo1692: Thanks. It's 2026 and Adulthood and AI it's a lot . However this video is amazing Really helpful. Thanks TED and Tasha.
  4. @MesilSadeqii: Self-awareness involves accepting one's true self, and for many individuals, confronting their authentic identity and gaining deep self-understanding can be uncomfortable
  5. @patrickhennessy8022: A well structured and formulaic talk. 
Ironically, most who hear this will say to themselves,  “what I new insight” I’m now healthier. 
And not be. 
Just a tad more “introspective” for a short time. 

Maybe changing behavior is what to do?
  6. @skipwrightson4742: I’m now aware that I am not self aware
  7. @hayyashah7148: 👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻
  8. @InnerWealthInsight: Tasha Eurich's TEDx talk is a true 'game-changer' for shifting our mindset on self-awareness! 🌟 I’m deeply resonated with the simple yet powerful secret: changing our questions from 'Why' to 'What.' This approach not only helps us escape the gloomy loop of self-judgment but also opens doors to practical actions for moving forward. The insights about 'self-awareness unicorns' are incredibly inspiring, showing that anyone can practice to understand themselves better every day. Thank you, Tasha and TEDx, for such profound, high-quality, and profoundly meaningful content! ✨💎🚀🌈
  9. @dhycbdawking: pretty girl
  10. @vividhking: useful info
  11. @widjxhskwhite: best vid
  12. @shtcgoujnbyoung: cool
  13. @quickbookswhite: like
  14. @sociologistking: like
  15. @fseyfxhigking: nice
  16. @audioutrking: wow
  17. @anjujoram773: What are your sources of facts and research??
  18. @peaceforus1: What make a person have selfaware?
  19. @urielpan3260: Self-wareness assists 15% people to redirect their life, which may also helps the rest of people not to stay same place find out some reason.
  20. @CriticalThinking-s7e: Before this talk, I honestly thought that the more I analyze myself, the more self-aware I become. But the idea that introspection can actually make us more stressed and even less accurate about ourselves really challenged me. The example with the pantyhose and the dishwasher fight shows how easily our brain creates convincing but false explanations. What I like most is that the solution is not complicated - just changing “Why did this happen to me?” to “What can I do now?” feels more practical and future-oriented.

- The Secret to Telling a Great Story — in Less Than 60 Seconds | Jenny Hoyos | TED: Kind: captions Language: en Have you ever wondered how much ice cream you can get for a dollar? Or what's the cheapest thing in an airport? Or if it's faster to go inside or a drive-through? Probably not. But somehow, answering these weird questions and sharing those experiences have become my life's work. Now even though I only have five minutes to share my viral storytelling framework, great stories should be told in less than 60 seconds. And it's not just about becoming a viral social media star. It's about making your conversations better, whether you’re with friends, family or trying to convince your boss for a raise. So here's how to make every second count. Many great stories start with a question, because it will make people stick until the end to find out the answer. And remember, you want to get your audience's attention immediately, so you want to start by asking something shocking. And one of the things I've always wondered was if fast food was really as fast as they say. So I answered just this in a video and got over 45 million views. Let's check out how I hooked my viewers. (Video) Can I have a burger? Can you put cheese, lettuce and tomatoes? This thing's not hot enough. (Laughter) (Stage) That thing really wasn't hot enough. But as you can see, I took this question very seriously. And after you've hooked your audience, you want to take them on a journey, building up to your answer, where you want them to feel constant progression, so we're moving closer and closer to our answer so we feel like we can't stop listening. And in my case, I did just this by saying that I’ll be adding tomatoes, lettuce and cheese to the burger, so now we know how close I am to finishing the competition, thus the video. But if everything is smooth sailing, then nobody cares, which is why we need to add conflict before getting to our answer. So here's how I did that. (Video) Yes, please. And cheese. Mother: There's smoke in here. Jenny Hoyos: This thing is still raw. Good thing there's a line. Oh my goodness. Mother: What are you doing? You're going to burn that car. JH: I'll cut the tomatoes while this cooks. Mother: I hope I don't have to eat that. JH: Tell them to slow down. Mother: You're doing all this for one subscriber? You're going to make a mess. JH: Put the ketchup on the buns. (Stage) As you saw, without conflict, the audience just isn’t as invested, which is why I used my mom as the B plot. So you’re now not only invested in the competition but also curious to see what's going to happen between my mom and I. And after enough buildup, we finally need our answers. Will I cook the burger faster? Will I accidentally set my mom’s car on fire? The key here is to build tension by making the answer feel uncertain to make a satisfying ending. Here's how I did just that. (Video) We’re one person away. We just need the burger to cook faster. Mother: We're moving, we're moving. JH: No, my burger is not done yet. You're driving too crazy. It needs to cook faster. Mother: We're next. (Music) JH: We're pulling up to the window. And, oh my goodness! We cooked faster and better. (Applause) And that's it. We cooked faster than the drive-through. Does it matter that my burger was basically raw? Absolutely not. Because the viewers wanted an answer, so I gave it to them quickly and concisely, in an engaging way, which led our video to getting over 45 million views. And you might be impressed to know that instead of telling this talk in five minutes, I actually did it in four, so you now have an extra minute to practice your 60-second story. Because if it takes longer to tell your story than it does to make a burger, then you're probably overcooking both. Thank you. (Cheers and applause)

  Top Comments:
  1. @JennyHoyos [1500 likes]: thanks for having me!! promised i’d make my ted talk short and sweet 😁
  2. @ericdavidwallace [30 likes]: I just got schooled by a 20 year old and I went to film school.
  3. @Richard_Vidzz [2 likes]: The idea that a great story should be told in less than 60 seconds is such a powerful insight for modern communication loved the practical breakdown
  4. @mimixlalaa: the confidence jenny has omg
  5. @hejar_art: I love her energy 🎉
  6. @NichirenCarbajal: NAM MYO HO RENGE KYO IT'S THE MIRACLE MANTRA NAM MYO HO RENGE KYO
  7. @neetiiiiiiiiii: I liked your hook strategy. Will definitely try .
  8. @UGCTuto: She forgot one Thing : her talent
  9. @AngelaAllan-v8q: best side hustles in 2026
  10. @novaframestudio-d6b: Sh is so pure ,I like it
  11. @MORENAMOJALEFA-i9h: Don't write on your forehead
  12. @intensity5020: You are from titkok
  13. @JapaGist: Lol
  14. @karanb_ytt: It's impressive how much value can be packed into such a short timeframe, The progression and conflict strategy is a game-changer for storytelling💡✨
  15. @GOATED_D3VIL: btw what exactly is this conflict, i need a better explication pls
  16. @JacksonDuke-JK: ngl , i feel used/misused after watching this by content creators
  17. @Bibliothèque-C: ❤😊
  18. @ajsingh1296: Wow this may be the worst ted talk I’ve seen
  19. @ferickinhojoga: genius!
  20. @YōkuroX12: ...   THAT. WAS. AWE.SOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Not only cuz of the fact that JENNY FREAKING HOYOS WAS ON THERE but also cuz its a great lesson!

- $136.64/M Low Competition High CPM Niche For Blogger 🤯 Top 5 Blogging Niche in 2026 🤑🤑: Kind: captions Language: en If you are going to start blogging then choose any one of these five niches. Definitely it will provide you earning even while you are sleeping at home for free. Because what I am going to tell you below today is totally AI proof. That means, if you start writing blogs on these and you are not getting traffic from Google, then still you can also make money. And yes, it does not depend whether you are a student, a housewife or anything else. All you have to do is give half an hour and publish articles with consistency with these particular niches. Choose one niche and just get started. So let's start without wasting any time. In 2026, AI is everywhere. Writing, designing, coding, video editing, everything is being automated. And think about it, new AI tools are being launched every day. And people are getting confused as to which one is the best, which AI they should choose, which one they should use , even which one they should subscribe to. Now you have to pick up a pen point here and just start writing on this topic. Start writing articles in which you will explain which AI tools should be chosen like ChatGBT alternatives, video creation tools, automation tools or any other productive apps. And your titles can be something like Top Five AI Tools for Students, Best Free AI Tools for Content Creators, CWA AI vs Photoshops, Which Ones Are Better? Look, things are very simple, you will not find any complications. Even then, if you are facing any problem, you can use ChatGBT for suggestions and take help of YouTube videos so that you can explain it better. And I would also like to give a small bonus trick. There are already multiple videos available on YouTube that explain multiple AI tools. And just copy their link and go to copywriting. I'm going to cover the rest of this in the next video. So make sure you subscribe so that you don't have to do any hard work. Just become a hero from zero. And yes, now understand a little how will you earn? So look, it is simple. You have two methods. First of all, you will definitely implement Google Adsense. This is 100% accurate. The second one is alternative and also optional. That is affiliate marketing. Now you know you're promoting any AI tools, any AI tools. In these short term you are just doing promotion and you can give it to your referral. There are many such AI tools which directly convert some of their points etc. into cashbacks i.e. directly into cash rewards. Now you will have to check this thing. I have also not seen in every AI tool which ones are giving results and which ones are not. But still there are many such applications, that is, there are many AIs which are providing. And yes, I am going to tell you one more tip which no one should miss if you are going to make money from Google Adsense. There is a trick which is very important. Now come to the second low. Check out the Side Hustle and Passive Income Blog This is an evergreen niche. Meaning, people remain interested in it every year. Its demand is not going to end because everyone wants to earn money and that too online. Even if you can provide an offline method, they will use that too. So look, you have to do a simple task. Now you have to create your blog and on it you will write a title like this. Top 10 Ways to Earn Money Online in 2026 Best Side Hustles for Students in India How to Make Money with Zero Investment and yes in this niche you can create multiple income sources. Adsense earning is going to be the same for everyone. You will earn commission directly from affiliate link because you will promote some applications here, provide their referrals etc. in short term and after this you will also start getting sponsors if you have built a good audience. It is growing rapidly in lowland India. Especially among the audience of 18 to 25 age group and the reason is simple. Now students do not want to just study. He also wants to earn by learning. Now your titles may be something like this. Best Part Time Jobs for College Students. Top Skills to Learn in 2026 for Online Income. How to Save and Invest as a Student. Here you can share your personal experience and also recommend AI tools which are more useful for students. Now for example it is simple Grammarly Notion Jasper and cwa AI is also fine and along with this you can look at affiliate programs etc. according to your own because that can become a big backbone for you along with Adsense Tech and AI blog where you will discuss the future of AI along with technology, by 2026 every company is adopting AI, be it education, health or business, people search daily for example what is the next AI update, best AI tool for work or how to use it in daily life. Well, there's a bonus trick here. Like you have to be a little more active on YouTube. I know you are a beginner. You won't discover new tools. So follow some such content creators who mainly upload content based on AI. So that you can provide multiple things as an article by following them. Rest of the copywriting is a simple thing which I will explain in the next video. So subscribe to the channel and if you haven't liked it yet, make sure you like it. And finally the fifth idea. Look, this niche is very unique because here you are combining both personal growth and online life. Your titles might be something like Best Productivity Apps for Remote Workers, Digital Detox Tips for Content Creators. How to Manage Time While Working Online. The advantage of this niche is that you can share your real journey. There are no rules, no fixed format. There should just be honest content so that people can relate a little. And mix in some things that are related to your life. Meaning, try to give a little touch up to all these things which are a little awkward and a little emotional. If a reader likes it and reads the entire blog, then he engages with those things. Rest you also know that people like to hear real experiences more. Okay, hopefully you would have liked one of these five ideas and if you liked it then you can also listen to the bonus tip. All the things I have mentioned below are AI friendly. Meaning you can take proper suggestions from A and get both content writing and copywriting done from them. You just need to know a few things and methods. Along with this, all these niches are high CPC based niches. That means, once you get Google Adsense approval, then consider that on one click you can earn $1 i.e. approximately ₹90 or even more than that. The second thing is this totally futuristic content. Meaning you are bringing new things which AI will also adopt. That means he will adopt things from your article only. Whatever you write, the way you write it, that thing or multiple things or exact to exact, when AI gives its content then it will copy those things and will also provide you a back link. Many people may not know but don't worry. Once you join the channel, you will keep getting to know everything. You must have also come to know about your audience that they can either be students or they are people who are interested in making money in most cases. Another thing I had mentioned in the beginning about referral means that you do not have to take the hassle of SEO. In these short term, you do not have to work so hard on Google that our articles bring traffic from there. If you want, you can build your audience. Where? Use Instagram, YouTube, anywhere, whatever platform you like. Move the audience around. Just play a little and try to generate a good amount of earnings. There are many strategies. You just need to adopt it and execute it. So the video is over. Go ahead and focus on execution and the next video is going to be related to Adsense approval. So definitely check it out. Rest bye-bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @deenu619 [2 likes]: Bhai ager meri website par jo mai iss se related ager banata hu toh Ai traffic se bhi earning hogi ager human traffic kam aaye toh 🤔
  2. @Realhardtech [1 likes]: 🔥 Thanks for watching!
Comment below which niche you want to start, and I’ll help you with topic ideas + content plan.
Blogging 2026 is going to be BIG — start early!
  3. @satoru_vibes [1 likes]: Is this types of niche really works?
  4. @blackbricklabs: Bhosrika timewaster

- EVERGREEN YOUTUBE NICHES: Kind: captions Language: en All right, let's dive straight in. Welcome to this premium YouTube growth blueprint. Today, we're completely shifting gears away from just the basics of YouTube and we are stepping into a highly strategic high CPM monetization mindset. If you are here to learn how to actually build, grow, and scale the channel so it functions as a reliable business asset. Well, you're in exactly the right place for this professional training. Look, 95% of YouTube videos get fewer than a,000 views. Honestly, that hits hard, right? But it's the absolute truth. And the main reason creators get completely trapped on this viral content hamster wheel. They're constantly chasing whatever random trend is popping off this week, which basically guarantees massive burnout the second the algorithm shifts. So today, we are breaking out of that cycle. We're going to build an evergreen passive income engine that works for you 24/7, month after month, year after year. Here is our masterclass syllabus for today. We'll kick things off with the evergreen formula. Then we'll uncover the highest paying niches, dive into audience psychology and search, decode the algorithm and retention, break down sustainable monetization, and wrap it all up with a concrete blueprint for scaling. So, let's jump straight into part one, the evergreen formula. This is your core strategy for long-term channel health. First up, we need to get our terminology straight. What exactly is evergreen content? Simply put, these are videos that stay incredibly relevant and keep generating search traffic for literally years, usually because they solve a permanent human problem. Think along the lines of how to tie a tie or how to invest in an index fund. Next, we have CPM or cost per mill. That's exactly what advertisers are paying YouTube for every thousand ad impressions. And just a quick side note here, RPM, revenue per mill, is the cut that actually ends up in your pocket after YouTube takes its share. Truly understanding your CPM and RPM is absolutely the secret to getting paid like a pro on this platform. And that brings us to the core formula driving this entire strategy. Evergreen niches equals long-term attention plus search demand plus revenue systems. When you combine those three elements, you're no longer just making videos. You've built a self- sustaining business model. The attention comes directly from search. The search comes from solving real problems. and the revenue comes from advertisers who are just desperate to reach that specific highly engaged audience. Moving right along to part two, let's look at the highest paying niches and the hard data behind who really dominates ad revenue. Now, check out the massive contrast in these numbers. Finance and investing commands an average CPM of 20 to $30. That translates to an RPM of $8 to $13 right in your pocket. Legal education and tech, they're right behind it. But then look at gaming. The CPM is a tiny 3 to seven bucks. So, what does this actually mean in the real world? It means a highly targeted finance channel with just 100,000 subscribers can easily out earn a gaming channel with 2 million. Literally, the gap is just staggering. So, you're probably wondering, why does this massive gap even exist? Why do advertisers in finance, legal, and tech pay such a crazy premium? Well, it all comes down to high lifetime customer value. Think about it. If a bank convinces just one of your viewers to open up a brokerage account, or a tech company gets a business owner to sign up for their new software, that single conversion is worth thousands of dollars to them. They have massive B2B and financial service budgets, and they're specifically targeting viewers who have actual real purchasing power. Okay, let's pivot to part three, audience psychology and search. It's time to understand how viewers are really interacting with this highvalue content. There is a stark absolute difference between treating YouTube like a fleeting hobby and treating it like a scalable business. Trendbased content, stuff like reaction videos or pop culture news, those spike incredibly fast, but they die even faster. Search intent topics, on the other hand, things like how-to, beginner's guide, or mistakes to avoid, those create long-term evergreen traffic because they answer very specific recurring questions. You're not just crossing your fingers hoping the algorithm blesses you today. You're planting a seed that's going to be harvested by searchers every single day for the next 5 years. And that leads us perfectly into help content. These are your channel's always on videos. Your entire goal here is to create really straightforward how to guides that address high volume search queries and solve permanent human problems. Whether that's figuring out a tricky programming bug or learning how to start a personal budget, you are providing the exact actionable advice that a viewer was literally just typing into the search bar. Which brings us to part four, the algorithm and retention. Let's decode the machine learning signals YouTube uses to evaluate your videos. Here's a secret. YouTube doesn't actually reward topics. It rewards viewer satisfaction. The algorithm is constantly looking for rapid fire signals. Your click-through rate, your watch time, your audience retention, and overall session duration. Basically, if people click your thumbnail and actually stay to watch the video, YouTube is going to push it wider. But here is the craziest data point. Industry research shows that channels maintaining a 60% or higher ratio of evergreen content see 2.3 times better subscriber retention over a 12-month period. Consistently high viewer satisfaction on those searchdriven videos is exactly what gets you recommended for months and years to come. Next up, part five. Let's talk about sustainable monetization and how to actually build a scalable empire. Honestly, this revenue split is a real eye openener. For the smartest, highest earning creators on the platform, AdSense only makes up about 20% of their total income. That's it. The other 80% is coming directly from selling their own digital products. Think courses, templates, or private coaching. Top creators are building multi,6 and even seven figure businesses because they utilize multiple income streams. Relying completely on YouTube's AdSense is a massive mistake. Let's do some quick math on this just to show you how incredibly powerful it is. Imagine your channel pulls in 100,000 views in a month with a solid $12 RPM. That makes you a very respectable 1,200 bucks in AdSense. Definitely not bad. But what if you sell a premium $497 digital course to just 10 of those 100,000 viewers? You suddenly earned an additional $4,970. Add that to your AdSense and your monthly total skyrockets to over $6,170. See, you didn't need millions of viral views. You just needed the right monetization system in place. So, the underlying strategy here is actually pretty simple. You use your YouTube channel to teach the what and the why for absolutely free. This is how you build your authority, prove your expertise, and generate a massive amount of goodwill with your audience. Then you reserve the advanced strategies, the templates, the step-by-step frameworks, the actual how, and you sell that in your structured premium products. All right, we've made it to the final section, part six, the blueprint for scaling. Let's officially structure your evergreen content factory. Every single successful evergreen channel matures over time by moving through three very specific layers. In step one, the beginner layer, you're creating what is style intro tutorials. This captures those high volume, low-nowledge searchers. Then in step two, the intermediate layer, you naturally transition into specific how-to guides and maybe software comparisons. This is brilliant because it attracts viewers who actually have buyer intent. Finally, step three, the advanced layer. This is where you firmly establish your authority and launch your monetization ecosystems, your courses, your memberships, and all those high-value digital products. So, let's bring all the concepts of this professional training together into one clear, actionable strategy. Revisit this master formula for a second. Search demand plus viewer value plus retention plus monetization equals long-term YouTube growth. It's really that simple. If you're missing even one of these pillars, say you have great search traffic but terrible retention, or you have amazing retention but absolutely zero monetization strategy, the whole engine just stalls out. But when they all work together in harmony, your channel compounds in value completely effortlessly. To wrap up this master class, I want to leave you with one final provocative thought. Instead of waking up and asking yourself what's trending today, which let's face it, is almost always a trap. Ask yourself this. What specific problem can I solve for my audience that will still exist 5 years from now? That right there is where the real value lives. If you build a digital asset that perfectly answers that question, it will continue to pay you for years to come. So go out there and start planting your evergreen empire today. You've got this.

- YouTube Has Changed: You Need to MAKE Your Niche Now (+ Top Niche Ideas 2025): Kind: captions Language: en should I do a YouTube Niche that already has a lot of channels in it or do something new is my Niche too saturated is there any hope of breaking in what is working now real talk here I asked myself this the other day would I tell someone not to start a YouTube channel or not to continue in a YouTube channel in a niche that was highly saturated or had a lot of channels in it already and my answer for myself was nope in fact I would tell you to do it anyway because because of this howdy howdy everyone Nate here welcome back let's pretend like we just went to our favorite Cafe I'd clear a spot on our table pull out a stack of napkins that magically would appear and furiously start scribbling i' also say I've had my eye on a few very interesting niches that you'll want to know about by the end of this conversation and before you could say howdy howdy I would slide this napkin over to you I've been seeing the playing field change on YouTube it used to be more about finding the Gap the area that weren't served on YouTube that you could then serve and say hey I'm going to find the niches the chinks the the areas that don't have a lot of content in them already and I'm going to go in there and fill it all in with my content but then in a true Act of Cafe Showmanship I would take that napkin and crumple it and then toss it because I would say that doesn't work right now this era of YouTube is different because now on YouTube it's more about this you'd be wondering how the heck did he sketch that so fast I'd say I've been waiting to tell you this people keep breaking into quote unquote difficult niches here on YouTube and I've personally helped people and clients to do the same at this point we've got to look at YouTube this way there are a lot of YouTube creators on this platform and no matter what you or I choose to do there already going to be some pretty darn good players in that space so it stands to reason that rather than thinking of it as I'm going to find the gaps with that crumpled napkin wherever it went rather than that I'm going to make my own space on YouTube this is what is happening on YouTube right now and this is why you're watching this video all right you ready here is why making your own Gap works on YouTube first YouTube always wants fresh content so in any Niche taking a new Fresh angle and a new unique spin on what is already there is going to have an advantage second the amount of YouTube viewership is just going up more and more people are joining the platform both as creators but also as viewers and third older creators retire older YouTube creators and old on YouTube is is not that old in the grand scheme of things but older YouTube creators retire all the time leaving attention voids essentially meaning that when someone stops publishing there is a space for attention from viewership where that Creator's audience used to spend their time they now have time to go elsewhere however if we're being strategic and yes we are because you're watching this video right now we also need to look into well how do you actually make your own Gap it's like this we do this by first assessing our capability second assessing the capacity for that content on YouTube and third bringing that unique approach to the platform so we can carve out our own space which right now is is blank because don't worry I've got more napkins and while we're discussing this at our local favorite uh Cafe I may or may not pull up my laptop or uh phone and say hey I'm going to show you how I would do this using one of my current favorite tools the first question we need to answer to assess our own capability is this oh wait that doesn't even have the question written on it pretend like I wrote the question on the napkin or maybe I pulled out a Sharpie and just wrote it on the table right here what do you have an abnormal amount of experience with I would list it out like right now as you're watching this video make a list of things that you have an abnormal amount of experience with and I don't care if you've done it before now is a good time to do it again just do it the next question I'd be asking you as I magically erase this Sharpie writing down here is this what do you have an AB abnormal amount of interest in the key word here is absolutely abnormal there's passing interest there's a hm I'm mildly curious about that and then there's obsessive interest no you don't have to be utterly and totally obsessed in order to be successful as you're assessing your capability of delivering in this Niche but does it help to capitalize on it or bump up your current interest in that Niche yes it does think about it this way have you ever watched someone who is genu genuinely interested and excited about what they were doing and just thought wow that person is interesting to watch or wow I'm not really into that topic but they're so into it I can't stop watching I know you know what I'm talking about here and that is what I'm talking about here as we're assessing our capability what I want you to do with this is again make a list of it write down the things that you have an abnormal amount of interest in and once you've done that it's time for the next napkin uh because there's there seems to be Limitless number of napkins at this restaurant either that or we're going to use their entire stock next is time to do something that many people Overlook and that is assessing the capacity for that Niche that you're thinking about doing or that you're currently doing on YouTube in order to do that I'd say hey watch this I'm going to show you something cool I'd say heck yeah I sketched this while you were sipping your uh fizzy beverage of choice let me pull up valo for you because this is one of my favorite ways both to generate and assess the capacity for an idea or a series of ideas which would be a niche on YouTube If if you have valo or you need valo go ahead and use the link in the pin comments and I'm going to show you how I would go about doing this let's say you want to start or build a channel in a very competitive space let's say it's the financial space the old way to go about doing this is go to YouTube and search a variety of things like how to make money how to do side hustles Etc now in the past when I personally was validating idea I would go first to videos or shorts and I would go down here and I would say what's most popular and scroll through here and see okay these are the highest feuded ones but they're all published 5 years ago 2 years ago oh this one's more recent that's good and I can do that and it absolutely helps however I wouldn't be showing you valo if I didn't think the darn thing made things way way easier you see what I can do is hit save Channel and save it directly into my valo here's an example a client I'm working with we're playing in the big leagues in the financial space but when you save a channel here what you can then do is quickly see these standout Concepts on this one for example I've pulled up Graham Stefan's Channel I added some filter of videos that were published in the last 365 days meaning the last year because they're fresh and then you want to sort by the outlier score the ones with the biggest outlier to the smallest outlier which I've already sorted right here so you can see it so now what do I know this is an assessment with just a single Channel we're picking on Graham Stefan here I know of all of the videos published on Graham's channel in the past year which one stood out the most versus the standard videos on that channel I also see some very interesting things that I might not have picked up on if I wasn't able to filter videos this way look at this out of the top nine videos published within the last year on Graham's channel five of them have the same or virtually the same background for the thumbnail There's Something About This format of thumbnail that is working very well for gram these are the things that are not only within our Niche that we're thinking about playing in or we are currently playing in but they are above it they're the standout Concepts in that neede so that's if I'm looking at an individual YouTube channel what if I want a conglomerate of several channels well for this in discussions with my client we pulled together a few example channels that we are potentially looking to take hints from I can keep all the other filters the same but of these six channels that I pulled out I can remove Graham Stefan as the only filter and now what we get is this and as you're following along with valo I want you to do the same thing go ahead to several channels and hit the save Channel button or if you're on mobile V just released mobile apps that you can do the same thing you can hit share and then save it to your valo or if you want to drill down even further what I recommend doing is saving individual videos intoo which I have right here I used this for another client we started saving videos that stood out in the influence and business growth space you're also able to create and manage tags like I added the ridiculous but notable tag here I don't think any of these got that tag because they weren't ridiculous enough but if I say hey I want to validate a bunch of ideas uh for their thumbnail so of the saved videos in this folder I thought that these thumbnails were notable such that I added the tag to them hey would you look at that I found the missing napkins the ones with the questions that I had to uh write on the table I mean I I definitely sketched these napkins just now because I didn't pre- sketch these napkins knowing you were going to ask me these questions so bringing it back here to uh making your own gap on YouTube we've assessed ourselves and we've also assessed the capacity on YouTube what's next next is this I would surreptitiously slide you this napkin and say if you're enjoying this conversation and our friendly neighborhood local cafe go ahead and Boop the like button yeah and then without acknowledging anything at all odd had happened I would move that napkin away and slide you another napkin because this is what we're doing now we're bringing our unique approach together and Publishing and in order to do that there are two considerations you want to keep in mind how often do you want to publish and how urgent do you want that publishing to be because when you're considering the niche that you want to select on YouTube some just by their nature have a more urgent aspect to them if it's more news or current events type of content the other deciding factor here is what do you want your Revenue to look like there are three primary ways that I see creators or YouTube channels making revenue and depending on what Niche you choose and how you approach that Niche you'll probably lead with one of these if you're going primarily for eyeballs for your Revenue no you're not stealing people's eyeballs please don't do that what I'm talking about is eyeballs on your content as much spread as possible with your primary goal being wide viewership leading to more partner revenue and higher sponsor rates if you're going primarily for consumers you don't necessarily have to go the widest possible that you possibly can you can be a bit more niche as the saying goes and focus more on offering things like products and Affiliates and those products can be digital but often times they're consumables or physical products and if you're heading the students route you can even be more Niche because many times if people are looking to learn something they're further down the rabbit hole so to speak and they're willing to pay for additional training implementation or help from you now with that in mind it is time to finally answer what I alluded to earlier in this video I have been observing certain areas of YouTube that even though I said you don't have to find gaps these are areas that I think are pretty golden this year the principal holds here even if I don't mention a niche you can still make your own Gap as we've been talking about thus far in this video first YouTube Niche idea inaccessible situations the fewer people that can access what you have access to the better now what do I mean by that well let me show you an example this channel Jacob no's is an example of an inaccessible Niche that you can take hints from as you're choosing your own you can see most of these recent youTube shorts as an example are catching lobsters with various ailments various issues and then usually throwing them back into the water after the issue has been resolved do you live on a houseboat do you have a certain profession that only 0.1% of people have that's the kind of thing I'm looking for here I mean Heck if you do Roofing and you record yourself while you were doing Roofing doing it safely hopefully then that's something that most people don't do and the more exotic or interesting or remote the home is the more interesting the video idea is next YouTube Niche idea I would be seriously considering this year and this piggybacks very well on the inaccessible things if you have the capability of taking something that is normal for people and making it just that extra interesting thing for them I'll give you an example this channel Steve the Vivaldi way they've absolutely exploded on YouTube shorts you can see they only have 42 videos and over 300,000 subscribers this is happening right now this is recent and all that this guy does is record himself creating the recipes from the restaurant exactly how you would create them for a customer but here's where the magic comes in and this is where I would uh push these aside and put these two back up as a reminder with this channel assessing their capability and what they're bringing unique to the channel this guy doesn't try to be super professional in fact he's very casual and approachable and there's something about his energy I challenge you just go read the comments on all of the YouTube shorts almost everybody watching these shorts thinks I don't know why this is but I just feel like this guy's my friend next YouTube Niche I would be considering this year you recall me earlier talking about how interested you are in something if you ratchet that up it inherently makes you interesting to watch if you take that combined with a traditionally boring topic you blow people's freaking Minds things like accounting obscure movies and culture or products that were never released or why one grocery store is super efficient and the other is terrible people may not be interested in the IC itself but they will watch someone who is interested in it next YouTube Niche that I see on the rise is the mental health space with some caveats here because if you're giving medical advice first of all you need to be certified or you need to let people know hey I am not certified in this but this is my experience people today this year more than ever are appreciating authenticity and talking about the things that they're struggling with so for the mental health space whether you take it directly on like I'm going to make a whole Channel about mental health or I'm going to make it an aspect of my gaming channel or my other topic Channel there's a lot of capacity there and I only see it going up now you remember I mentioned that video earlier where we were talking about uh how often to publish and the timing of your publishing and I alluded to picking the Right video length that fits your audience expectations well I may or may not have one more napkin to slide your way and it looks like this [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @ThatNateBlack [24 likes]: Alright let's settle this: is it pronounced niche or niche? 😂

UPDATE: I got you Velio here: https://bit.ly/4hnFV1K
Scroll down and select the "annual" option to get the discount, then if my code isn't already added, add the code "NATE" when you sign up

Make it awesome!
  2. @cinema-q [1 likes]: The fact that I can't even open Velio without putting in credit card information is ridiculous. Was this just an ad for velio??
  3. @AnytimeAdventuresAA [1 likes]: Very interesting topic. I’m experiencing uncertainty. I just uploaded a video on Venezuela as I’m trying to connect the wonders of our world with geopolitics. I’m not sure whether that niche is ideal or specific enough, but it’s what inspires me. Sometimes I wonder if I should move closer to what viewers are searching for. So many questions… wishing everyone success!
  4. @JustCuRtZ: Really liked how this video keeps things simple but still delivers actual value—no unnecessary fluff, just straight clarity. The way you explained it makes it easy to understand and apply immediately, which is rare these days 👍
  5. @RobertFilatowTech: Probably takes longer to train the algorithm to get pushed to the right audience. But I feel the whole idea of a niche is often misunderstood. Many confound niche with the word "Topic".
  6. @wileycoyote9504: "an abnormal amount of experience in?" i giggled reading that
  7. @YUNO.exopro: Wow
  8. @Multi-AccountMastery: The way you flipped the whole “find a gap” advice into “make your own gap” by combining abnormal experience + obsessive interest + capacity checks with tools like Velio is such a refreshing take on niches. It honestly makes saturated spaces feel exciting instead of scary, and has me wanting to audit my own skills and maybe test a few of those “inaccessible situation” or boring-topic-but-obsessed-host ideas on some small niche channels I’ve picked up from accsmarket before I fully commit long term.
  9. @Nflchino063: I need help to start my YouTube channel from O
  10. @Godsgirl-r2y: Thank you nate
  11. @Randomlyme123: my niche is speaking slowly. as though the house was NOT on fire. I'm 80
  12. @Bad_Sophists: question: I've a "philosophy/big ideas channel." is this a decent "question" niche
  13. @Bad_Sophists: do you do card magic?
  14. @The_Egyptian_queen: Obsession is a double sword 🗡️ game. 

When you are obsessed with something. Making it monetised feels like selling a part of your soul to the public. Having to prioritise their interest over your own vision because the cash comes from them. And having to retire at some point or delegate or hand your task to other people when you scale up ( aka your mentality would shift from to being a business man instead of practicing your obsession . You would rather become obsessed with the public opinions ,numbers, views and perfectionism instead of following your heart especially if you made a big success. Your obsession would gradually turned into a job and you could risk hating to practice it . 

I don't know but i guess your obsession should remain un-monitised to remain an obsession. And you should pick your interests ( the big ones or the mild ones ) instead to work on and make money from because they don't have the same sacred position in your heart that your obsession acquires. 

This can work for some people but I guess for others their obsession being brought to the public feels like the worst nightmare.
  15. @aidenbowlin6683: The thing that i have abnormal experience with is psychedelics, and youtube doesn't really like that. You guys got any advice?
  16. @AjsItalianIce: Congrats you earned a new subscriber lol great content im new really focused on starting out correctly and getting monetized any advice on a how to properly do that?
  17. @DJT2028: Your content has to be sustainable...can it be sustained long term
  18. @LegsOfFaith586: Omg I laughed out loud with the boop napkin!😂…aaaaand then I hit the like button😂😆Brilliant!🙌🏻
  19. @somya_says: Im someone with a very shy and introvert kinda personality so i think that i should make this my niche by discussing all things from a introvert pov and also i wnt to help other ppl like me to get ahead in life by sharing tips, strategies, stories in both serious nd sarcastic ways.
  20. @donjcalm: Nate, thanks for sharing your ideas.

- YouTube CHANGED How Niches Work (+ Top Niche Ideas 2026): Kind: captions Language: en So, if the number of videos on the YouTube platform are higher than they've ever been before, and that's not going to let up, what do we do now? This is how I look at it. Before, picking a niche on YouTube looked somewhat like an inverted triangle or a funnel here, where the common advice of niche down typically meant you were picking more specific topics. I am seeing a fundamental shift in how YouTube works which is making this inverted triangle look more like this where the gradual narrowing down of topics seems to be going away and it is being replaced with something else. Howdy howdy everyone, Nate here. Say hello to what I am calling the niche T or what is currently effective on the YouTube platform for carving out your space as early and as easily as possible. I have been observing some trends that seem to be pointing towards this. We need to go in one of two directions. Either going a mile wide with our ideas or a mile deep. With a mile wide being what I would call the so-called big ideas. Think broad appeal video ideas where a lot of people are going to be interested in this. You see this most often in many of the very large channels at this point. In fact, many of them that started off what would be called more niche or niched down. As they've grown over time, they've evolved with the content that they publish on their channel. often going more the route of ongoing series or challenges, very entertainment focused content because these big ideas are often wider net. They're meant to attract a much broader demographic of people. But there's a new angle, a whole swath of YouTube that is becoming more and more important, especially for what were previously called the niche creators. And it's so-called because it's less about niching down and more about connection. And this is where I am seeing the new YouTube emerging. YouTube at this point does not need you as much as they used to. It used to be much more of a case of this person wants to learn about making bread. So I've got 50 making bread channels to pull from. And based on the data and the interconnectedness and the behavior of the audience, I now have 50 different options for that category of making bread. I I know the last time YouTube was only 50 channels about making bread was probably way way way a long time ago, but bear with me while I explain this. If previously in the scale of things there was only 50 channels about making bread, now there are 100,000 channels about making bread. And again, that number is just an example of the scale that YouTube is dealing with right now. They are now able to do something that they have never been able to do quite this way before. Let's say these represent videos from different channels. If before YouTube only had oh this many videos to pull from, now they have exponentially more than that. They now can do this. And I want you to listen close because it seems subtle, but it is a dramatic shift that I'm observing to how their recommendation engine is working. What YouTube seems to be doing is instead of thinking in terms of here is a channel, this channel represents a pillar of content, here is another channel, this channel represents another pillar of content, they instead are looking at it like all of the videos from all of the channels are all part of a broad pool of videos and they don't care as much to re-recommend a video from a previous viewer of a channel. It seems to me that YouTube has been making the shift into broad pool of videos around a niche or around a topic rather than mini pools based on channels or audience segments. And in fact, if you want to test this out yourself, try going to YouTube, try watching a video on a new topic. You watch that video, then go back to the homepage and see what's recommended to you. In many cases, they might not even recommend another video of that topic. But let's say you try watching three videos on that same topic from a specific channel. You go back to the homepage. The algorithm seems to be more likely to show videos from that channel that you watched three videos on. But at this point, you go back to the homepage and even though you've binge watched a single channel in this case, all right, you watched a whole bunch of videos from this one channel about bread makingaking. If you go back to the homepage, if you look at the suggested traffic, it's almost like at this point the algorithm has leveled out the playing field and now sees videos from a lot of different channels. And this leads to the behavior where the algorithm seems to need an individual channel less. And it seems to only make sense because of the vast amount of channels and content. So what does this literally translate into for you and I as creators on this platform? Let me show you. I look at this and I say, if previously there was 50 breadmaking videos and now there's 100,000, what makes me stand out? What makes it so that when someone comes to my channel, they want to watch more videos from my channel despite the 99,900 other videos that they could watch about bread making? Why are they going to come back to my channel? Here is my premise. It all comes down to this mile deep that is available for any creator at this point. the connection and becoming known for something. So, there's so many videos now about how to make bread or whatever your chosen niche is on this platform. How do you establish the becoming known and the connection? First, we need to understand what is currently working in your niche. Now, the traditional way to do this is to go find a bunch of these other creators, uh, subscribe to their channels, maybe build a spreadsheet, uh, where you populate it, you input their channel data and all of that. Or there's another way I'm going to show you. I think by the end of seeing it, you will see why it is so effective. If you log into your Velo, you go to your tracked channels, you are now able to create a new channel database like this and generate one based on a few simple prompts. You just input a few words of what you want to become known for and the niche you're playing in, and Veo will then pull in all of those channels almost immediately. The more channels that I add to this list, the smarter the database gets. This is an example of one that I made in the book space. I gave it a simple prompt. I said, "These are the types of channels that I'm looking to understand." And based on that alone, I now have 764 channels that I can now learn from. How long would it have taken me to manually gather 764 channels? I don't even know. Then what I can do is aside from looking at all the data and the outlier videos down here, Marcus just let me know they just added a feature where if you select trending, you can actually find videos that relate to the topic you're looking for. And again, this isn't just a searching on YouTube and whatever YouTube decides to pull up. This is literally the channels that have the audiences that you're keeping an eye on and their recent data. I could go on and on. I highly recommend Value. In fact, I'll put a link to it below. I just spoke with Marcus. Got a really awesome deal for you. I pulled out my phone because I wanted to show you. A good friend of mine just messaged me recently and they said, "Hey Nate, I just signed up for Velio using your link. Mind freaking blown." And then mind blown emoji. I was doing this all manually on a spreadsheet like a dinosaur. [laughter] Now, once you have a database in place, whether it's using Velio or building your own spreadsheet, you look through and you identify what is being done specifically for connection. How are these people keeping their audience sticking around? particularly the channels that have a really high rate of return for their audience, especially if they may not have very many subscribers, but the baseline number of views that they get on a video is really high relative to their channel size. And once we do that layer, once we have that mile deep factor in place, we are still looking for the gaps in topics, approaches, and overall ideas. Now, with these factors in mind, I have been keeping my eyes open for a couple of niches that I think will do exceptionally well this year. First, video game storytelling or the art of telling stories while playing footage with a video game. Most often using the actual video game to create something that is independent of the core gameplay loop for most creators. What you're doing is you're transforming it into a story. It's not a new concept per se, but comfort viewing is just going up on YouTube right now. And the returnability, the memorability, the connection with the creators that do this well is huge. Oh, and I'm always putting AI through its rounds, especially with image generation, just to see what the heck is going to come up with. Apparently, this one needed a pencil and a pen on the book. Next, a middle ground approach, more like a commentator style of channel where there's always two different sides. There's always division, there's always social media, there's political things. With all of those things, I'm seeing a higher appeal for being a third voice on trends or current issues. Essentially, where there's division in a niche, be it political or otherwise, being someone that actually finds the real issues underneath it, does the research, the verification, and provides transparent information, will be very big. And if you're a creator that is already doing this or considering doing this, I salute you. I love what you're doing. Next, unique access or hobby. I have mentioned this in previous videos similar to this one, but this one keeps being huge. In fact, I found a an example recently of a channel where they had a point of view camera. I don't know where it was mounted, maybe on their head or something. And this creator was in the forest. I think they climbed the tree. Uh they were in logging or something like that and they were chopping down the tree, but it was a point of view perspective. So, if you have special access or skills, niche hobbies or unique knowledge, these types of things especially are exploding on short form content right now. Another example I give of this, which is probably where the AI got this uh dandelion thing, is there's a creator that has built their entire persona around uh what is it? Crayola dandelion color. You should check out their channel. It's actually a very good channel. Next, thought experiments. What we're thinking with thought experiments are scenarios. Taking something that might be real and putting a fictional spin on it. I've seen this a lot in the history space recently where people are taking questions from history or historical events and saying what if such and such person was not born or what if such and such discovery was never discovered. Another angle with this that I am loving right now is simplifying the human survival experience. So asking questions that help people live better lives like what if you do such and such instead of something else. I totally forgot I meant to put one of these papers as a sneaky boop the like button. Pretend like there's one of these that says boop the like button with a AI drawn uh thumbs up. Maybe with like two thumbs. Next, sustainable living. Almost nothing needs to be said about this aside from it can be entry to advanced ecological living. But again, the focus on this one is simplifying. Simplifying foods, being able to name ingredients with all the complexity of social media and all that. There's a lot of interest in going back to roots. I know I've talked about this in previous videos like this. It is still crushing it. It is still wide open. Next, practical AI. This is essentially a new language is being introduced for many people and that is AI, the tools, the the the uses for AI. How do you make it practical amongst all of the players right now? Why don't you be the one that provides the interpretation for the people that need to use AI? So, pick your area of approach, be the filter for all the options, and provide instructions and outcomes for your audience. Next, mental health awareness. This is also not a new topic, but it is becoming more prolific than ever. And as discoveries are being made and as science is advancing, we're coming up with better words and better understanding of all of the things that are occurring with humans. There's increased public awareness and new niches keep opening up. These niches, where they were previously a really unknown fringe thing, are now becoming more mainstream. People are starting to identify themselves and understand themselves better than before and put words on it. And next, I freaking love this one, the idea of time capsules, where your channel is essentially a capsule of nostalgia. I'm seeing this pop up more and more and current generations, the companies know this. They're monetizing nostalgia a lot right now. Essentially taking certain aspects, you choose your topic matter, and you take aspects of the past and you republish it. You add additional commentary, you add additional details, and you're basically creating an archive of someone's history, allowing them to relive things that they haven't for years. And there's actually one other thing associated with building this connection. It's a skill that is going to be huge this year.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ThatNateBlack [8 likes]: What’s your niche? Have you seen it evolve recently?

Get Velio here: https://velio.co/nateblack/ - I spoke with Marcus and got you and AWESOME deal to give it a go!
  2. @bobba_cake2371 [6 likes]: I personnally hate the new algorithm as a viewer, I can't find the videos / creators I like as easily, only a few pop-up constantly, I dive into one thing and then it's all over my fyp. ;-;
  3. @Abbos_Vlogs [2 likes]: When I uploaded my first video few days ago, I didn't expect much but when someone liked, subscribed, and commented, it meant everything.the small act of support reminded me that behind every number is a real person who believes in what l'm creating thank you guys for being part of my journey it means the world to me😊
  4. @theMerdan [1 likes]: I started paying attention to recommendations, and YouTube still recommends videos from the creators I have been watching. So idk🤷🏼‍♂️
  5. @KimberlyBrowne-y4x [1 likes]: 2:40 Yeah, yeah I'm listening I'm here with you but can I just take a moment to say the fact that you can make all those different squiggly things {.  .} in all those different shapes and sizes in all those different directions is mind-blowing to me cuz I can't even make one 😭🤯👏👏
  6. @UncorkedinRuralSpain [1 likes]: I have a channel about living in the country in Spain. And a channel about early retirement. And I'm about to launch a nostalgia channel. So that was good to hear. I'm almost ready to launch a music channel for GEN Xers.
  7. @Lovayn12: I wish I knew how to make bread. If only there was a channel for it... :D
  8. @Rave-tq6ix: The do it yourself niche is pretty much RNG. You can make content other YouTubers haven't made a video for people that are interested to watching. Which can be good for new channel or age channels but the RNG effect is where it makes it challenging.
  9. @deadringer-cultofdeathratt8813: 9:42 I follow her on some platforms. She's great. But I forget her name.
  10. @EGoat: Im stuck in a sub-niche of gaming. I play a lot of extraction shooters, but I struggle to make videos on it because it's turned stale. The genre itself is growing, but they all feel the exact same and personally I am getting burnt out on the genre itself (playing more than 7+ years in that genre). Trying to find games similar to them is all good and dandy, but I find it difficult to switch from those games because they're the most successful videos I've had to date.
  11. @Nika-Lives: great content. thanks but it's not cool that as soon as you signup they want your card
  12. @WJones23: All I know is my channel used to get like 1k views per video and now it’s 300
  13. @StarlightAkari: NATE! You are one of the only youtube gurus that I feel is actually legitimate... I am dying to know based on these changes, is a two-niche channel viable on youtube? Suprisingly people haven't made a video answering this in years!

My audience is based around a singular game, but I really want to work on an original IP, without making a second channel. Is this possible or will youtube crush me for trying?
Thank you!!
  14. @JoshuaDutczak: This was an incredible description. 
Thanks man.
  15. @ThiagoGarcia-o5u: top content
  16. @erock7254: Hello! Do you still do consulting?
  17. @TombieX: Hi Nate, I've been watching a lot of your videos. I have a question that I didn't find the answers in yout videos (maybe could be an idea for a new video for you). I used to have 2.000 subscribers in 2015. I left youtube for years and in 2022 I got back creating content. My content was gaming, reactions, stream clips, etc. On 2023 I made a video talking about a experience I had in my work as a 3D designer and that video blew up with almost 400.000 views in two videos talking about that subject. I got +10.000 subs in less than a month. Then I continued with my previous content but people didn't care (again trying to reach 100 views per video). On 2025 I made a video showing my experience opening a 3d printing business (it was a video that I made for fun). That video got 80.000 views, then I made a second part and I got almost 200.000 views, then a few videos about making products for my 3d business and showing the results. Those videos got thousands of views, reaching +25.000 subs. Before this I couldn't reach +500 views per video, now I got thousands. The thing is that I never wanted to make a channel about 3D printing, I got really inside that niche and I didn't like getting views with a content I didn't like making. I wanted to do other type of content.  Now I changed the content again to my previous one, but nobody care because youtube recommend my videos to people that search 3d printing or businesses or entrepeneurs. So my question is: if my youtube channel blew up with 3d printing videos getting thousands of views each video I uploaded, is there a way to "organize" the algorithm again so I get recommended to the right people? or is it too late? Thank you so much!
  18. @Dolly32: Or you can research for free using YouTube.
  19. @ErkanClipz: Wery learningfull. Thank you for this. Im gonna be famous now 😂❤
  20. @sketcherkanap: I've stumbled upon the crayola dandelion color creator before. I enjoyed watching that content but I never went back watching another from that creator🤔

- How to Pick the BEST NICHE on YouTube: Kind: captions Language: en The average creator takes about 124 videos to reach 1,000 subs. And yet, I was able to do it with only one video, and I now make over 15 grand a month off of my channel at 17 years old. But it had nothing to do with luck and everything to do with my niche strategy. So, I'm going to show you the three-step process that I used to pick a good niche and how one creator grew to over 10 million subs with a simple change that you can use as well. And for those who stick around until the end, I'll also give away my editing presets for free that helped me blow up with my very first video. Starting with step one, find your drive. For most creators, their drive is to either create content, make money, or a bit of both. But the reality is, no matter what you choose, it is going to take a ton of time, energy, and focus to create a successful channel. In fact, it took creators like Mr. Beast and Marcus Brownley over 10 years just to reach a million subs. So, I want you to create a list of things that you might want to create content about on YouTube. Then go through that list and cross off everything that doesn't drive you. Remember, some of the largest creators in the world spent years making content before they started making money. So, you need to find a topic that you are equally passionate about creating content on. Then, I want you to consider whether there is an audience on YouTube as passionate as you about this type of content. For example, if you're an accountant that loves saving money, then you'll want to pick something like personal finance that has an existing fan base of people who also love the topic. Then, once you've narrowed down a list of content that drives you as a creator, you'll need to pick your content role. When it comes to YouTube, there are two main content roles. The first role is the entertainer, whose purpose is to entertain viewers through things like humor and drama. Examples of creators with this role include people like Mr. Beast, Logan Paul, and PewDiePie. To make it as an entertainer, you need some kind of unique selling point that brings people in and keeps them coming back for more. For Mr. Beast, it's his insane ideas. For PewDiePie, it was his unique and unusual personality. It doesn't matter what your unique selling point is, but it needs to be unique and attention-grabbing. The second role is the educator, the purpose of which is to educate the viewer on a topic such as finance, nutrition, or even growing on YouTube. Examples of creators with this role are Graham Stefen, Film Booth, and myself. To succeed in this role, you'll need what's called social proof, which is a quantifiable and measurable way to show that you know what you're talking about. For Graeme, it was his years of experience working as a real estate agent and multi-million dollar net worth. For me, it's my previous experience growing and monetizing YouTube channels and the fact that I'm earning over six figures a year on YouTube at just 17 years old. And speaking of that, I'm giving away the editing presets that helped me get to the point that I'm at today for free at natewealth.com/e or with link in the description. So, go check that out if you're interested. But with everything said though, the line between the role of educators and entertainers on YouTube is quite great. Just because you're an educator doesn't mean you can't also be an entertainer and vice versa. In fact, there are some creators like Vsauce that are a mix of both. Which is why no matter what you choose, you're going to want to use a software that I've been using recently called Riverside. You see, one of the keys to standing out as an educator or entertainer is through leveraging a strong personal brand, which can really only be leveraged for the most part when you show your face and use your own voice on camera with headshot content. But the last thing you want is lowquality headshot content. And that's where Riverside comes in. Riverside is great because it records your headshot content at the highest quality possible and then uploads your content to the cloud where specific AI improves the narration quality for you and adds attention-grabbing captions. And if that wasn't enough, it also has the magic clips feature, which takes your content and turns it into viral worthy short form clips to post on other social media platforms. And by using this software, you can expect a 65% reduction in editing time along with a 230% increase in quality. Achieving such results would typically cost around $5,000 otherwise. And the good news is that you can enjoy these benefits too by clicking Riverside's link in my description and using coupon code Nate at checkout to get 15% off. So don't lose quality on your headshot content and save time with Riverside. And then once you've picked your driving niche role and established a highquality editing system with Riverside, you can pick a subniche that capitalizes on the two content ceilings. And trust me when I say that you can't miss this section, as it covers the two most common mistakes beginner YouTubers make when selecting a niche. Content ceilings are the limits a type of content has for growing your channel. The first is the idea ceiling, which will just determine the number of videos you can make in a certain niche before you run out of ideas. For example, let's say that you were to make a channel that only focuses on covering the US presidential election, which happens every four years. When the election is on, you can make a ton of content, but when the election cycle isn't on, you'll have nothing to talk about, meaning you don't have a great idea ceiling. Now, compare that to a channel which focuses on general US pop culture, like Philip DeFranco, and you'll have a ton more content to make videos about. The second one to determine is the view ceiling, which will just determine the amount of views you can potentially get on a video based on the number of people that will actually watch it on YouTube. For example, Dr. Mike is a famous YouTuber that now has over 11 million subs. But he struggled in the beginning to get a ton of views because his idea ceiling was quite low. At first, he was making content that targeted medical students on topics like how not to get sick and the seven health benefits of green tea. But then he found a subniche within his niche as an educator that had a much higher idea ceiling. This idea was to create reaction content to popular medical shows. And by leveraging his personal experience as a doctor as social proof, he was able to provide commentary on popular medical shows and share with viewers whether stuff that happened in the shows was accurate or not. And unlike his earlier videos, which struggled to get a lot of views, his most popular video, named Real Doctor Reacts to The Good Doctor, has grown to over 40 million views, meaning it had an amazing view ceiling. So, after you pick a niche that drives you and your role as a content creator, make sure to pick a subniche that has a great idea ceiling and view ceiling. But even with both of these ceilings being really important to your channel success, the idea ceiling is a lot more important than the view ceiling. as it's still possible to succeed in a smaller niche if you're smart about monetizing your channel. As long as you're able to keep consistently creating new content that brings viewers back to your channel, which isn't the same the other way around, because there's only so many ways to repackage and remake the same video idea before viewers get bored and your channel stops getting any views. And if you're interested in learning how some niches have the potential to make creators millions of dollars just off of ad revenue, then check this video out next where I explore those niches and show you how to find

  Top Comments:
  1. @ChristianVandaos [10 likes]: Yup. View ceilings shifted my attitude towards much more of an entertainer over an educator.
I want 50 million views on a video, not 50 thousand.
Thanks for the reminder.
  2. @YouTubeProTips [7 likes]: Nice video! I agree that when choosing a niche, it’s better to pick something you’re passionate about. This will show in the content you create and will resonate with your target audience.
  3. @imaderandy8325 [4 likes]: Oh bro, you look like  mark zuc bro
  4. @paperyahiseaayega [1 likes]: i dont, know why but this gay looks like zuck
  5. @musicworship4520 [1 likes]: your "social proof" could be all fabricated for all we know. This channel is a joke.
  6. @137dylan [1 likes]: Wrong image used at 2mins13 for Graham
  7. @bobjones9406 [1 likes]: Fake it until you make it! Nice job
  8. @bros947: How can I determine how many people are in a niche for the view ceilings? Also I am wondering about a niche that I am interested in. I was wondering if there was a way to ask you about it without getting it leaked all over?
  9. @angelinaxsimon: Some faceless channels are successful. It is not necessary to show your own face on cam and in some cases I believe it will be a rather a distraction. Not everyone wants to be on YouTube with "Hey, that's me" vibe.
  10. @AuthentiquePodcast: ok
  11. @PersonalFinancesExplained: Great explanation of the difference between idea ceiling and content ceiling. Very helpful content.
  12. @TheUndercoverMom: Could I book/hire you to help me with finding a niche?
  13. @cricreports-247: Where are you from dear
  14. @Mexshotz: how would you do a gameplay video or what ideas would you take in mind for a video like it?
  15. @ilm_spire: Bro I didn't get the presets :( subscribed last night and still waiting
  16. @oldaxariym: FOR my yt channel i have an idea of doing a fact video like "How fnaf grew the indie game industry" to making a funny memes in horror like "funny moments in Phasmophobia" but i need it have better titles. got any ideas. BTW love your channel
  17. @TopCorner0010: Maybe this comment will be delete by the owner...But i am telling you if you are thinking about buy his course than you are gonna waste your money and time
cause I can't find any special things on it. Just some dialogues again and again. He just talk like he does nothing more
  18. @faychipp: I just wanna make stuff for fun because i enjoy editing and recording
  19. @DeParot: graham photo was wrong second time
  20. @bazil6211: yo can you make a video about storage management? I really stuggle with that

- How to ACTUALLY Pick A Niche (for Creators who WANT to niche down): Kind: captions Language: en If you're a content creator trying to grow on social media, you've probably heard the advice to pick a niche. So either you've picked a niche and for some reason things still aren't working for you, or you have no idea where to start when it comes to niching down because let's face it, we are multi-passionate people. How the heck are you supposed to niche down when you love coffee, reading, conspiracy theories, working out, all the things? Don't worry, I've got you because in this video you are going to learn what picking a niche actually means cuz either people aren't teaching it the right way or you're misinterpreting what it means. You'll learn two niche types that you'll need to identify, when it's okay to not niche down, and a few exercises to help you narrow down on what your niche is. As always, timestamps are below, use them if you need them, and let's jump to the computer. Sure, we've heard this phrase a bajillion times. You pick your niche, pick a niche, whatever, like you have to narrow down, you have to narrow down in order to grow. Raise your hand if you heard that. I know I've heard it a million times. The problem with this phrase is that a lot of people misunderstand what picking a niche actually means. So that's why in this lesson we are going to go over the three steps to properly define your vocational niche. And if you haven't heard this phrase before, this is probably why picking your niche in the past hasn't been working for you. Let me break it down. What is a niche? According to our trusty Google dictionary, niche is a specialized segment of the market for a particular kind of product or service. Fantastic, Milly, but what does that actually mean? Let's break this up into two sides of the definition, right? You have the first half, which is niche is a specialized segment of the market. And this is what I referred to as a broad niche. Your broad niche is usually what people think of when they hear or teach on this topic. We know fitness, beauty, fashion, travel, education. All of these are a broad niche type, right? And this is great to clarity to have. If you know what category your content falls under, that's fantastic. But is it actually niched down enough? People often forget about the second half of the definition, and that is for a particular kind of product or service. So this is the second half of your niche type, and this is what I referred to as your fixed niche. Your fixed niche is something that gets even more specific with your broad niche. So good questions to ask yourself to figure out what your fixed one is, what kind of blank, or who is my message for, what is my style of blank. And filling in the blanks you could say what kind of fashion, what kind of fitness. Here are some examples. So if your broad focus is on travel, you need to get more specific than that. So maybe your fixed niche would be budget-friendly international travel. That is way more specific. Or even fitness. Fitness is too broad. We need to get more specific. Get that fixed niche and say fitness from home for busy moms. It says who it's for. It says the type of fitness. Or even eco-friendly 70s fashion. So maybe you love to thrift, you're doing fashion, and it's focused on 70s style. So get really specific with what kind of blank are you? The third step to picking your niche is making sure that it is your vocational niche. There's this alternate definition of the word niche that oftentimes people overlook, but I think it is more powerful than the typical definition. And that is a place, job, or use for which a person or a thing is best fitted. This brings me into the definition of vocational or vocation. The word vocation is a strong feeling of suitability for a particular career or occupation. So when you put these two words together, it is basically saying that you should be picking a segment of the market that you are particularly passionate about or really care about doing. This was one of the biggest mistakes I made when I first started growing, and that's why I want to tell you how important it is to pick a niche that you genuinely love, not because other people are doing it. Your enthusiasm behind what you do will give you your unique positioning that will naturally magnetize your audience to you. My biggest mistake was picking a niche that everybody else was doing because I thought it was the successful thing to do. It wasn't until I pivoted and focused on what I truly enjoyed that I finally started seeing results. Now, there are times where it's okay to not niche down, and we're going to talk about that next. But first, if you're somebody who is serious about becoming a content creator, like you know deep down this is what you want to do, you have that feeling, it keeps you up at night, it's all you can think about, you're like, I feel like I was destined for this, I have probably the best resource you'll ever find. As some of you may have noticed, this video's structure is slightly different from the usual videos here on my channel where we're talking face-to-face. Like it's me here, you get flashy b-roll, all the things, etc. That's because for those of you who don't already know, which I'm sure most of you do at this point, while I'm on maternity leave, every other week here on my channel I am releasing an exclusive look inside a few different courses that I offer on my website to help you decide if that course would be a good fit for you. The video you are watching right now is a lesson from my course bundle the BSP model, which is the only course bundle that exists for aspiring creators like yourself. It's basically like creator university with access to over nine different courses, 150 lessons, over 35 hours of educational content and material for you to learn from so that you can learn how to go from zero to full-time content creator. The best part is that the lessons are literally laid out in order for you. All you have to do is follow the recommended course outline, take it one video at a time, and you'll see results like these students here. I remember back when I was getting started as a content creator, it felt like information overload. Like there was so much noise with people saying, oh, you need to do this, pick a niche, provide value, be consistent, but also post every day, but don't get burnt out. Like I feel like there was so much noise of what to do. And I wish I just had a game plan created for me that I could follow, and that's what this is. So if you're somebody who wants to be a full-time content creator and you don't want to waste time figuring out how to do it on your own, or maybe you feel like you've already wasted time trying to figure out how to do it on your own, BSP is the literal steps for you to follow from A to Z so that you could go from zero to full-time. I'll leave everything you need to know linked down below. And if you're more interested in just checking out some of the individual courses in BSP, I'll be sure to link to some of those as well. Because there is a course that is just dedicated to helping you define your branding or your personal brand in the social media space. All right, let's jump back to our video. Now, a question that I get asked a lot is, is lifestyle a niche? And I hate to burst your bubble, but no, it is not. It just based off of the definition that we talked about in this lesson, lifestyle is not niched down enough. It's not narrowed down enough. And when you say that you're a lifestyle blogger or a lifestyle influencer, especially when starting out, you actually put yourself at a disadvantage because I'm sure you've heard the saying when you talk to everyone, you're talking to no one. That's very much what having a lifestyle brand is. At least again, if you're somebody who is starting from zero or from the ground up, and you really want to start building rapid traction, lifestyle will hurt you. Now, the question is, why? Why is lifestyle not your niche? Let me be very clear. I'm not saying lifestyle content is never successful. I I'm absolutely not saying that because it works really well for so many other people and for so many other platforms. We see people like Alex Earl blowing up on platforms like TikTok simply sharing her everyday life, get ready with me videos. So there are successful content creators out there that are creating lifestyle content on their platforms. But what I'm saying is if you are somebody who wants rapid growth, I'm pretty sure you are because you are here and you want to see success quickly, picking a niche will get you those results faster. It's just the proven method. It works, and that's why we have an entire lesson teaching you how to pick your industry and how to narrow down your focus of your content so you can see results quicker. Now, if after I say that you are still thinking, but Milly, what if I I really don't want to niche down? I just really don't want to niche down. Which by the way is separate from I don't know how to niche down or I don't know what my niche would be. Those are two separate things. If you don't know how to niche down, we're going to get into that in a second. But if like you physically cannot niche down, that's fine. That's fine. But that just means there will be two things that you have to accept. The first one being, you're going to have to pick a different strategy, obviously, and there are two options for you. But they do not see as much of rapid growth as niching down would. So the reason everybody says, oh, you need to niche down, is because it's a proven strategy, it works across all platforms for all algorithms, and that's why everybody talks about it. There are two other lesser-known strategies. Both of those strategies we will talk about in lesson six when it comes down to picking the platform that feels best for you or that is the right fit for you. So, you don't have to niche down. There's two other ways and approaches you can implement. They just might not get you the rapid growth that you're envisioning for yourself. So, you'll just have to pick what your priority is. And then the second thing is if you do not want to niche down at all, you'll have to accept that Instagram is not going to be the place for you. It just isn't. So, if you're somebody that's like sitting here, I want to grow on Instagram, you have to niche down. That is how their algorithm was created. When you get to the Instagram course, you will see that that is how their algorithm was created for accounts to niche down. So, either you niche down anyway and pick Instagram as the platform you want to grow on or you don't niche down and you'll have to pick a different platform whether that's YouTube or TikTok. Again, I'll help you decide which platform's the best fit for you in the final lesson of this course, but I just wanted you to know that those are the two things you'll have to accept if you don't want to niche down. So, that's really why at the end of the day I recommend everybody just trying to niche down. Just try, see what happens because it works for every single platform. Do the work that's laid out in these next few lessons. Just humor me because this strategy just works. All right. So, you're somebody who can't pick your niche, huh? Maybe you're a multi-passionate person and you're just like, "Oh my gosh, I want to post about everything. I can't decide." And I have some good news. There is no right or wrong decision here when it comes to narrowing down your content, okay? It's okay to feel completely lost if you were trying to fill out that sheet and you were just like, "I have no idea." It's okay. What you don't want to do is stress about making the wrong choice when picking your niche and end up not picking anything. If you've made it this far, include this secret emoji in your comment below so that I know who stayed till the end and watch this video next because YouTube thinks you'll like it. Thank you so much for watching and I'll see you in the next one. Follow your joy. Bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @MillieAdrian [3 likes]: Thanks so much for watching! 🧡You can check out my course bundle THE BSP MODEL(™) here: https://itsmodernmillie.com/the-bsp-model
  2. @alimartell6864: 🎯
  3. @nspace7: Problem being I know I want to make covers -but also struggle with tinnitus and hearing loss and let's face it, that will be mocked regardless of where I work in the future, having me do something completely else (still appreciate the video though it's helpful across the board)
  4. @miyabrooklynn: 🎯
  5. @A.r.a-y2k: i am here only because i am messy and like a lot of things so picking a niche is harder for me
  6. @emisphoneticcorner: 🎯
  7. @emmalawyer9145: 🎯
  8. @stephaniewilliams3791: 🎯
  9. @barigell: 🎯
  10. @adonis.signedolivia: 🎯
  11. @ClipViralIQ: useful video
  12. @JosiePerrin-kx1ru: 🎯
  13. @jadeinspain: 🎯
  14. @colbyrachellane: 🎯
  15. @thecolmenaresfamily2139: 🎯
  16. @GaiaHosch: So useful as always! Thanks Millie!🎯
  17. @doranewberry8786: Thank you 😊
  18. @Loganhowe: 🎯
  19. @Monica-Shireland: 🎯 Thank you!
  20. @jaidaunplugged: 🎯

- 5 Steps To Picking a YouTube Niche That Will Make You Rich: Kind: captions Language: en When it comes to picking your YouTube niche, you would think that if you had 4 million subscribers, you'd be set for life, right? Well, not necessarily. This guy, Boogie2988, for instance, has 4 million subscribers. And he recently went on a podcast and revealed something shocking. >> I made about $44,000 in the last year, which gives us $3,724 a month on average. >> He only makes around $4 to $5,000 a month with 4 million subscribers. That's actually less than the average American. Meanwhile, I know some channels with less than 10,000 subscribers that are making over a million dollars a year. Same platform, wildly different results. And it all comes down to one thing, the niche that you pick. And in this video, I'm going to walk you through the exact five-step process of picking a niche that can actually make you money. Now, if you appreciate me making videos like this, let me know by gently tapping that like button. And let's jump into it right now. Quick note, while I'm going through these five steps, I am going to show you a bunch of different channels. Some of the channels don't have that many subscribers and they're making a lot of money. Some of them do have a lot of subscribers and they get millions of views and they're also making a lot of money. So, you can definitely make money either way with a small channel that doesn't get that many views or with a bigger channel that gets lots of views. I just like to use these small channels as an example to demonstrate what's possible when you pick the right niche. All right, let's continue. Step one is to understand what makes a niche profitable. Here's the golden rule. Good niches solve real problems for real people with real money. That's it. If your niche doesn't check all three boxes, you're going to struggle. Now, the first one is real people with real problems. And then the third one is real money. Some people get hung up on that third one. When I say real money, I don't mean you have to target rich people. But what I do mean is a firstworld English-speaking audience, generally speaking, is going to have a lot more money than many other countries in the world, and it is going to be significantly more difficult to make money with certain languages out there, just as an example. So, a friend of mine where I was helping him grow his channels a long time ago actually had an Arabic channel and an English channel, and he was teaching kind of the same thing on both channels. And I kind of warned him that the Arabic channel would be significantly more difficult to grow. Now, don't get me wrong, there are definitely people out there that speak Arabic that have a lot of money. But you really have to be careful and really dial in your targeting if you want to actually appeal to those people. And he wasn't. He was appealing to beginners. And he found it to be about 10 times more difficult to make money from his Arabic speaking channel than his English-speaking channel. And he eventually pretty much just abandoned it. But let's get back to the first two. First of all, what are you looking for? Number one, a valuable problem that people are actually trying to solve. Number two, an audience with money, aka employed adults, not kids. And number three, a clear way to monetize beyond just YouTube ads. Now, don't get me wrong, you can make money from just YouTube AdSense alone, but if you do that, you're kind of putting all of your eggs in one basket, and you're leaving a ton of money on the table. Just as an example, on my second channel, Shane Hummus Content Growth Engine, last month, I made about $37,000. Now, that channel got around $10,000 views. So, I made about $3,700 per 1,000 views on that channel. The average entertainment channel out there makes about $5 per 1,000 views if they're lucky. So, I can easily make a full-time income even though I'm only getting around 10,000 views because of the fact that I'm targeting the right people. I'm solving painful problems with them, and they actually have money to spend. Now, what should you avoid? oversaturated niches like gaming and generic fitness, entertainment only content, and generally speaking, audiences without money. If you are selling something very cheap, you can go the mass market route and target audiences without money. But that route is kind of like an endless hamster wheel of content creation because you always have to get millions of views to make a decent amount of money. And if for whatever reason your channel falls off and you're only getting hundreds of thousands of views instead of millions, it's going to be significantly harder for you to actually make money from it. But don't fear because if you are in a situation like that, right? If you're watching this right now and you have a channel like that, you can actually pivot to a more profitable audience. But here's the mindset shift. You don't need millions of subscribers. I do have over a million subscribers on my main channel, but you don't need millions of subscribers to make money. What you need is the right audience. A small audience with money beats a huge broke audience every single time. Okay. Step two, look inward. I have seen people waste over five years picking their niche. In fact, we got a comment on the last live I did that someone wasted over 20 years picking their niche. All right, quick break. This Tuesday at 9:00 p.m. Eastern time, I'm hosting a free live workshop called the YouTube Content Advantage for making money and getting leads and sales. And it's happening live on November 18th, 2025. So, make sure to mark that date down right now. And if you've been struggling to find your YouTube niche or you're worried about spending months or even years creating videos in a niche that doesn't actually make money, then this workshop is for you because for everyone who shows up live, I'll be giving away my niche validator 2.3. This is the latest and most optimized version of my AI powered niche validation tool. And it helps you instantly test and uncover profitable YouTube niches before you waste time creating content that doesn't bring in leads or sales. And it's smarter, faster, and it's trained on even more data from real profitable channels. And I'll be giving it away completely free. but only at this live workshop. And just a heads up, there's a good chance this could be one of the last few times I'm giving a version of my niche validator away for free. So, if you've been sitting on the fence, this is definitely the time to grab it. So, attend the free live workshop by clicking that link down in the description in the pin comment below to grab it and I'll see you there. Oh, and by the way, you'll also be able to ask me questions live. So, I look forward to meeting you. See you this Tuesday, 9:00 p.m. Eastern time. Now, back to your regularly scheduled programming. But anyways, the last time I did a free training, someone literally commented that they took 20 years to pick their niche. Now, the funny thing is the reason people take so long to pick their niche is because they think their niche is outside of them. Over 90% of the people I help, it turns out that their niche is already inside of them. It's already in your past. All you have to do is look at your past behavior because you are the niche. You are a living, breathing human. And you have to center your niche about what you've achieved or overcome. So use these three filters to find your niche. And by the end, you'll have three to five ideas. Write them down. Filter one, what have you overcome? Because the best content comes from real experience. What problems did you solve? What did you struggle with? What would people pay to solve faster or better or with less effort? Some examples, lost weight, fitness niche, switched careers, career niche, started a side hustle, make money niche, rescued a marriage where you were about to get divorced. You could help other people rescue their marriages as well. Was there a time in your life where you were an alcoholic and you overcame it? You can help other people overcome alcoholism. And by the way, all these niches that I just talked about are real niches from people that I've either met or worked directly with. But the point is, you are proof that it's possible. Filter number two, what do you already consume? Check your YouTube watch history. What do you binge watch and go back a long time? What are you naturally curious about? Because you're going to probably make 50 to 100 videos in that niche. So, you need to pick something that you won't hate in 6 months. And yes, you should probably pick something that you are somewhat passionate about. Now, I'm not giving you the generic advice of following your passion. However, with that being said, I also don't want you to pick something that you hate, right? Something that bores you to death. So, if you're intrigued enough about something to watch tons of different videos on it and basically binge watch content on it, then you'd probably be intrigued enough about that thing to also make content yourself. Filter number three, what are you naturally good at? What do people ask you for help with? What comes easy to you, but it's hard to others? And remember, write down five things at least for each one of these. Now, I recommend you literally pause the video and write these down if you haven't already. With that being said, I'm going to give you a couple frameworks for looking at this to help you out. One, if you had a time machine and you could go back in time and you had 15 minutes to tell the younger version of yourself something that would save you a massive amount of time, effort, and money, what would you tell them? Maybe there's several different things that you would tell them. Write all of them down. And guess what? Those things, there's a good chance that that's going to be your niche. Just as an example with myself, I did this exact same exercise and it was very apparent what I would have told myself. I would have gone back in time and I would have told myself to be very careful about which college degree I would get and which career path I would go down. And if you notice my earlier videos on this channel were all about that, right? They were all about picking the right college degree, avoiding the wrong college degrees, and then going down the right career path. So that is how I started off the Shane Hummus channel. A second framework to look at this and I stole this from Naval Rabicant. I think he's a very smart guy and I really enjoy his work. But he says the best way to pick a niche is to pick something where it feels like play to you but it seems like work to other people. Right? Let me repeat that. It feels like play to you but it seems like work to other people. If you can find something like that where it feels like play to you but it seems like work to other people, there's a very good chance that's a winning niche. So try to think of some things like that. By now, you have three to five niche ideas. So, make sure you keep them handy. And by the way, if you need more help picking your niche, that's one of the main things we help people with cuz this is something that gets people stuck for years, sometimes even decades. So, absolutely make sure to attend the live training this Tuesday, 9:00 p.m. Eastern Standard Time, because that is exactly what we're going to help you do. Make sure you pick your right niche. And also, you can ask me any questions that you have as well, and I will answer any question, even if I have to stay an extra hour or 2 hours, I'll answer every single question you have. All right, step three, see it in action. So, let me show you what works. The winners, small to medium-sized channels making big money. This is one of my clients, Felix and Friends. At 155,000 subscribers, he was making over $700,000 a month. And he basically makes stock market content and specifically he talks about options trading. And a lot of the people that follow his channel are older people that want to learn how to invest their money in an intelligent way. So, he solves expensive problems for people that actually have money. Here's another channel. I thought this story was quite interesting because he actually went on a podcast. This is Thomas Frank. Now, he has a channel with millions of subscribers and he was making pretty good money with the channel, but it wasn't really steady and stable. It would go up and down. And so, he started a second channel, which is Thomas Frank's Notion channel. He got it to over 200,000 subscribers at the time of him doing this podcast that I'm talking about. And very quickly, that channel got to hundreds of thousands of dollars per month. Why? Because his second channel was hyper specific. it was just notion tutorials and he sells digital products specifically notion templates. So he was targeting people who want to optimize their productivity specifically using notion templates. And so he was solving a specific problem for specific people that actually had money. Another extreme example, now this guy is not one of my clients, but basically he has a solar installation business. So he basically installs solar systems for big businesses. Now, each time he installs a solar system, he's making tens, maybe even hundreds of thousands of dollars. So, these are some big contracts. And he has a tiny channel with less than a thousand subscribers. And his videos get almost no views. And he barely ever posts videos in the first place. But he made over $500,000 from YouTube. This is an extreme example, obviously, but it just goes to demonstrate what I'm talking about. Step four, understand the money. So, there's two ways to make money on YouTube. Way one is the passive way, which is YouTube ads. And then maybe you have like affiliate links in the description or something like that. Way two is the non-passive way, which is pretty much every other way of making money. But one of the main ways is to sell your own stuff. And in many cases, you can make 10 times or even a hundred times more than what you'd be making if you were only doing ads. So just as an example, digital products, things you create once and sell repeatedly, you could sell them for $50. Online courses, you could sell anywhere from $200 to $2,000. Templates you could sell for $10 to $100, ebooks for $20 to $100, coaching for $500 to $5,000, and memberships for $20 to $200 per month. Now, how does it work? You make free YouTube videos solving small problems for people. Viewers know, like, and trust you, and then you offer a product that solves their problem completely or more quickly or with more support or with less hassle. And that way, they buy from you. The example here is Thomas Frank's Notion channel. There's free tutorials on how to make really good notions for different people in different situations that will help them with their productivity. But then he also sells templates for $50 to $200. And he's making more money with his tiny channel than he was with his 3 million subscriber channel. So for a niche to make you rich, you need three things. Your experience, aka did you overcome this problem? Your interest. Will you enjoy it long term? And money potential. Does the audience actually have money? And is the niche sustainable? Right? Because if you're doing something and you're not making money from it, it's a hobby. Don't get me wrong, hobbies can be great, but they're not sustainable. Cuz it is work to make videos. And if you're not making money from the work that you're doing, that's just not sustainable. And when all three of these things overlap, that is your gold mine. So, let's talk about generally speaking some of the best money niches. Personal finance, make money online, career advice, software tutorials, business, marketing, specific fitness, dating, self-improvement, specific hobbies, etc. Some of the niches you want to avoid unless you are okay with getting like tens of millions of views to make good money would be gaming, entertainment, vlogs, and basically anything with an under 18 audience. And generally speaking, you want to pick a niche that relates to wealth, health, or relationships. Those are the three big money niches because everyone in the world has probably a problem with one or more of those three things. Either their health, their wealth, or their relationships. And they want to watch content to help them solve those problems. What's happening guys? In the editing process of this video and I have an opportunity for a select group of people. So these are people who are serious about growing their personal brand on YouTube. So basically we figured out recently how to grow a personal brand and combine all the upsides of a personal brand with the upsides of automation, right? Using AI, using things like this to basically grow your personal brand 10 times faster, which in the past used to take decades to do. And now you can do it significantly faster. And you can do this to get a better job. You know, we work with beginners that just want to get a better job with their personal brand. You can do this to make money as a side hustle. We work with a lot of people like that. We can do this to make more money if you already have a side hustle or a small business. Or if you're already crushing it on YouTube, we can help you crush it 10 times more. We've worked with people like that as well. I mean, I literally can show clients at each level. People that we've gotten from zero to over 10K, zero to like over 30K, uh, from like 1K per month, all the way up to 185K per month, from around 30K per month all the way up to over 500K per month. So literally at every single level and it works for everyone in every situation. With that being said, we are only working with three to five people and they have to be people who are very serious, right? People who are dedicated to making this work. So if you think you're that type of person, go ahead and apply down in the description and the pin comment below and you can be part of our group of three five that we help. So see you there. Have a good one. Step five, evaluate your niches. So take those three to five ideas from step two and you can either just take action right away and start making content on those things. That's actually what I did on my main channel. Just as an example, I made content on career stuff, college degree stuff, grant writing because I wrote grants before, personal finance like saving money or investing money and several other topics. And then the one that took off was the college degree and the career stuff. So I just went with those. And one thing you must understand, this is the important thing that you absolutely must understand is that you are the niche. So yes, I am having you pick kind of specific niches, but you need to understand the overlying principle that you are the niche. I have pivoted niches so many different times. My channel has evolved while I evolve. And you are a breathing, growing, living human being that evolves and changes over time. And the beautiful thing about having a YouTube channel is your YouTube channel can evolve and change with you. So yes, you should pick a specific niche when you start out or several of them and then go with the one that is basically the best one for you. Usually going with the one that takes off, but know that later on down the line, you can pivot to other types of content, right? Once you grow an audience big enough, they'll start watching you for you instead of watching you for the specific type of content. Now, typically what will happen with someone when they pick a specific niche is usually it'll either be too specific or too broad. Now, it's more common for it to be too broad. This is the most common mistake that I see people make. With that being said, I have seen some people that pick niches that are too specific as well. So, you're always going to have to adjust a little bit and change things up a little bit here and there. And that's where you should really just attend my live training this Tuesday, 9:00 p.m. Eastern Standard Time, cuz I can definitely help you with that process. But with that being said, whether or not you have me to help you with the process, you'll likely need to tinker with the niche. You know, talk about different ideas within it. And then eventually you'll find that sweet spot where you're not too niche, but you're also not too broad. But here's the bottom line. You don't need millions of subscribers to get rich. You need three things. The right problem to solve, an audience with money, and a way to sell them solutions. Your experience plus a specific focus plus an audience that actually has money equals wealth. So remember the lessons. Specific beats general most of the time. Money audience beats big audience. Your experience is your advantage. And most importantly, action beats perfection. I promise you that if you just make a bunch of videos, your niche will find you. So, the last thing you should do is waste 5 years or 10 years or 20 years trying to pick your niche. Just start making videos and you'll basically figure out pretty quickly if it's a good fit for you or not. Now, speaking of niche, I know that 99% of you, maybe even 99.9% of you that watch this video are never going to work with me or my team one-on-one with our coaching. With that being said, there's 1% or 0.1% of you out there that would be interested in that because you want to work closely with someone and you want to achieve the result faster with less stress and have more certainty that you're doing the right thing. If that is you, go ahead and book a call down in the description in the pin comment below. It'll be the second link down there. On this call, we'll figure out where you are right now, where you want to be. We'll make a plan to get there, and we'll see if we're a good fit to work together or not. We are very limited with the amount of people that we work with when it comes to coaching. So only apply if you are very serious about growing and making money on YouTube quickly, right? So don't apply if you're thinking about doing it 6 months from now or anything like that. Only apply if you want to do it right away and if you're very serious about it. And also check out this story of one of the clients that we worked with and we helped them scale to tens of thousands of dollars a month by clicking right here.

  Top Comments:
  1. @SandsturmMag-u2j [43 likes]: 🤯 I realized most niches can work if traffic points somewhere smart. Viral wave mastery (by Victor Hale) made that click fast, built one digital product, automated free traffic, first month like 8k, now sitting 20k+ and I stopped obsessing over “rich niches”, hope this helps someone stuck choosing instead of earning
  2. @ShaneHummus [10 likes]: 🔴 ONE-TIME YOUTUBE LIVE TRAINING THIS WEEK: 👉 https://go.thecontentgrowthengine.com/livedes-11-14-2025
🚀 Apply For 1:1 YouTube Coaching: 👉 https://go.thecontentgrowthengine.com/yt-11-14-2025
  3. @hmm1054 [1 likes]: I would tell my younger mysel "Buy Bitcoin!"!!!
  4. @utopiadweller [1 likes]: Shane, this was great. I wonder what advice you have for people who don't want to turn their past "problem to solution" journey into a niche to help people who are a few steps behind them. For example, what if someone enjoys learning about something. Let us say, someone develops a deep interest in fixing weight-gain through dietary changes. They don't have direct experience helping anyone with this. But this problem speaks to them (not because they have fixed this problem for themselves). It just interests them. They can see themselves helping people drop the weight in this way. So, what should they do to build their online brand and business in this niche?
  5. @pat4005 [1 likes]: But HOW do we learn if a niche can even be monetized?
And what the best Category is to place the niche under?

 Some Categories may rank higher in RPM than others, and many niches may fit into more than one category.
  6. @Annaguzman363 [1 likes]: Thank you so very much. "Seems like play to you, but work to other people" and people ask you for help and you enjoy providing the help. 
This video continues to clarify my niche. This was so very helpful. Muchas gracias. 🙏🏽 Blessings🌺
  7. @ClipsViralNow [1 likes]: Small channels - let us unite as one! Keep going we can all make it that is 100%
  8. @SilentTorqueASMR2.0 [1 likes]: Your videos are pure no exaggerating just focused on the topic
  9. @CreatorsCheatcode: This helpful youtube tip
  10. @GracefulGrowthwithHazel: Thank you for all the helpful tips.I subscribed for the workshop🤗🤗
  11. @freddiejonesy6168: great video!
  12. @parsonsprojects2020: What about taking the few niches and keeping them together while you grow followers on your channel, then splitting it off to focus on that one niche? I have my favorite hobby and my profession put together into one channel. I am not sure if I should just break them up now, or continue until I figure things out?
  13. @ArhamAdil-u5h: Very intersting content
  14. @Keti-i7t: Very useful
  15. @mrcash_28: 😅 niche videos sent me straight into analysis paralysis, lists, notes, saved videos, and zero action, I kept thinking once I pick the perfect niche money will follow. It didn’t. I’m not usually commenting but what finally worked wasn’t the niche, it was the system behind it. I found Viral Wave Mastery by Victor Hale through a lowkey creator chat and first month surprised me around 9k with a pretty boring niche. Now I’m hovering 18k–26k months and niche picking doesn’t stress me anymore, leaving this here quietly
  16. @apolloranch: Isn't it "NICH"  NOT  "NEESH" ?
  17. @andrewfinn: Would you be able to set up a recorded training instead of just a specific time and then have it maybe set up where we could leave messages in a forum style setting? I’m not able to attend at the times that you have your live training, but I still would like to have a look at it.
  18. @TristansBackyard: This was very helpful!! Thanks
  19. @tamilynnthill1910: I think the workshop thats at 9pm eastern time is 6pm in pacific standard time. I think anyways.
  20. @meditations123: your videos are really educative, ive learnt alot from your videos

- The Most Profitable Niche Is You (Create Your Niche Of One): Kind: captions Language: en-US The first business course that I bought was a six figure agency course. That was six years ago. Before that, I didn't really see the value in courses and I see people talk about this quite a bit. It used to be very common where people just don't trust courses at all, and I was the same way. I didn't trust courses. I didn't trust the people selling them. I knew that all of the information could be found online, whether it be from YouTube videos or less expensive courses like on Udemy, but that never worked. I didn't see any results with it. And it's clear why. It's because the information is so scattered and even on social media platforms, I know this well, right? This is what I do is in order for me to grow, which is main priority, right? I don't want to be stuck at zero subscribers posting into the void, just hoping someone finds my hyper valuable content. You have People are playing the game of catching attention, delivering some form of value, whether it be just educational, actionable advice or entertainment, or a mix of both. But it's usually short, sweet and just focused on high performing topics. And the topics like most of the topics inside of the six figure agency course that I took, if you would have put those online in a separate video without people showing intent by actually purchasing a course, nobody would talk about it. It's just so fucking boring and nobody wants to actually sit down and listen to those things. And especially when there is not any money or pain on the line to actually implement the strategies that you are purchasing. It just doesn't make sense. There's a lot of psychology involved in purchasing a course, putting something on the line, actually forcing yourself to sit down with the boring strategies and implement them, right, rather than just looking for some form of entertainment online and hoping that you can find the perfect balance of entertainment and value so that you can just endlessly consume content while doing nothing about your life. And don't act like you're immune to this. Nobody is immune to this. I'm not immune to this right. I click on things mindlessly on my phone and then up watching for a minute before I realize, like, what the fuck am I doing? Why am I actually watching this? I could be doing something better. And so when I was fed up with my multiple business attempts and just trying to learn online and learn the fundamentals and buy books and other things, I was fed up. Frankly, I didn't want anything to do with the space anymore, but I wanted to give myself one last try. So I researched the best or the latest and greatest business models to get into something that could take me to six figures an income which at the time like it's a good thing to aim for six figures at the start, but you soon realize that that is just the beginning of all of this. So I found a dude that had a good reputation. His name's Billy Wilson. If you want to go research him. I haven't looked at him very much in the past, but Billy Wilson, I paid 999 or 997 for his six figure agency course, and it was a great course. I learned a lot from it, but it was a huge chunk out of my finances. I was like at my final straw where I had tried so many different business models. This one had to work or else I go back to coding or getting a web design job. The entire story is a kind of like jumble of multiple business failures and then eventually getting a job and then eventually making one work. But this course was like me getting dead serious about making all of this stuff work. And so with that, with that pressure on the line and me about to drop out of school and deciding whether or not I should actually do the homework and had a part time job at the time, everything just added up to the point where once I saw that first bit of resistance from actually like reaching out to people cold, emailing them, getting on a call, actually trying to make the business work, it all made sense. But there was just so much pressure in my life that it it all fell to pieces. I didn't get results and I ended up having to get a job because that was it made the most sense at the time. And so this course again was great. It taught me about the applicability of copywriting, sales, marketing funnels, paid ads, all of these things that I had been learning about, like compartmentalized through my YouTube research and on social media. This was all packaged up clean. Here's how it all works in the form of an agency business model. And so I went on to take this because now it makes sense for almost any business model. It's like, I need this piece, I need this piece, I need this piece. I need this piece. And if you want to understand those pieces, check out the one person business model playlist that I have and the $1 million skill stack where I go over like which skills you should learn in order to apply to almost every single business model. So there were three things that destroyed my chance at success here. And this is on top of the pressure in my life. The first was that I didn't give a flying fuck about running a Facebook ads agency. I didn't want to actually work on my business. Second thing is that cold emailing local businesses was time consuming, stressful, and none of them had the money to pay me. Now, of course, I could target richer people or people that had more money, but eventually I found a solution to this. After seeing some success with web design and called email. This is why I always recommend starting a personal brand. Now it's the future. If you're not already on the train, I don't know where you've been. I don't know what videos you've been watching, but personal brand have leads come to you and have an authority aaptiv profile. So when you actually do called the people, it is much better than a random email showing up in someone's inbox. Now, I'm not saying it's bad all around. It's a very good strategy. I'm just saying for most people it makes 1,000% sense to start delivering value via a personal brand. If you're afraid to write content for free, then you shouldn't even be thinking about working for a client, your first client, without much experience. It goes both ways. You have to start. You don't have to fake it till you make it, but you have to start posting and delivering value that you are learning and that you are going to help clients with anyways in exchange for a lot of money. It doesn't make sense why people don't start a personal brand. And the third thing was I was never confident in my niche and that led to an immense amount of friction and shiny object syndrome. So this whole Facebook ads agency, the journey along with it taught me a lot that a lot of things that I would use in my future business models. And it identified a problem that would repeat time and time again when I started these businesses or when I had something going well, I would always come back and question what is my niche right? Choosing a niche is the biggest problem ever in this creator economy. Everyone talks about it and I mean, I work directly with people in modern mastery and digital economics. It's just a recurring issue time and time again. So it's been on my mind time and time again to try and deliver a solution, right? Because that's what you do as a creator is you take problems and you think about them, you contemplate, you research, you write your own stuff, you pull from your direct experience and my experience growing. And long story short, this is what I've found. But before we dive in, there is a new style of cohort that I'm running. It starts on February 7th. I would recommend you check it out. Links in the description. In short, we're going to be creating your niche of one. And this is all as a personal brand, creating your niche of one, writing 20 plus foundational pieces of content. I'm going to be writing them with you on the screen and we are going to outline a growth strategy for your social media. In reality is just networking. But how to network properly build relationships, get new opportunities, whether it be a job opportunity, freelance clients, or just meeting great people that will help you grow. All of that is 150, right? This isn't an expensive cohort like I've ran in the past where it's 999 or even 2000. It's 150, right, for all of that good stuff. So check it out. Hope you enjoy it. I hope I see you in there. Let's make this whole one person business thing simple. One build for yourself to write to yourself. Three Sell to yourself. There are millions of people with the same interests, problems and desires as you, and you only need to find a fraction of them. The most profitable niche is you so that Facebook ad agency that we talked about earlier wasn't my first business business attempt and it wasn't my last. So somewhere along this journey of mine, I stumbled or I started logging on to Twitter more and some guy, Jose Rosado, came across my page with like a self-improvement tweet, like a Half Truth. And I'm like, Oh, Twitter isn't all memes and bullshit. I can actually find people giving out value on Twitter. And surprisingly, after I followed him and more people showed up on my feed and I was exposed to this money. Twitter people were giving out incredible advice that I was just like taking left and right. And eventually it just made sense to start a personal brand on Twitter. And so that's what I started doing. But one thing made me stand out amongst all the others. That is, I didn't have a static niche. So before this, we're all over the place here. But before this I was doing web design and funnels for sort of service businesses and then I pivoted that offer as marketing consulting for creators, because that's who I wanted to work with at the time, right? Where the people that I was following, the people that I looked up to, it only made sense that I try and work with the people that inspire me, right? So reposition my offer to marketing consulting, which is pretty much the same thing where I'm helping them with web design funnels, copywriting, all of the things that go into that for a service business. But I offered consulting rather than freelancing simply because I'm a creator and I knew they were a creator. And since they're a one person business, I understand that they want to do it on their own. Right. That offer would be more profitable than me doing it for them because I would just be teaching them. But I didn't only talk about my marketing consulting or marketing or funnels or web design. I talked about whatever I wanted to in a way that was interesting to other people. In other words, I had to introduce them to the importance of the topic. I wanted to talk about in order for them to understand. If I wanted to talk about emotional management, I would. fitness and nutrition, I would if I wanted to post an aspirational piece of content, I would. 80% of my content did not revolve around the thing that I was selling, and it didn't matter. Why would it? If I can be interested in both fitness and business, so can other people. Other people can have the exact same interests as me. And even if they don't have those interests, then I write a tweet where we're going to go about that over this and two videos from now where I write content with you in the video. Self-awareness as a whole is like the biggest business hack, right? Because you have to think about how you would actually view content. Like, do you only follow business people? Do you only follow fitness people? It just doesn't make sense when you actually think about your own actions. If something shows up on my feed about fitness, I feel like anyone can become interested in fitness if it is the right tweet, right? That's the entire challenge is how do I introduce you to the importance of a topic like fitness? So I could say ten reasons you need to get into the gym. That applies to anyone. And if the reasons are good, then it's shareable. People are going to follow you. And then if you want to talk about business and you go, here's ten reasons to start a one person business. And it's the same thing, right? You have to start broad and beginner level and then that's top of funnel funnel, social media, that's how you grow. And then once you get them into your newsletter or into your lead magnet or some other kind of funnel that educates them in alignment with the service that you have to offer. That's where the sales come from, right? Because you aren't and shouldn't be promoting in all of your content. It just doesn't make sense to do that. And if you can create a system that bakes in promotions, then you have much more free space in your mind to talk about whatever you want, right? So if I want to sell a product or service, here's exactly what I would do. First, talk about whatever I want in an interesting way that leads to growth, to craft a three week long strategy based on the topics and the product or service. This builds authority and it's what I'm doing right now with solopreneur sprints, right? Pay attention. Did I talk about business in the last letter or did I talk about whatever I wanted? The third is start beginner level for the sake of customer awareness and increase to advanced as it gets closer to launch. Right? Long, medium and short form content from the top down. The promotions rate themselves. And then the fifth systemize what worked and incorporate promotions throughout the week to keep sales high like biweekly threads on a topic around you offer. So if I offer web design and let's say I talk about whatever I want fitness, business, self-improvement, philosophy, anything throughout the week, every single Tuesday and Thursday, I write a web design and business specific thread, right? And at the bottom of that thread, I have a promotion of my offer. I can that's a system that I can milk endlessly and if those threads are good and they tackle common problem, they give value. Like you understand persuasion. That's how you make sales. All right, so let's create your niche of one or the niche of you. Here's a graphic. You are the niche. Let's look at this because this is important. On the left, we have the start of a story and the highs, highs and lows associated with it. So people have the desire to change and that is around where your customer is right now. And then when you have the desire to change, you had to learn, educate yourself, acquire skills and actually take action to gain experience that you can teach other people. And that entire journey represents your unique path in life, that that's what content ideas are. And then upwards where it says, You are here, you see how you're just a bit ahead of your potential customer or a follower, and then you are working towards your ideal future. And now your ideal future is not marketing, web design or some hyper specific niche, right? It is very big broad. I'm sure it resembles the good life and that is unique to every single individual and how you are going to achieve that. Good life is unique to you. Are you going to study spirituality? Maybe you like philosophy more. What part of philosophy do you like? Stoicism? What are the other things? What kind of business model are you going to talk about? Is it going to be a creator business? Is it going to be a freelance agency? E-commerce? What's it going to fucking be next? Health. Everyone needs health, health, wealth, relationships. So are you going to talk about health every now and then? Because in your future, your ideal future, you want to have high energy so that you can put effort into your business. So what are you doing health related to do that and how can you incorporate that in your content to make you stand out from other people because you already have the systemized promotions in place to sell your offer and monetize. So from a spiritual or philosophical lens, your brand is your self right? It is a concept and that brand can be an outcome of a repetitive business ideology that has been conditioned into your head. So if you've only been studying, freelancing and haven't dug into like Facebook ads agency, for example, and broaden your perspective to collect that, collect aspects of that perspective and bring it into your worldview, then you're going to it's going to end in a lot of pain and suffering because you're going to think your business models the best, just like religions do, or even sports teams do. And you need to take a step back, zoom out and create your brand as something unique, as something that is you without attaching to any specific ideology and instead creating a holistic philosophy for your own brand. So let's walk through how to recreate yourself as a brand. First is map your ideal future? How is your story going to end? Will it result in peace, health and fulfilling work? Or do you have no idea how it's going to end up? Your story is what separates your personal brand apart, because every single person story is niche, individual and unique. And if you don't have a vision for the future one watch The Society is a pyramid scheme video. I believe so. But if you don't have a vision for your future, how are you going to educate and execute in a conducive manner towards that vision? How are you going to take directional action in order to gain experience in life and pass that experience down? Second is intelligent imitation. When you take stuff from one writer, it's plagiarism. But when you take from many writers, it's called research. That is a well-known quote from Wilson Mizner. But it's the whole style, like an artist thing. So my voice or tone or message is a combination of the voice, tone or message that I like from other people, right? I read books and I figure out I like how this guy said this one thing. I'm going to take that or at least take note of it and then practice it later or, hmm, I like how this guy talks about flow. I want to talk about that too. Or like on the flip side too, we've talked about anti vision and vision before and having like a good and bad thing to observe and allow you to choose or make the right decision accordingly. But if I see something that I don't like where it's like I don't like how this guy is writing, it sounds too like airy fairy, I get that from the power of now. I love that book, but I want to be able to distill those concepts to the people that don't really resonate with the way that he's saying it right. I need to come at it a different way in order to attract a new audience to that very life changing message. And so the same it's the same with everything. It's not only my voice, but my brand. What colors do I like? What are like minor button details on my website, like the rounded edges? It's everything. That's what creativity is. It's either taking one thing like an idea and then deconstructing it into parts and then reconstructing it like mental Legos, or it's taking those parts from other people and then reconstructing them into your own. So this works for anything. But here's what you're going to do. Write down the books that impacted you the most. Write down the creators, authors or public figures whose style you love the most. Immerse yourself in their work to condition your mind, to think in that style. Write down their tone, voice and what makes them great. Research their products, landing pages and every detail about how they make an income. create a tribe of mentors and exclusively consume their content. You won't have to copy them directly if you're so immersed in their work that your subconscious birth original ideas for you from those things. Right? You'll notice that you naturally start to talk in that way. So the third thing is book to brand content. The path of the problem solver or value creator is how you escape the world of replace ability. Fall in love with the challenge that problems present from superficial to metaphysical and your ideal future will create itself. This is the infinite game, so every story has an ideal outcome or a goal. And then on the path to that goal goal there are a series of highs, lows, emotions, battles, mistakes and solutions to the problems that you find along the way to be systemized. So here's how you turn your brand or yourself into a niche that houses your content, products or services. Treat your ideal future as the end goal of the story. Make note of your past. There are a select few pivotal moments that can be your starting point of the book. Write down an outline of the book. What are the chapters that must be included to reach the end goal? Outline Key points for each of those chapters. Seriously, do this. This is book to brand. You take a book, you map the ideal outcome of your future. That's the angle Point A is where you are now or one of those pivotal points in your life that made you want to change. And then in between those are chapters and subtitle writers and those act as your content ideas, right? And then you fill them in by writing newsletters, condense those into threads, condense the threads into posts like tweets, Instagram reels, tiktoks, whatever it may be. And then over time, let's say you want to write a book like I am. This is exactly what I'm doing for my content, and this won't be immediate. You're not just going to write out the chapters all at once. You're going to write down two or three, but then you have some form of an outline and then you have something that will allow new ideas and experiences to register in your awareness, and you'll be able to connect it to that outline and come back and start filling it in. As you experience life, read books, read content from your tribal mentors that you created, etc., etc. So number four is to write your story. So your story is what makes you unique and relatable. And if you've been paying attention, you can see at the very start of this video, I started with a personal experience around a topic that I wanted to talk about in order to frame the situation. My six figure ads agency course that I bought. I'm sure that was quite relatable with a lot of you because the story and the relatable aspects of a story give people hope and makes them aware of the possibility that it is possible to overcome the low point in life that they're in or to take advantage and double down on the high point. So we just talked about this, but for the sake of repetition, because it's important, write the sections of each chapter as an article or newsletter, repurpose that writing into a podcast or YouTube video condense the main points into a thread carousel or LinkedIn post. Rewrite those main points as engaging tweets, turn those tweets into real scripts and posts for other platforms. This process gives you a multidimensional understanding of the topic that you are writing about, right? Because a tweet is a big idea. It's not super actionable. It can be, but an article you're fleshing out so much more, you're connecting different ideas. And as you do this, this will change your life over six months, right? I have so many fucking reasons to tell you guys to start a personal brand. And that's all my videos are like, Hey, here's all the reasons. Start one already. Because I genuinely, genuinely don't think that a creator is a business model. It's a life philosophy, right? Just applied to the internet. And another thing is that if you remember the best ways to learn from my video, learn new skills, fast teaching is one of them, right? Everyone's afraid to teach when teaching is how you learn. You don't have to lie. You just be honest. Like, Hey, I learned this today. How interesting is this? Or if you do something like, Why should you start a one person business? Just give off your honest experience in a bullet point list. It's like no one's stopping you but yourself from writing and producing some form of value in the world. So number five is when in doubt, zoom out two steps to happiness. Zoom in on what's important. Zoom out from everything else. The solution to struggle is perspect. If this journey is difficult, you will struggle to articulate your niche because nobody wants to put themselves in a box. And so for now, I'm just putting it on your radar that you can completely you can completely forget the traditional niche down advice of choosing like the most profitable market with someone that you don't want to work with in any capacity using a skill that you don't want to use in any capacity, you can create your own niche. And if this is a problem, like if you can't fully understand this yet, that's a good thing. So what I would recommend you do because the reason it's not making sense to you and you lack understanding is because you let's say there's a dot here and there's a dot here and you're missing the dot here that allows those to connect and give you that aha moment in your mind, Right? So you lack experience. So what you need to do is start anyway. Immerse yourself in information that has the potential to solve that problem. Read books, buy courses, buy listen the podcast. Just immerse yourself in the information. Drown yourself in the information to the point where when you fuck off and do nothing or you zoom out or are you going to walk, then ideas won't stop coming to your brain and things will start to make sense because your subconscious mind is working to solve that problem. So that is it For this video. The most profitable niche is you. So if you enjoy the video, make sure you like leave a comment with your favorite part or any insights that this gave you. Be sure to subscribe as well. And then again, just a reminder Solopreneur sprints a new affordable $150 cohort to build the base of your one person business. In 14 days we go over, we write 20 We create your niche of one, and we give a growth strategy and how to repurpose content and everything you need. Check out the landing page. It's only open for enrollment until February 7th. After that, you would have to join digital economics. The master's tier gives you access to all solopreneur sprints that are ever going to happen, ever. So check those out. Links in the description starts February 7th, February 7th. So we've got some time, but not much. Hope to see you in there. Hope you enjoyed the video once again. Have an incredible rest of your day piece.

  Top Comments:
  1. @SmartTrader055 [7 likes]: Who is watching in Oct 2025 😅
  2. @maincharcta [1 likes]: Life is not about finding yourself, it’s about building yourself. So writing it out like a book makes sense
  3. @MisterPhilomath [1 likes]: 1. The Course Paradox
You explain courses work because of financial commitment and pressure, then admit your $997 course failed because of that exact pressure—yet you're selling a $150 course as the solution.
2. "You Are The Niche" Ignores Market Reality
Claiming millions share your exact interest combination is mathematically impossible; profitable niches require demand-supply alignment, not just authentic self-expression.
3. Your Success Story Contradicts Your Advice
You succeeded by narrowing to "marketing consulting for creators," not by posting 80% unrelated content—your actual path undermines the strategy you're teaching.

4. Beginner vs. Intermediate Strategy Mismatch
You learned copywriting, sales, and funnels through years of failure, but position this as a 14-day beginner framework—it's actually an intermediate creator strategy requiring pre-existing monetizable skills.
  4. @HonestAndReliableCleaners-r5x [1 likes]: The best learning skill taught in the video is that teaching is how you learn [22:17].
U mention people are afraid to teach because they don't feel like an expert, but then u clarify that we don't have to lie—and that you only need to be honest about what you've learned. The act of teaching (or writing content) forces us to solidify our understanding of a topic, which is the most effective way to learn.
The concept of creating a "Niche of One" has completely reframed my thinking now I know this meaning I was stuck trying to find a market gap, but realizing my ideal future is the end goal of the 'Book to Brand' outline is the real hack. It turns the entire creative process into an Infinite Game [18:50]. Plus, the line that teaching is how you learn [22:17] is a fantastic permission slip to start creating now, not later.
  5. @Souvenirlolo26: Nice Video Dan.
  6. @nahdinsabla: Hi Dan, I can seem to find the link for the special cohort in the description, could you please send it?
  7. @Jader.paternina: I really want to thank you for all the knowledge shared thank you, thank you, thank you 🙏🏻
  8. @GuilleSchnell: Thakns for this video, i want to be a content creator and the problem of choosing a niche is too hard, this video helps me alot
  9. @alveindamar4286: Big Thanks 😍
  10. @grantbaumetz7514: Immerse yourself in information around the problem you are seeking to solve. Podcasts, books, etc. 
So when you are not doing anything, walking, your brain won't stop thinking about that problem. 
That's when you begin to understand the concept better, and that's when you can begin to share.
  11. @QawiBusinessSimplified: yeah thats really importaint
  12. @VirenderJhinjer: Great video, nice information. But it would be great if you presented the steps of creating a niche of yourself with a real example, assuming a person.
  13. @LuxuryLegends-c4b: ❤❤
  14. @antoinettecollins8079: 7:56  👏🏾👏🏾👏🏾✅ 11:33 💯👏🏾 14:40 👏🏾💯✔️ 16:25 🙌🏾🔐👏🏾 18:47 24:06
  15. @SuperPrem: Resonated with so much of what you’re saying. You articulated things I’ve felt but couldn’t find the words for.  Great video.
  16. @MINDQUESTIQ-m2r: Best ❤
  17. @quentinaverous: Dan, would you recommanend anyone in the world to deliver value in English to reach as many people as possible, while risking to compete a lot and see content get sucked up. Or focused on their native language, targeting less people but potentially leveraging a tremendous « blue ocean » effect due to the lack of comparable content in the said language?
  18. @flippinwordsmith: This reminds me of something...https://youtu.be/iHuuY3kicRU
  19. @shajeshkumar3609: I loved they way you express
  20. @Gohil_Harpalsinh: Hi, I want to earn money online if anyone is helping me please comment back

- How to Use AI to Find a $1M Idea [Reddit, Claude]: Kind: captions Language: en The human brain is not wired to come up with a good business idea. Ego, bias, and overthinking, it often gets in the way. So, what if you could outsource the whole process to AI? AI. Well, the models just haven't really been powerful enough for this, but it's about to change. And that's exactly what we're going to show you today because I brought in one of the smartest people in the space, Steph France. Today, we're going to walk through something called the gold mining framework. Six tools, five prompts, 45 minutes. We'll go from nothing to a potential million-dollar business idea and a complete landing page to go with it without writing a single line of code or copy. What's even cooler is you can follow along step by step and at the end of this video, you can have one, too. Watching this video will potentially change the way you think about ideas forever. So, let's go. I'm Pat Walls, and this is the Starter Story Playbook. Welcome Steph, welcome to the channel. I'm glad to have you on. So you're going to show off today your new framework that you haven't unveiled yet which is the gold mining framework. Could you walk us through that? Hi Pat. So I'm I'm really glad to be here at first. I'm Steph France. I qualify myself as a curious marketer and uh I'm I love the game of marketing and and looking forward to present this framework. So this is a landing page for a co-arenting app. The landing page was created only with this framework A to Z. And if you have some knowledge in marketing, you can see that this is a really good marketing copy. And this landing page was created in an hour. And before starting the process, I had absolutely no idea about any problem in this niche. And the cool thing is that it takes all the pain points, all the wording from the people in this industry and put them in the landing page. So it's it's literally telling the customer their pain point in their own language and on boarding. Okay. All right. Let's dive in. Steph, can we go over what is the first step of the framework? So the first step is to find a market to explore. The idea is to start with what you have some edge or what you are interested in within the three core markets which are health, wealth and relationship which are markets which for sure people are okay to spend money. So you are already reducing the risk. So let's take an example and we would only open the health market. Within this market, we have a lot a lot of categories and subcategories and niches and subniches and sub subniches. We can go very very deep in this market. But for now, let's say for example, you are you are really into stress management, but you think like okay, that's not enough. I want more stress management. Fine. In this case, we are going to use a prompt. It's the market idea expander. And the goal is that if you put a subniches, any subniche or subcategory, it will continue expand in the category you want to dig into. And this is a little trick. Markdown is a language that needs to be used as much as possible when we talk with LLM. So instead of just copy and past, it works as well, but it's really better if we copy as markdown. So we keep the structure of the prompt. The LLM we work with doesn't matter. You can pick the one you like. I tend to prefer working with clo for different reasons. The first is that I think it's the most human like LLM. Yeah. So the copyrightiting is good and it's there is more emotion in the copyrightiting. I always tend to go with cloud whenever I can and when I need something specific for example the 1 million token uh context window in the same conversation then I would go with Germany for example. But for the sake of this example, we won't go too far into the the size. So we will work with cloth. All right. So I simply copy the code and I just did CtrlV and then I have the prompt that is copied here. And that's fine if it looks like that. It's just that clothes reads the markdown this row. Now it says okay I'm I'm ready to help you. Just tell me which market do you want to go into. So we said to stress management and now we have at at first we have health and this is stress management and then now below stress management we have physical stress relief, massage therapy, breathing techniques, mental stress management and then within those we have meditation, guided meditation, mindfulness meditation. All those potential markets can be the market that you are going to explore. And now the decision is for you to first it's with what you like then it's what you have an edge on which means do you have knowledge do you have network do you have anything that can be uh at your advantage to go in this market or if you don't have any then just pick one that sounds good. Okay, so we talked about how to finding a market. Now, how do we validate that there's demand for this market or what do we do next? When we first pick a market, we we don't know if it's a good market to go in. And that's what the step two is all about. We use Google as well as a Chrome extension which is keyword everywhere to quickly find the volume of search and all related keywords that can orientate us until we find something that is interesting to go further to to dig deeper and then we look at the list that we have. For example, let's say Swedish massage. It's still a big one. And then I could find potentially another subniche by looking into the different program. What do we have? Best massage technique, massage therapy description, Swedish massage history. Okay, if I go down, I have Swedish massage near me. Okay, 20 20,000 search. This is a very interesting query. And then we use Google Trends which is one of the best tools to use when it comes to market research to know if we have a trending market or at least a stable market. And now we have switch message and we want to understand the difference between search term and topic. Topic will basically take all the related search term on Google and also in all different languages. So when you have a topic it's already like it's a big thing. Sometimes you only have search term but when you have topic you just use the topic and for this sake uh we can see that is the trending market actually it's not too bad there is some kind of uh going down and we can see that probably here in COVID where it was not crazy it's a well trend because usually when a trend has so much research you won't see those very big pike here you have them so I wouldn't say it's a solid trend because we can see it's up and down but it's a good trend. So we know for Swedish message it's a good one but it could be better. Now let's look at other ones. For example, if I go back to my tree core markets and I go to relationship here in family relationship we have parenting. Within parenting we obviously have a lot of things way more than that. But one that I have explored previously and that I found there is a lot of demand is co-arenting. And if I start digging into co-arenting, let's see what we have. So here we have 40,000 search. And if we dig into it a little bit more, we can see co-arenting app. That's interesting. Which means people are already aware that there are apps out there maybe or they're looking for it. Okay. Carenting concealing. So that means I have a problem. I'm looking for a solution. Co-parenting classes. Okay, I I need someone to help me. Those are very good signs. And now if I do the same and I use Google trend and here I have a topic again which is cool. This is a good solid trend. So there there are le less fluctuation and it's a growing trend. So here we are not talking about all the AI huge trend that goes up and down and the tool comes up and it dies 3 months after. Here we are talking about human needs. Yeah. Society changes that creates needs that are growing and growing and growing and those markets are big. So creating a business in the co-arenting niche it's totally viable. Doesn't mean that as long as soon as you are in the caparinting niche, you succeed. But at least it's definitely possible to find a problem and solve it in the coparing niche. Okay, so we validated the demand. Now what do we do next? We are now at the third step of the framework. We want to gather data. Now we need to find where are the people talking about their frustrations, their pain about co-arenting specifically and the best mind we actually have is Reddit. Why? Because Reddit is literally the place on the internet where the world is talking and the world is sharing their program because there is this anonymous kind of mindset and long conversation on Reddit that makes it a real gold mine when it comes to find customer pain points. So in the step three, we go on Google to find Reddit threads. But we will use a special special query with advanced search on Google to surface the Reddit threads where people are talking about their problem expressing their pain. So we go straight to the point straight where the important part is for us together. So I think I feel I was I have been uh I experienced all the the the words that that would filter someone that is experiencing or explaining or asking about a specific problem. It's not 100% right but it filters a lot of answer compared to what we could have only with the Reddit search. So I simply copy this one which you also have here within the document is the Google query. So you have market to explore. You just put your market here. Copy that and go on Google. And now this is the moment where we need to be careful and do the thing I mentioned earlier which is carefully say read and choose the right thread. In this case, we're not spending going to spend an hour reading, but I I would tend to always go into it and make sure that all the subreddit that I chose are relevant. For example, this one, we have 60 uh comments and it it was 5 months ago. This is co-parenting and this is from the subreddit co-arenting. So, we are right into what we are looking for here. How did you make your piece with co-arenting? Definitely about promps just when you think you have this whole co-arenting thing. Okay, 40 comments one months ago. I guess this one is probably interesting. Share the positive experience with co-arenting. Why not? If you don't have better, why not? Co-arenting. I was wrong. Okay. Here we have blended family for the subreddit struggling with current partners perspective on okay we are going to keep it short but you can go on and on. Now the next step is going to be extremely simple. We are going to copy and paste. So we simply open text block. I copy the the complete thread enter three dash just to say to the AI okay I'm having another thread putting that on side. Okay, next one. Let's go down right away and move up. Going back to my text block here. Past thread dash next thread. Sometimes it can be a lot of data. In this case, we just work with a few. But if you have like 20 re Reddit thread, good. All right. So now we got all of our data. We got all of our Reddit threads. What's next? All right. So the step four now we process the data. And for that we have three major prompts that we are going to use one after the other. The first one will extract all the pain points and refine them. So we have different categories and we have quotes from the people attached to the specific painoint. All right. So we just come to the Google doc copy as markdown and we go back to cloud new chat brand new chat and we simply copy here on cloud. You can just copy like that. Now I'm just grabbing my data and I'm passing here. same. So we have first the title, the designation of the painoint and then we have a small description. So parents feel pressure to maintain unrealistic friendly relationship with ex partners for the sh sake of their children often at the expense of their own boundaries or current relationship. And the cool thing is we have here quotes from the conversation that are related to this painoint here. For example, it's hard to cooperent with your abuser, which is a very good one. I find this type of post on death like I feel to share your coopering success, but don't make statement like try your absolute hardest to do this for the kids. We can see that those are deep conversation and they are all related to this specific pain point. And if we go down, we have navigating new relationship while co-arenting. So that's another set of problem. Then dealing with high conflict and neglectful exartners. probably another one emotional labor imbalance in blended families I don't know exactly okay parents feel their shoulder are unequal burden of emotional and practical labor labor in blended families especially when caring for stepchildren without reciprocal care of their biological children that's a more complic complex one but this is the kind of thing that you can only come up with when when you go deep into this kind of conversation So let's uh move on to the next one the market gap generator which will take all those pain points and a framework which includes new parading new technology differentiation basically how to find good business ideas in a saturated market which like every market is saturated. This is why it's trained on this framework. Now we copy everything. Ctrl+ A copy as markdown. Come back here and then paste and let it run. Now it's going to work from the framework before and come up with different business ideas. Here we have the different market segmentation framework is the the approach of finding business ideas and those three business ideas are within this framework. Okay. Solution one coarent ally conflict focus coarenting platform description a specialist platform platform designed specifically for high conflict coopering situation with built-in documentation tools communication filters I think this one is really interesting and third party imagation features that's a very interesting one now we have product differentiation framework so uh child- centered custod transition tool okay a specialized application focused solely on making children transition between household less traumatic with pre-transition preparation tool, emotional check-in and structural handoff protocols. Sounds pretty good. And then the last part is when we pick a business idea, which means it's just a simple choice. This is the one I'm interested in. We have the landing page prompt creator which will take all the learnings we have the business idea we want to create and we'll transform it in uh prompts that we are going in lovable to create our landing page. The last one is a little bit confusing because we have a prompt to create a prompt to finally create our landing page but it's only copy and past. Let's pick the one that uh talks to you the most and we simply highlight it and copy it. And now we are going to just tell Claude this is the one I want to go for. All right. And now we are going to pass the next prompt which is the landing page prompt creator. What is this prompt? Just before we go into it I I'm going to simply let it run and then I will explain. Now I just pass the prompt and run. So this prompt is basically as it's made from a research specifically on lovable the tool that allows to create apps very fast. this specific tool. The research went out there on the internet. Basically, CHPT went out there on the internet and looked for all the best practices to create tool to create prompts for loable as well as all the documentation about Loable. gathered everything and then from that I created a prompt that is made to take all the data that we have here in the in the context and create a new prompt specifically for lovable using all the best practices to prompt for loable. Okay, so we've processed all the data and we've come up with our master prompt. What's next? So now we have our prompt that normally if everything works we just put that into loable and we have our landing page. We're not going to read that one because it's it's made by AI for AI. So it's pretty boring but we are simply going to copy it and we go into lowable and then we start running. Whoa, look at that. Let's publish. All right. Transform custody transitions from tearful breakdowns to peaceful goodbyes for separated parents whose children struggle with household transition. Transition garden provides structured tools to reduce anxiety and create predictable child centered handhov without requiring perfect co-arenting relationship. Wow. Okay. We have the features child-friendly condom tool. Oh, nice. uh structure handoff protocol that minimize parent conflict during exchanges. Emotional check-in system designed by child psychologist. You have to execute on that, but it's a good feature. Documentation that helps identify and address transition patterns. Yeah. And we have even uh a nice FAQ. Do Bosar need to use transition garden for it to work? Uh what age? And we have a form. Wow. That's it. We have it. Yeah, we have it. That's amazing. I mean, there you guys have it. That is the gold mining framework. I really wanted to just get it from idea to landing page and see if we could do it. And we did. And I don't think there's any video or any lesson like this on YouTube currently. And it just blows my mind, you know, these AI tools and how this is going to change how, you know, how you can find ideas. But what would be the next steps for someone? Let's say they went through this whole process in turning this into a real idea. You mentioned maybe talking to some customers or something like that. So if I may push one of my YouTube videos, but uh I have a YouTube video that is actually exactly for that. What we just seen takes one big part of the whole process. But this video from 0 to one explains how you can think of using a quiz to create a waiting list asking the right question. Because even though you have the perfect landing page with the perfect copy for very specific program in a trendy market going from there to having the business having an app running is still a lot of work and and yeah cursor can do it fast but no it's still a lot of work and before you go into that you can if you are familiar with those tools then just build it and and try try it and and post everywhere and then if you have users it's fine you can go build first and and then see but if you are not Sure. And if it's a lot of time investment and if your time is reduced then I would always go by validating again. And for that I love to use quizzes. So you simply tell to people you show the page and then on the page there is a popup that says thank you for being for being here. The app is in development right now. We are a small team and we would love to have your take on uh on your current program. Would you mind answering a few questions? You ask a few questions and you say, "Do you want us to let you know when the app is out there?" And most people would say yes. And then you have a list. You can post everywhere about that and you grow your list. And and you you decide for yourself. You okay, when I have a 100 people on my waiting list, I'm building the app as fast as as I can. You build it. You launch it to the list via email the the way you prefer and and it starts. Perfect. Okay. All right. If you guys want to get access to this right now and you want to use this yourself, just click the first link in the description. We put it all in there and it's totally free. And thank you guys for watching. I hope you enjoyed this. Leave a comment if you'd like to have Steph come back on and share more business idea frameworks or even potentially some marketing and growth frameworks as well. So, thanks for coming on, Steph. That was awesome. I think this is going to change the world. All right, I hope you guys enjoyed this video. I really think that this is just an amazing space to be right now building in AI and building with AI tools. And look, these AI coding tools are powerful, but they're not magic yet. It's still really early days. I know that this space can feel really overwhelming and it's moving really fast. So, it's important to have the right system and right framework to follow. So, shameless plug here, but we've been working on something for a while. If you watch this, you found an idea and you want to take action on that idea, well, I'm excited to announce Starter Story Build, which is our platform for learning AI tools and learning how to leverage AI tools to turn them into real ideas and real apps. Our flagship program is the AI app accelerator. This is way more than just a course or a video on how to build stuff. You get to walk away with a realworld app built completely with AI plus skills that might just change your life. Not only will you learn how to use these tools and build stuff you never thought possible, but this program will give you structure, accountability, and push you to actually take action, get it done, and ship. What's even cooler is we have office hours with AI coding experts to help you when you eventually get stuck, cuz everyone gets stuck. And there's a whole other cohort of people building alongside of you and building apps. So, if you're curious about actually building something and you want to surround yourself with other builders doing the same thing, then head to the first link in the description to see if the AI app accelerator might be worth it for you. All right, guys. Thanks for watching. I'll see you in the next one. Peace.

  Top Comments:
  1. @chef.aidan.whipsitup [2 likes]: While this process did find a real problem, some problems are best solved by service businesses like counseling. This app idea is horrible.
  2. @radheysaykar1573 [1 likes]: What music did you used in this video?
  3. @FlockofSmeagles [1 likes]: I'd like all of you to consider that everyone and their mother is doing this already. This ain't it. Create your tools to aid you in doing something deeply useful. That's the way forward.
  4. @pchasco: This is better than just trying random ideas, but I wonder if this “gold mining framework” has actually found any gold?
  5. @TheUnfairEdgeAI: The SOP builder is the one most people sleep on. The real leverage isn't just automating the task — it's capturing your thinking so you can delegate or scale without losing quality. That shift from 'doing' to 'systematizing' is where the one-person business actually becomes sustainable.
  6. @hynjus001: Super depressing topics.
  7. @Eddie-gb3bn: The only money being made is the by the poster of this video.
  8. @momozay8035: this is so cool! 🧠:face-red-heart-shape:
  9. @FinanceGeek111: Steph is giving some solid stuff here
  10. @ayoubMazouz: Bro is definitely french
  11. @ehm-wg8pd: Right problem and idea to work on is the most valuable in business
  12. @divieee: For the reddit part, you can just add .json at the end of the url to get a whole json file that you can easily copy. It contains all the metadata like reply hierarchy, upvotes etc. too and the LLM wil immediately understand better
  13. @positivenathanbaxter7868: “Felvicploor”
  14. @kamoliddinyofas8734: Хорошая лопата - дорога' к обеду...😅
  15. @mensb1936: why does your face look like you are constantly in pain while talking
  16. @Jack-o8p3s: Please stop. I’ll just tell you a few if you ask
  17. @RobJurkevics: Copy as markdown is disabled, you are allowed to copy only
  18. @lvlxpoker: What is everyone aversion to code? The code written by AI is HIGHLY abstracted. Meaning it is low performance code. The people using AI coding successfully understand assembly. If you dont your AI code will be FULL of security vulnerabilities.

Do not use AI as a crutch. First learn to understand what is happening then use tools like AI to enhance your workflow.
  19. @nanokopp: Muy buenos tus videos Pat, increíble.
  20. @trignal: What was the app being used in the first segment ,"finding a market", that had the market mindmap.

- YouTube Money Masterclass: Part 1 - Niche Selection: Kind: captions Language: en hello and welcome to our Channel I'm thrilled to have you here to present YouTube video creation on your own using this one of nine part series we will see step by step in this video to identify your YouTube target audience and earn in locks whether you're a new subscriber or a returning viewer I want to express my gratitude for being a part of our growing Community I believe in providing you with practical tips step-by-step YouTube creation tutorials in-depth analyzes and thought-provoking discussions my aim is to equip you with the knowledge and tools you need to excel in creating your own YouTube channel and earning 1. determine the age range interests and demographics of your intended viewers research popular Trends and topics among your target audience determine the primary focus of your channel 2. brainstorm and narrow down potential content categories or themes consider your passions expertise and what you enjoy creating content about choose a niche or specific topic 3. identify a unique angle or perspective within your chosen content category consider your knowledge skills and the value you can provide to viewers research competition and existing channels 4. analyze other channels in your chosen Niche identify what makes them successful and how you can differentiate yourself Define your Channel's unique value proposition 5. determine what sets your channel apart from others in the same Niche identify the unique qualities expertise or perspective you bring to your content consider the long-term goals for your channel 6. Define the purpose and objectives you want to achieve with your Channel set realistic milestones and targets to track your progress align your Channel's Purpose with your personal brand 7. reflect on your personal values interests and strengths ensure that your Channel's purpose aligns with your personal brand and identity validate your channel concept 8. seek feedback from trusted friends colleagues or potential viewers evaluate the potential demand and audience interest for your Channel's content refine and iterate your Channel's purpose and Niche 9. continuously review and refine your Channel's focus and Direction adapt to changes in the market audience preferences and your own interests by following this checklist you'll be able to Define your Channel's purpose and Niche effectively remember to be authentic passionate and stay true to your chosen topic as you create content for your YouTube channel if you haven't already make sure to hit that subscribe button and turn on notifications so you never miss an update once again thank you for choosing to be a part of this journey I'm excited to embark on this adventure with all of you so let's dive in explore and learn together stay tuned for upcoming videos that will take you on an incredible YouTube video creation on your own Journey 9 part series

  Top Comments:
  1. @sanjayganesh4364: Good to start

- High CPM Strategy 2026: The Secret Power Tools for Adsterra Beginners: Kind: captions Language: en You guys are welcome back to YouTube channel. So, for today's tutorial, we're going to add a This actually a script, a powerful script that you guys can earn this script, too. So, let's go. Okay? So, now Okay. Um previously, my uh my other uh tutorial talked about the about the powerful uh apps that you can watch and earn, okay? For free, so without any subscription, but for this one, we're going to talk about uh the this powerful uh script. So, you guys can earn this, too. So, using this sticky footer, okay? You can use a WordPress or Blogspot. So, you can just fully embed for this script. You can modify it by using powerful tools such as Unity or other uh or Gemini, Banana, or whatsoever. So, let's go and watch it carefully, okay? Please don't skip and please watch the whole video for this. Um For this tutorial, you can earn from this, okay? So, let's go. So, as you can see in my dashboard, in my main Blogspot dashboard, I've already finished creating a sticky footer. But, for now, we're going to expand more about this uh Blogspot section with a sticky footer, okay? So, now we're going to view blog. This powerful sticky footer ads generator. You can actually, you know, earn from this using this powerful tool, okay? So, now This is manually a sticky ads footer Okay, so someone will find this script for this a very uh useful tool for for them. They can also create uh for their Blogspot or WordPress footer section. They can actually use this kind of script. So, just uh Okay, I'll give you an example, okay? So, let's try to embed the sticky footer Copy this URL and actually, we're going to embed this uh ad website. So, now we're going to use this. Okay, so other Let's add other. Okay, then I'll actually add this Hello Ads. Actually, we're going to use the sticky footer in the one. And then add Okay, so We're going to find this, right? the footer if So, it starts with F. So, we're going to see this footer URL. Okay, there you go. Okay, Popunder is all actually, it's active and actually approved by this Adsterra publisher ad network. So, we're going to use this ads, okay? Get code and then copy code. Go back to the sticky footer theme edit HTML. We're going to put this after the head section. Make it two. Okay, so two is in there. Okay, and go show in the header and body. In between of this, okay? So, we're going to put this, too. Actually, the last is the last part. Actually, in the footer section, we get to paste this code and then save. This is fully updated and we're going to reload this site. As you can see right now, there is a uh changing from this site. We're going to, you know, click this in which part of this we're going to hit this one. This one. As you As you can see, the Popunder is working properly. There you go. As you can see, the pop-up is always redirecting for Okay. So, we're going to with anyone with anyone ad network. And we're going to use the social social bar. Okay, so I'll just This ad network is recommended for this ad network, which is Adsterra. Many ads multiple ad formats. You can use this one and you can earn this one properly by using this ad uh this ads. You can set up manually different, you know, sections and different also uh category. So, you uh now we're going to use this one. This is actually social social bar. We're going to reload Okay, let's reload this site. We need to find this footer's footer's URL. So, this ad network uh is very good, you know, guys. So, They will which will, you know, directly approve your your ads or even your website. So, footer We're going to come up with this footer Okay, social bar is on this Okay, right there. And we're going to get this code properly and copy code. And let's go back to the Blogspot For this theme HTML. Okay, we're going to use this part after the Popunder earlier we get. We already did this one and after the head section, we get to put the Popunder two Popunder code. So, we're going to get this one. Add another social bar Now, we're going to put two social bars. ads, okay? So, we're going to put this one also in the middle of it. So, So, it's enough and let's go directly to the bottom section. We're going to add this, too. code also the social bar. So, we're going to hit save and successfully updated. So, we're going to As you can see right now in the header section, you can see at the top of it, you you know what? They're showing a social right there. Social bar is properly, you know, showing their ads, okay? So, Sometimes it goes down below right there and also in the middle of it, you can see Popunder always, you know, showing properly. So, we're going to find this uh new one. Okay, ad unit. uh use this banner size 728 by 90 or this one. 300 by 250. For those of you uh you know, if you are in a new for this uh Adsterra ad network with high CPM, you guys can actually create for this. Okay, so now we're going to find this Okay, it's right there, but it's pending. So, we're going to reload this site. And then we're going to find it. Okay, in this side going up. There you go. It's already active. Manage your ad network. And this Let's get code. Copy code. We're going to find this in the middle of the footer. code since one is available to put it. We're going to use this script on the this this part. So, we're going to use this one. This is the very, you know, of this uh sidebar generate ad generator, okay? As you can see. So, we're going to paste it and then we're going to use it. and then by 120. Okay, we're going to generate this code. As you can see, the preview display, it's okay right there and we're going to copy the straight code. And let's go back and we can close this And let's go back to the sticky footer Okay, sticky sticky footer. Okay, and then edit So, from this, we're going to find this one, this part. In this in the middle of this body and the header section. Right there. We're going to use this part section after the header. Actually, this this part is the middle of this the header and the body. So, in between we're going to paste this. Okay, cool. So, we're going to And then we're going to save it. So, it displays properly displaying this sidebar ads. So, we're going to reload it. as you can see right now there is changing changing from the edge. All of ads is always, you know, showing up. Right, there is a both side is uh, you know, working properly in this sidebar ads. If you want to close this one, so you can see. it will be done if you want to close, but if you reload it, it will be, you know, okay, sidebar ads always there showing up. Okay, so from there So, from this uh last part we're going to use this the banner 27 with meaning eight. Actually, this is a footer section. We're going to use this one. This is actually the last part of our uh tutorial. Okay. the more you set up ads multiple ads from this site, the more you earn multiple also. By doing this, so you guys can go and also set up properly or manually by using script with a powerful tools powerful generator also. Okay. Come Let's reload it. So, reload. Okay, there. So, the new copy code. And we're going to use this sticky Okay, so actually we're going to delete this same here. Here we're going to put this one in the footer of the all of footer section and we're going to use this. So, as soon as possible we're going to use this script. Let's generate the footer sticky footer there. we're going to paste this footer ads and we're going to generate this code. And as you can see right now, the footer is there working properly. Copy code. Code banner upper there. Okay. And we're going to directly in the footer section and above the body section we're going to put this code. Okay, so there you go. So, we're going to save it properly at the beginning and successfully showing this after the set uh set up the code is there and properly set up and we're going to That's it. Thank you right now. Okay, where is it? Where is it now? Maybe there is no error handling error from this code from this uh set up. But we're going to, you know, Okay, we're going to find this one. Sometimes it giving error. Okay, okay, where is that? There you go. So, from there or you you you guys can leave it. Okay. Don't worry about this If it's not showing, okay, don't mind, but if it's showing, so it's be good to you guys. You have great, you know, an option that you can create from this part is you have to, you know, add elements of it. Add elements, you know, better to, you remove this all of this script. Okay, you guys can go ahead. Also, multiple ads you can do manually. Properly displaying of it ads okay according to it uh category and format and size. So, now as you can see always uh displaying successfully all ads are set up and money, you know, actually showing up without and then only the footer section. from there you guys can earn double of it for this by using the all of this publishing ad networks. So, you guys can also earn from this. So, it's not about how you guys can, you know, boast something to brag to brag you guys, but we have to, you know, modify by you, just to create uh you know, yourself create and earn online for free without any subscription. You're using single uh coins or single uh payment something like that. So, Okay, so that's all for you this tutorial. So, bye-bye for now. See you for my next tutorial. God bless and have a good day.

- I Discovered High CPM YouTube Niche That Make $$$ | Make Money Without Showing Your Face!: Kind: captions Language: en hey there aspiring YouTube Mogul ever wondered how to raken over $100 a day on YouTube without revealing your face well you've just stepped into the right Arena today I've got the keys to unlocking the potential of one of the hottest YouTube Niche the fitness and health Niche why because it's not just a niche it's a cash cow with one of the juiciest cpms in the game stick around because in today's video I'm unveiling the secrets to creating compelling content in the fitness Niche without ever showing your face don't even think about skipping ahead trust me you won't want to miss the gamechanging info coming your way now if you're a YouTube greenhorn let me break it down for you making money on YouTube is all about joining the YT partner program to qualify you'll need a minimum of 4,000 hours of watchtime and 1,000 subscribers sounds like a mountain to climb but it's a summit that's closer than you think once you hit these milestones and get the golden ticket into the YouTube Partner program boom and start rolling on your videos every time someone watches Those ads chaing you're making money it's like having a little cash register every time your content gets eyeballs now there are two ways to consume YouTube sure we all love the entertainment side but what if I told you there's a second path turning it into a business to potentially transform your life lives have been changed and today I'm handing you the blueprint before we dive in if you or someone you know is itching to grow their Channel and Conquer YouTube hit that subscribe button for more gold like this show some love by Smashing that like button and drop a comment to give the algorithm a notch now let's turn those YouTube dreams into a daily reality buckle up it's about to get exciting all right folks get ready to be blown away as we dive into the world of cash cow YouTube channels today I'm unveiling an absolute Powerhouse that's raking in over $100 every single day in a niche that's hotter than ever so let's jump right into it the first gemm on our list is none other than bestie with a whopping 4.6 million subscribers this channel has found its golden ticket in the fitness and health Niche think health tips weight loss hacks what's on the menu and what is steer clear of they've got it all covered now brace yourselves for the jaw-dropping numbers besti pulls in a mind-blowing number of views each month I'm talking a staggering 2.4 million views and here's the kicker they don't even show their faces it's a genius play of a voiceover on top of engaging visuals stock footage and other captivating elements but hold on it gets even more mind-blowing according to Social blade this channel is cashing in Big Time brace yourself for the range from $618 to a jaw-dropping $999,000 per month in add Revenue alone Yes you heard that right and here's where it gets even more exciting social blade throws in a CPM range of 25 cents to $4 per 1,000 monetized playbacks my deep dive into the research suggests that the fitness Niche isn't playing small it's it's averaging between $4 to $10 per 1,000 monetized playbacks so let's crunch the numbers assuming bestie is monetized in ads are rolling we're looking at an estimated monthly earning between $8,000 and $155,000 now that's not just incredible it's mind-boggling and trust me I'm leaning towards the higher end of the scale why because here's the Golden Nugget Cash Cow YouTube channels and these niches attract more advertisers more advertisers mean more dollars in your pocket it's a money-making strategy that's taking the YouTube game to a whole new level now hold on to your seats because the YouTube Money Train doesn't stop there let me introduce you to another heavyweight in the game a channel called body Hub with a massive fan base of over 1.4 million subscribers and dishing out the same Health focused content it's another Testament to the power of this cash count Niche but here's where it gets even more exciting I'm not just here to Showcase success stories I'm here to empower you to generate videos like these without breaking a sweat imagine making bank without even creating the videos yourself I'll spill the secrets diving into the social blade data for body Hub the numbers are nothing short of impressive a whopping 2.4 million monthly views according to Social blades conservative estimate they might be banking between $619 to $9,900 per month but here's my speculation with a CPM range of $4 to $10 per 1,000 monetized playbacks we're looking at a monthly Hall ranging for from $16,000 to $20,000 now that's the kind of paycheck that turns heads but wait there's more to the YouTube money game that meets the eye I'm about to unveil some hidden gems ways to monetize your channel that go beyond add revenue and trust me it's the key to unlocking a treasure Trove of income now let's dissect the format of these money-making videos take for example their hit titled five foods to eat to quickly gain weight and muscle boasting a whopping 8.5 million views click on it and what do you see it's a clever play of stock photos and videos in the background coupled with a compelling voice over and attention grabbing captions all right let's break it down in plain and simple terms making these videos isn't rocket science all you need is a cell phone the kind that most folks already have when they start their YouTube Journey so no fancy equipment required making your own videos is as easy as 123 or in this case 127 here's how you can do it step one start by watching the videos I mentioned earlier get a feel for what's working and what people love step two do a bit of research on the topics you want to talk about knowledge is power step three take notes on the most viewed videos from channels like body Hub or bestie step four figure out what's making those videos a hit see which ones are getting the most eyeballs step five recreate those videos in your own style using your own words be yourself step six write a script for your math Masterpiece step seven bring it to life with a voiceover you're the director of your own show but hold up where do you get cool stuff for your videos without diving into the copyright maze don't worry I've got you covered there are freebies waiting for you on websites like pixabay it's like a treasure Trove of health and fitness images that you can use for free in your videos no credit required now if you're feeling a bit fancy and want software to match stock images to your script check out pictory or Flex clip like your video making Sidekicks for example on pixabay search for Fitness when you find the perfect image or video notice that it's free for commercial use no need to give credit download it and boom you've got content for your YouTube videos and if pixabay doesn't have what you need hop on over to pexels it's another Gold Mine searching for jogging for instance will give you a ton of photos and videos to use for free easy right all right we're reaching the grand finale putting all the pieces together into one killer video and guess what you can do it all from your trusty phone imagine that turning your ideas into a polished video Masterpiece right from the palm of your hand here's the load out if you recorded your voice over independently on your phone no worries I've got the perfect app for you power director video editor it's a game changer and the best part it works seamlessly on both Android and iOS devices easy peasy but hey if you want to level up your voiceover game consider grabbing a budget friendly USB mic record your voiceovers using audacity it's completely free software and it's a breeze to use then take your recorded gems and edit them with ophot which you can snag for free at opens hot.or now I've got a hot tip for you if you can swing it I highly recommend doing this on a computer it's like having a magic one to make your editing dreams come true you can transfer your audio files from your phone to the computer and edit them there using open shot it's like having a Digital Playground for your creativity but hey I get it not everyone has a computer at their fingertips if that's the case no sweat you can still use your phone for the whole process it might take a bit more finger gymnastics but it's totally doable so whether you're crafting your Masterpiece on your phone or flexing your creative muscles on a computer the journey to YouTube stardom is in your hands now what if the idea of creating videos yourself feels like a bit too much well good news you can enlist the help of others to do the heavy lifting imagine having a fleet of YouTube channels each churning out content like a well-oiled machine here's how you can make it happen welcome to the world of a video assembly line first up you can Outsource different tasks like script writing voiceovers video editing and even thumbnail design the only Parts you need to take charge of our brainstorming video ideas in the grand finale uploading and optimizing those videos it's like running your own creative Empire without breaking a sweat creating video ideas is a breeze just peek into successful YouTube channels check out their top videos and use them as your creative playground don't copy paste instead let them be your Muse to craft something Uniquely Yours it's all about finding what clicks with your audience now you're probably wondering where to find your dream team for all these tasks one golden spot is fiverr.com Dive In Search for Fitness or health articles and voila you'll find talented folks ready to turn your ideas into reality need a voiceover look up voiceover on Fiverr and you'll stumble upon individuals offering their golden vocal cords for as little as $5 get someone to edit the videos and why not hire a pro to create that eye-catching thumbnail but wait there's more another Treasure Trove for assembling your dream team is upwork.com it's like your talent pool where you can scout for professionals eager to join your video making Adventure so whether you're crafting videos solo or assembling a Dream Team the the path to YouTube greatness is wide open now that you've got the YouTube money game down with that income let's kick it up a notch and explore additional ways to fill your pockets enter the world of monetization making money by promoting either your own products or being the voice for someone else's Goods so what's the game changer here it's called affiliate marketing and it's your ticket to earning a commission every time someone snags a product through your recommendation here's the genius move head over to clickbank.com and dive into their health and fitness section it's like a treasure Trove of advertising offers waiting for you you could potentially pocket over $100 for each sale ready to sees this golden opportunity first things first sign up for a ClickBank account once you find a product you love copy that URL and paste it into the description of every YouTube video you drop it's like planting money seeds in your video descriptions now here's another gym digistore 24.com it's like clickbank's cool cousin similar Vibe more money-making po potential and here's the kicker bestie and body Hub are leaving money on the table by not using affiliate links in their descriptions we're about to change that the beauty of products on ClickBank and digistore 24 they're digital so no shipping drama buyers get their goodies instantly and because shipping is zilch your profit margin Skyrocket it's like making more money on each transaction compared to promoting something from the Amazon affiliate Network where you'd only get a tiny slice unless you're pedaling High ticket items so what whether you're rocking the ClickBank hustle or diving into digistore 24 affiliate marketing is your secret weapon all right my future YouTube Moguls you've just been equipped with the ultimate toolkit to turn your channel into a cash generating machine from dissecting Cash Cow channels like bestie and body Hub creating engaging videos assembling your dream team to unlocking additional income through affiliate marketing you're now armed with the secrets of YouTube success but here's the deal sealer if you're ready to dive into the world of making serious money online there's one recommendation that stands tall Above the Rest click on the link below in the description to unveil my number one recommendation for making money online it's the golden key to transforming your YouTube journey into a revenue generating Adventure don't miss out click that link now and let's Kickstart your path to online success subscribe like and drop a comment to let me know you're on this journey with me the future of your YouTube success awaits click that link and let's make it happen

- Best Strategies to Boost Your CPM on YouTube: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] yo what's up everybody it's tar out1 Tariq here back with another video and today we're diving deep into the world of YouTube CPM we're talking about the real deal here how to actually make some serious bank with your channel let's be real for a second we all know the grind is real putting your heart and soul into creating content but wouldn't it be sweet if that grind translated into some serious dough that's what we're breaking down today first things first you got to know where the money's at some niches on YouTube are just naturally sexier to advertisers and that's where you want to be think Finance tech reviews Healthcare the kind of stuff people are willing to drop some serious cash on it's all about supply and demand baby when you're in a high demand Niche advertisers are fighting for your precious ad space and guess what that means more money in your pocket so do your research find those golden niches and start creating killer content now let's talk about your audience who are you talking to where do they live this matters people advertisers are willing to pay top dollar to reach specific demographics and it's your job to understand who those high rollers are think about it someone watching your video from say the United States is probably going to get served ads that pay more than someone watching from I don't know a remote island somewhere I'm not saying you should ignore your internet International fans but knowing your audience demographics can seriously impact your CPM engagement engagement engagement it's not just about getting those views it's about keeping people hooked we're talking likes comments shares the whole shebang the more engaged your audience is the more YouTube's algorithm sees your video as valuable and you better believe advertisers are willing to Shell out more for valuable ad space longer videos equal more ad space it's basic math people think about it if you've got a 10-minute video you've got more room to sprinkle in those sweet sweet mid roll ads now I'm not saying you should stretch out your content just for the sake of it keep it engaging keep it tight but don't be afraid to let those videos breathe a little YouTube gives you options people don't be afraid to use them we're talking skippable ads non-skippable ads bumper ads overlay ads the whole N9 yards experiment with different formats see what works best for your audience and find that sweet spot between maximizing your earnings and keeping your viewers happy it's all about finding that balance my friends metadata metadata metadata sounds boring I know but trust me this stuff matters we're talking about your video title your description your tags all that good stuff that helps YouTube understand what your video is actually about use relevant keywords be specific and make it easy for people to find your content the better your metadata the better your chances of ranking high in search results and the more eyeballs you get on your videos this should go without saying but I'm going to say it anyway create amazing content high quality informative engaging the kind of stuff that keeps people coming back for more when your content is topnotch advertisers take notice they want to be associated with the best of the best and that means you so step up your game invest in your craft and watch those CPM s stay ahead of the game people keep your finger on the pulse of what's hot what's trending what's got everyone talking create content around seasonal events holidays big news stories whatever's got the internet buzzing advertisers are always looking for ways to capitalize on these moments and they're willing to pay a premium to get their message in front of the Right audience remember when we talked about audience demographics well geot targeting takes it to the next level this is where you get laser focused on specific locations and tailor your content to appeal to those viewers for example if you know you've got a large audience in say Canada you might create content specifically about Canadian culture or events don't put all your eggs in one basket people YouTube offers a ton of different monetization options so take advantage of them we're talking Channel memberships super chats merchandise shelves the whole shebang diversify your income streams and create a more sustainable business model for your channel the more ways you have to make money the less Reliant you are on any one source of income so there you have it my friends my top tips for boosting your YouTube CPM and finally start seeing some real Returns on all your hard work remember it's all about understanding the game game playing smart and always always delivering amazing content now get out there hustle hard and I'll catch you in the next video peace

  Top Comments:
  1. @CafeDeFlore-rs2vq [1 likes]: Waow great video
  2. @RubixRusty [1 likes]: Helpfull video
  3. @afsuafsu6150 [1 likes]: Nice
  4. @SameeraBasit-c9x [1 likes]: Great and helpful informational video
  5. @momkitchen6770 [1 likes]: Your all vedios are so informative good job
  6. @princessdoll-kw4pn [1 likes]: Waooo nicee zabardast 🎉
  7. @Anaizasvlogology-l3f [1 likes]: Nice sharing
  8. @BrickLane-d3j: Fantastic work 👍

- How Do You Find high-CPM Content Categories For YouTube? - Passive Income Wizards: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] How do you find high CPM content categories for YouTube? Imagine earning more money from each view on your videos without increasing your audience size. That's what high CPM content can do for your YouTube channel. If you want to turn your videos into a steady stream of digital passive income, understanding which content categories attract high-paying advertisers is key. First, let's clarify what CPM means. CPM stands for cost per millie, which is the amount advertisers pay for every 1,000 ad views on your videos. The higher the CPM, the more money you earn per thousand views. Certain topics naturally attract advertisers willing to pay more because they target high value industries. Finance and investments are top of the list. Videos about managing money, investing in stocks or real estate, or building wealth tend to have high CPMs. This is because banks, financial adviserss, and investment firms spend big on advertising to reach potential clients. If you create content like how to save for retirement or investing tips, you're more likely to get higher ad revenue. Technology and software reviews also draw high CPMs. Tech companies want their products seen by tech enthusiasts who are ready to buy the latest gadgets or software. Reviewing smartphones, laptops, or productivity tools can attract ads from big tech brands. These companies often pay more because their products are expensive and they want to reach buyers who are ready to make a purchase. Educational content, especially tutorials and how-to videos, can also bring in high CPMs. Think about videos teaching programming, language learning, or science experiments. These videos attract engaged viewers who spend time watching and learning. Educational content appeals to advertisers in the education sector. online courses and e-learning platforms willing to pay more for targeted ads. Health and fitness videos are booming. Content about dieting, workout routines, or mental health can generate high CPMs. Fitness brands, supplement companies, and health product sellers are eager to advertise to viewers interested in wellness. You can also earn through affiliate marketing by recommending products in these niches. Business and B2B content is another high CPM category. Videos about marketing strategies, software tools for companies or entrepreneurship attract professional audiences. These viewers are valuable to advertisers offering B2B services, making this niche highly profitable. To find profitable niches, start by researching trending topics on YouTube. Look for videos with high engagement and comments. Use tools like YouTube's own analytics or third-party platforms to see which categories are performing well. Pay attention to industries that spend more on advertising like finance, tech, and health. Focus on evergreen content that stays relevant over time. For example, tutorials on popular software or health advice that remains useful for years. This ensures consistent views and income. Use analytics to identify which of your videos earn the most CPM. This helps you refine your content strategy over time. From a passive income view, creating videos in these high CPM niches can lead to more earnings without constantly creating new content. Automated online businesses often use faceless channels or outsourcing to produce videos. By targeting high CPM categories, you maximize your ad revenue and grow your digital passive income streams. Adding affiliate marketing to your videos can boost your income further. Promote relevant products or services and earn commissions on sales made through your links. This creates an extra layer of income that works alongside your ad revenue. So, if you want to increase your YouTube earnings and build a sustainable online income, focus on these high CPM categories. Research, analyze, and create content that appeals to high-paying advertisers. This way, your channel can become a powerful part of your digital passive income strategy.

- New Google Ads Demand Gen Strategy & Algorithm Update 2026 🔥: Kind: captions Language: en Hello everyone and welcome back on my YouTube channel. I'm Thomas Edel and today I want to talk to you about a new demand genen campaign strategy that I invented and also about the new core update of demand genen campaigns that changes everything. Thanks for watching. If you want to see more of my videos, please subscribe, leave a like or a comment, whatever you want. And I would say let's jump into the first topic, the demand genen core update. This year there were some heavy updates on the demand genen algorithm that shifted the manen campaign away from the gold middle where it was created the midfunnel slightly towards the mid low funnel. The man team announced that they did a big core update. The old system looked first at contextual matching and then matched users to ads. So it was quite simple. But the new system is flipping that logic and exchanged contextual matching with a more sophisticated interestbased algorithm. It starts by identifying products or services a user is most likely to be interested in and then it finds the best ad to show to the user. It now uses a lot of signals around the Google landscape that you can get from search and pmax to know what the user is interested in and only when the user is interested in your product service the manen will be eligible to serve the ad to the user. So that's a completely new matching model for demand campaign and it's also why all the manens setups from 6 months ago simply don't perform the same as they do today. It brings the demand genen a bit closer to the to the person interest product creative loop that you also know from more social platforms like me. The demand genen campaign is a completely new campaign type than it was 6 months ago. Saying it did not work for me. I think it's not valid anymore because you should try it now because you might have very different results. I'm not saying that you will be 100% successful but you might get different results than 6 months ago. Exactly. the opportunity cost they are probably too high to not test it out. We can see here if your product data and structures are clean, you might get an extra lift from this new core update that you won't get on Ma Tik Tok. Let's look at who actually benefits from this new algorithm update. In short, I would say the winners who give the system something real to work with will benefit from it. So, I would say also retail and D2C brands, if they have a clean and strong product feed with strong product data, this update might work well for you because the new algorithm doesn't just choose audiences anymore and contextual matching, but it picks product services first that the user might be interested in. And if your feed is clean and clear and your collection, your product makes sense, you have rich titles with keywords inside, good images, then you will see I think a clear uplift in matching and the currency also and that might lead to a conversion efficiency for your demand and campaign but also assisting search and pmax campaigns. Second, I think that advertisers with strong firstparty data will also benefit from this algorithm update. So if you can feed the system with rich customer lists, for example, previous buyers, high LTV users, engaged non- buyers and build nice look alikes with a balanced reach, I think the model might become smarter here. I think every high quality signal makes the targeting sharper here. I would say more signal in is less waste out. And the third is advertisers who invest a lot in videos, they will also see a benefit. If you already have short form and long form assets for YouTube for example, you will benefit. The creative rotation algorithm inside the manion loves the choice. So if you can test 15 second story ads, a bumper 6second ad and it rotates efficiently, that's what the algorithm likes. And I think Google ads is really pushing towards YouTube and short vertical video ads. So overall this algorithm favors I would say structure signal and creative variety. If you give it all three you will notice the maning campaign might start performing better and it also gets more intelligent because the machine learning algorithm behind is made for it. So yeah that's what you need to know about the new core update of the maning campaigns that was huge one. Now let's jump into my new strategy for the maning campaign. Let's talk about money because every advanced advertiser eventually will ask where does my ad spend go. The advanc works on a mixed billing model. We have CPC billings like discover image ads, Gmail display network that charge per click. And then we have CPMs, CPM billings like YouTube video, discover video and video partner that charge per CPM per cost per thousand impressions. CPM, cost per mill. If you add, if you're optimizing for CPC, you're paying for engagement. And if you're optimizing for CPM, you're paying for attention. And if you know, for example, from the beginning on which channel you want to advertise or during optimizing your demanding campaign, you saw that you just want two different channels or two different ad types to advertise on. You can get a competitive advantage if you optimize your ads towards that specific billing model. Going to show you on the next slide what I mean. Let's check this strategy that we can derive if we know exactly the billing model of each demand gen at type. For example, all CPC building models you need to optimize for the right engagement. We want to minimize any colder users clicking on our ad that just want to click because they are curious but they are far away from purchasing or sending the lead form. So that's why so we want to reduce wasted clicks at spend by for example first thing pre-qualifying in our ads. So for example we can kill curiosity clicks by putting for example a price up front on my creative on my headline on my description. for example, it starts from €299. So that means that all users who are not available to pay that price will not probably click on my ad or we probably some will click but the majority won't click. So you save a lot of money than if you just would have put your creative without any price. And since we're optimizing towards CPC billing model in demand genen campaigns and you can also delamorize for example the CTA instead of saying C pricing C specs say learn more. And the second one is we don't want to write headlines that clickbait because we want just headlines that inform. For example, you can just keep one benefit of your product and one qualifier, but not putting five of the benefits and clickbait the user. You have to be honest and informative here. I think that will help you optimize towards the CPC billing mode. The third is to use images that are perfectly cropped and that reduce accidental taps. For example, I would not use any creative with curiosity thumbnails, mysterious close-ups, or whatever you can put there. I would say you should use clean crops text safe with probably a small price batch. You can also include brandmark because they don't invite so much window shopping clicks I would say. And the fourth is avoid wrong clicks. Put constraints credit card required trial with deposit business emails only for example add also the time effort for example 10 minutes sign up ID is needed password is needed whatever you get the point. be smart and outgrow your competitors with this information that you have up front and your competitor might not have. Now, the same goes for CPM billing channels on demand. The key is to make every 1,000 impressions work harder for you for your business by improving visual hooks, cutting out bad placement, and improving headline clarity. The first one is win the auction with quality. So, we have to drop our effective cost per mill. For example, you can recut the first two seconds. Break patterns. You can put a rating demo for example in the first three to six seconds that improves the quality of your product. You can also put inside for example capt because most views are muted at the end. Those are things that you can do to win more auctions with quality because your CTR will increase. The second one is to tighten who sees the impressions to reduce the wasted reach. Let's call it like that. You can use channel controls. You can work a lot on your signal architecture. For example, seat your custom audiences with high performing keywords, custom URLs, competitor, deep pages, pricing, reviews, YouTube topics, channels. All this you can put in inside your signal architecture to make your audience way better and to tighten who sees your ad or not. You can also use brand suitability. for example, limited inventory, exclude all kids channels, exclude games and apps, live streams, and so on, the useless stuff. But that's really important here. On the number two, the third one, you should control frequency because creative fatigue is obviously making your CPM more expensive and you don't get incremental conversions out of it. You should rotate your creatives on a weekly or bi-weekly basis. 20 30% for example of your creative can be rotated without breaking anything inside your demanding campaign and falling back to learning phase and the fourth one are some don'ts that you should not do when you optimize towards CPM at formats on demand campaigns don't run one video per angle because that makes your CPM higher because we said before the algorithm is not liking that too much don't broaden the inventory before you broaden your signals first always work on the signals and also on the creative And the last thing you do is to broaden inventory because that's not so good in Google ads. Don't ignore the frequency. I think high frequency with falling view rates that I think is the a big budget waste. So yeah, don't ignore that. You obviously should see how your creators are performing inside the demanding campaign. So yeah, this is my strategy. This is I would say a really out of the box strategy that came into my mind after thinking a lot about demand campaigns. If you want to see more demand genen optimizations, you can get my demand genen playbook and also my demand genen script that's on my website.com. Also in the link in the description. See you in the next video. Hope you like it. Bye-bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @RaymaraCristinaSilva: Hi Thomas. Great class!!
  2. @ads-r2o: Thomas, do you mean that we should create a separate ad group for each placement, and for each specific ad group, match the bidding type to what we have in mind?
For example, for Discover Feed Image, should we set the bidding type to Max CPC?
I’d appreciate it if you could explain more about this point.

- $47 CPM vs $4 CPM — The 12x Revenue Gap on YouTube in 2026: Kind: captions Language: en Yesterday, I broke down the 16 channels YouTube wiped in a single morning. 35 million subscribers gone. $10 million in annual ad revenue gone. But, while those channels were getting deleted, three specific niches on YouTube were quietly hitting record CPMs. Some channels in those niches were earning $47 per thousand views, while the average creator was stuck at four. That's a 12x gap between the channels making money on YouTube in 2026 and everyone else. This is the real map of where the money is now. Most YouTube monetization advice you'll find online was written for 2022 or 2023. Different audience, different algorithm, different ad market. The CPM landscape has shifted dramatically since the inauthentic content policy hit. Stick with me at minute five. You'll see exactly which niches the data says you should be in if making money is the actual goal. Here's what actually changed. Advertisers got more selective after the AI slop wave. They pulled budget from broad entertainment and concentrated it in three buckets where intent is high and audience purchasing power is strong. Personal finance, business and software as a service, and health and wellness. Those three buckets now account for over 60% of premium ad spend on the platform. The result, personal finance channels are pulling $25 to $40 per thousand views in 2026. Software tutorials and business content are pulling $30 to $50. Health is pulling $20 to $30. The average creator outside these buckets is still stuck around $4 to $7 per thousand views, which is where the platform was three years ago. Same audience size. Five to 10 times the revenue per view if you pick the right niche. So, what actually makes money on YouTube in 2026? Five patterns the top earners share. Number five is the one nobody is talking about. Pattern five, vertical depth not horizontal breadth. The 2024 advice was diversify your topics, hit different audiences, expand reach. The 2026 reality is the opposite. The algorithm rewards deep authority on one specific subject. Channels that publish 40 videos on the same narrow topic outearn channels that publish 40 videos on 10 different topics by a factor of three. Same effort, very different revenue. The mechanism is audience overlap. When you go deep, every video reinforces your authority signal to the algorithm. When you go wide, you're competing with bigger channels in each lane and never building a moat. Solo OS POV, pick one specific question your audience needs answered repeatedly. Make every video answer a different angle of that question. Three years from now, you should be the channel for that question. Pattern four, solve one painfully specific problem. Generic content is dead. The classifier flags it, the audience scrolls past it, advertisers don't sponsor it. What works is excruciatingly specific. Not how to use chat GPT, but how to use chat GPT to write product descriptions for Shopify stores under 100 SKUs. Not how to learn coding, but how to ship your first Stripe integration in eight hours without a back end. The narrower the problem, the higher the CPM. Generic productivity content gets $3 to $5 CPM. Solving a specific problem for a specific role gets $25 to $40 CPM. Same length video, same effort, eight times the revenue. Solo OS POV, write the title first as a question your ideal viewer is desperately searching at 11:00 p.m. on a Sunday. If the title doesn't sound like a real specific question, kill it before scripting. Pattern three, the high CPM niches that nobody is talking about. Three sub niches are quietly printing money in 2026 and almost no creators are filling the gap. First, tax and accounting for solo founders. Average CPM $38. Audience is desperate for plain language explanations of LLC versus S corp, quarterly estimates, deductible expenses for software businesses. Few creators in the space because most accountants are bad on camera and most YouTubers don't know taxes. Second, enterprise software tutorials. SAP, Oracle, Salesforce, Workday. CPM $35 to $55. Audience is paid software professionals whose company will buy them training. Massive purchasing power, tiny supply of educators. Third, insurance and benefits navigation. CPM $30 to $45. Health insurance, life insurance, retirement plan optimization. Audience is anyone over 35 trying to make decisions that affect their family. Every search term in this space is high intent. The pattern, boring, technical, painful topics where the audience has money and decisions. The sexy niches are saturated. The boring ones are wide open. Pattern two, build own distribution alongside YouTube. The top earners on YouTube in 2026 don't earn the majority of their money from YouTube ads. They use YouTube as a free acquisition channel and convert viewers into owned audience. Email list, then paid product. The math is straightforward. A YouTube subscriber is worth maybe $0.50 to $2 per year if you only run ads. An email subscriber is worth $30 to $100 per year if you have a real product. Same person, 50 times the value if you control the relationship. The top channel on Solo OS's list of monetization benchmarks pulls $800,000 per year from a 60,000 subscriber email list, while their YouTube ad revenue is around 90,000. The ratio is nine to one in favor of email. Solo OS POV, treat YouTube ad revenue as a bonus, not the goal. The video drives someone to your description link. The link drives them to your email. Email drives them to your product. That's the real funnel. Pattern one, the compounding effect of evergreen content. This is the big one. The pattern in every channel earning over $50,000 a month from YouTube. It's not posting more videos. It's posting videos that earn for three years instead of three weeks. Trending content earns hard for seven to 14 days, then drops to near zero. Evergreen content earns moderately for years. Over 36 months, an evergreen video can outperform a trending video by 25x in cumulative revenue, even if the trending video had a bigger first week. The way to identify evergreen, search the topic on YouTube. If the top results are from two plus years ago and still ranking, it's evergreen. If everything in the top 10 is from the last month, it's trending. Trending sells now. Evergreen pays you for years. Solo OS POV, for every trending video you make, make three evergreen ones or skip trending entirely. The compounding math always wins eventually. So, how do you actually structure a Solo OS channel that captures all five of these in 2026? Five rules to memorize. One, pick one painfully specific niche where the CPM is at least $15 and the audience has buying power. Two, go deep on a single question your audience asks repeatedly. Same question, every video different angle. Three, build email list capture into every video. Free PDF, free template, free checklist. Own distribution is the real moat. Four, bias toward evergreen topics that compound for years. Skip trending unless you have a defensive reason. Five, sell something at the end of the funnel. Course, template, software, cohort. Ad revenue is the floor, not the ceiling. This is the framework Solo OS publishes on. Every video answers a specific solopreneur question, drives to an email checklist, and feeds into a paid offer at the end. You're not in the danger zone if your channel is built around any version of these five rules. If it's built around chasing trending topics with broad generic content for low intent audiences, you have a different problem entirely. I made a one-page version of this monetization framework. Call it the Solo OS niche selection worksheet. Free in the description. Run any channel idea you have through it before you commit 100 app

  Top Comments:
  1. @SoloOS47: 📌 Solo OS Newsletter — every video's free PDF (compliance checklist, niche worksheet, stack audit, funnel map, evergreen scorecard, SaaS blueprint, agency playbook) sent as welcome emails when you subscribe:

https://alamdarnaqvi.substack.com/

Drop your top question for the next analysis below — I read every comment.

- How Does YOUTUBE CPM Work: Kind: captions Language: en CPM or cost per meal is a common metric used in online advertising including on platforms like YouTube CPM represents the cost of 1,000 Impressions views of an advertisement here's how YouTube CPM works at Revenue calculation advertisers pay YouTube for their ads to be displayed to users the cost is calculated for 1,000 Impressions advertisers May bid different CPM rates based on factors like target audience ad placement and AD format monetized views not every view on YouTube results in Revenue views need to be monetized meaning they need to be part of a monetizable action such as watching an ad for a certain duration or engaging with it advertisers are more likely to pay for views that lead to meaningful engagement YouTube Partner program ypp to earn money from CPM on YouTube content creators must be part of the YouTube Partner program ypp ypp allows creators to monetize their content by displaying ads on their videos ad formats different ad formats on YouTube can impact CPM rates for instance true view ads are skippable and advertisers may be charged when users watch at least 30 seconds of the ad or engage with it non-skippable ads may have different CPM rates Niche and audience CPM rates can vary based on the niche of the content and the demographics of the audience advertisers may be willing to pay more for Content that aligns with their target audience geographical location advertisers may also pay different CPM rates based on the geographical location of the audience advertisers might be willing to pay more for views from regions with higher purchasing power or strategic importance seasonal factors CPM rates can be influenced by seasonal factors and events advertisers May pay more during peak times or for Content related to specific Seasons holidays or events YouTube's Revenue share YouTube takes a percentage of the ad revenue generated on the platform the remaining revenue is then distributed to content creators based on various factors including CPM rates and the number of monetized views it's important to note that CPM is just one metric used in online advertising and other models like CPC cost per click and cpv cost per viw are also common creators should consider various factors to optimize their revenue such as creating engaging content understanding Their audience and exploring different ad formats

  Top Comments:
  1. @vgardner1688: But how does YouTube determine your CPM? Does it go by channel or each video. Say I have a lifestyle channel & I post a video about credit cards & one about kittens.  Does YouTube change the CPM to a higher rate for the credit card video or do all the videos pay the same under the "lifestyle channel" umbrella?

- What Is CPM or RPM, How CPM Effects On Your Income?: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] okay so now you know how you will be getting paid based on your monetized views in this lesson I'll teach you how exactly your income is going to be calculated CPM CPM stands for cost per thousand so the amount of money the advertiser pays Google for a thousand views they're out get for example an advertiser pays Google five dollars for every thousand views they're out get that's a CPM of five dollars Google is paid five dollars to display their ad 1,000 times if their ad gets a million views that is five thousand dollars however youtubers don't keep all of that money like I said before who keeps about half of the money the video made so in this case the content creators would be left with about twenty five hundred dollars if you are affiliated with a network they will also take an additional percentage of your earnings but we'll talk about networks later however just because your video gets for example and million views it doesn't mean you'll get paid for all of them YouTube won't pay you for just views like I said before they will only tell you for the monetized views which means the views would add CPM does not apply to not monetized views a lot of people on the internet use ad blocking target so from your million views maybe only 750,000 of them are monetized views you and Google will make money from also just because CPM stands for cost per thousand if your video gets less than a thousand views you're still going to get paid accordingly so for 500 views you'd be paid half your CPM and for 100 views you'll be paid at end of your CPM and so on your CPM is going to differ every single day you have no control over it someday it might range from 70 cents to $1 and someday you might get a $3 CPM at small companies want to advertise their product the CPM is going to increase this is a simple concept of the mentioned supply one of the best times for high CPM a holiday or big event season for example the beginning of February usually have the high CPM because companies pay for Super Bowl at December also usually have the decent in p.m. because companies pay for Christmas related product path so just because you get the same amount of views every day your revenue is going to differ every month CPM also varies on the location if you have many english-speaking viewers your CPM is usually going to be higher than otherwise USA Canada and the United Kingdom ads are usually more expensive and ask for people in other countries your CPM can also be affected by the content you may if your content appeals to a lot of people on the internet like science fact videos makeup gaming animals comedy etc your CPM is going to be higher than for videos that appeal to less people like gardening for example then there's rpm often referred to as a CPM it's your average revenue generated by a thousand views you will be able to check it on your adsense account so in simple terms is your CPM just more accurate because it calculates how much you make on average from a thousand views rather than how much you would make if every view was monetized there are also a few more factors that contribute to your earnings for example if someone watches an entire pre-roll ad you will make more money than if they just skip it after 5 seconds also if people click on the ads on your videos not just view them you're going to get paid more but once again you should never encourage your viewers to click on your ad all that being said you shouldn't really pay attention to your CPM because you don't really have any control of it the only way you can affect it is by creating a certain type of content in a specific language as well as encouraging people not to use adblock but every day your CPM or rpm are going to be different there's nothing to worry about when your CPM or RPM drop below average because that just means that less people want to advertise their product at this time leave CPM alone and focus on building an audience and getting as many views as possible because that's what you do have control over but if you want to know the average RPM you can expect is probably around one dollar and sixty cents Oh No

- Why Changing Niches Can Save Your Failing YouTube Channel: Kind: captions Language: en it's true changing your Niche or your YouTube channel topic could absolutely save your failing Channel and even explode your growth however sometimes it ends in disaster and so in this video we're going to be talking about how to do it successfully and a few things to consider so let's get into it you got to just press record all right so I've got seven tips for this but uh if you're new here my name is Sean canell and this is think media helping you with the best tips and tools for growing your influence with online video we've been looking at your questions shared on the community Tab and John asks hey Sean what is the best way to begin to shift your Niche gradually or abruptly now I looked up John's Channel he has almost 7,000 subscribers and that's going to play a part in this conversation but here's kind of the big idea the effects of changing your Niche so you're making one kind of content if it was extreme you're doing like gardening videos and then you're like you know what I'm going to do Minecraft tutorials or like playthroughs That's pretty drastic but you know that could be a niche change and so I think it's not only how fast do you change your Niche but how dramatic is the change one of the big Ideas if you is you got to ask yourself is your YouTube channel more topic oriented or is it more person oriented if you're building a personal brand well if they're subscribing for you and you start to evolve they still might leave but that's the reason they subscribed your personal brand you know our Channel think media where this video is living is certainly maybe somewhat connected to my personal brand but we've had multiple creators on this channel we've had people that are incredible over the years contribute to our content here many have started their own projects we have new creators shoot maybe someday you want to be a Creator at think media uh let us know but ultim Ely this is a topic channel that has made a promise of helping you with the best tools video gear software how to edit create content cameras and tips how to get views and then relate those tools to YouTube specifically but social media in general so I would say that it's kind of a hybrid but it's topic like think media is topic now a personal brand here's one of the examples that did this successfully is PewDiePie any PewDiePie fans when like he was really in the flow and he started shows like meme review and Pew news and he was going like 5 days a week and he became more like kind of cultural commentary humor I wouldn't watch his gameplay videos but that whole era of PewDiePie I was pretty into you know another example is Catherine Manning she said that changing my Niche was the best thing I did and so you hear examples where this can really be done successfully but if you do it wrong it could spell disaster so let's dive into some tips to consider so these are just a few things to think about and the first one is never upload videos your subscribers didn't subscribe for ask yourself why did people subscribe in the first place what is what videos or what topics what was the reason that motivated them to subscribe the problem with changing your Niche is if they clicked subscribe for Tech videos for Content creators that's this channel think media what's the best camera for YouTube what's the best lens for YouTube now if we were to upload a video on how to you know really clean your tires or do your car maintenance and make your car super shiny it's kind of off brand you know that would be a video that the subscribers on thick media did not subscribe for and so I think that's a big principle to think about where did you get your 7,000 subscribers you know John who asked this question why did they click sub describe For What and how radical is the pivot going to be into the next thing the second tip is did they sub for you or did they sub for a niche topic we kind of talked about that at the big idea I looked at your channel John and I think people are following you for your commentary your Channel's named after you and so there's a personal brand your perspective your way of thinking if you only have a couple hundred subscribers maybe even a couple thousand like I don't think the stakes are that high but if you have 7,000 it's pretty significant if you've got 10,000 50,000 or beyond for a topic you might want to be careful changing the topics like if you had a if we called think media like think camera reviews and got to 50,000 subscribers on videos about camera reviews and then just decided you know what I'm sick of it and I'm going to start reviewing bikes and giving tips for people that are cycling around the world it's different it's probably needs to be a new channel let's hit number three how related is the new Niche so what's interesting about this if you go from narrow to broader but it's related I think absolutely just change you know that works because it's still aligned using think media as an example we do a series about social media it's on brand but you might think of this channel as like heavy YouTube well YouTubers should do social media at some point perhaps if you want to and so it's related you could say that online marketing is related and even maybe building an online business so so there's may be sort of staying in line of what is your intent why are you here on think media actually I'd love to know in the comments now number four your first option is to just rip the Band-Aid off abruptly cuz you ask should I do it gradually or abrupt abruptly I think you just ripped the Band-Aid off and some of this is a self-awareness question cuz we could debate all day long about like why did your subscribers just you know subscribe and what do they want next but there's a point in time where content creators sometimes burn out you just burn out you're sick of it you're tired and you're sick of your previous topic you're just ready to change well then who cares about everything else I mean even if results suffer you have lost all passion for your previous Niche you might as well go to the new one you could just do it you could just rip the Band-Aid off and see what happens and so uh I also think that testing and experimenting is not a bad idea so why not upload a political video just rip the Band-Aid off just do it like don't overthink it that's your first option your second option is to transition into to the new Niche gradually and this could potentially just be good branding like I have a background in church I got to see like sometimes you have like maybe the lead Pastor a senior pastor and he's going to transition to his son or a new pastor and that's a big transition especially if you've like been learning from somebody and maybe they did your wedding and all this stuff it's like whoa dud there somebody new it's a different style so what they will do is they will maybe have the new person overlap while the main guy is still the lead Pastor there's somebody else who starts teaching every once in a while and people get to know them over a period of time it's just up to you to potentially maybe like bring your audience along with you educate them I'm going to try out a new series maybe you try it out maybe you stop doing it you experiment like hey you know in the video you you go typically we're talking about this on the channel but we're going to try this on Fridays like and depending on how gauge your audiences you just kind of see what happens that would be the transition mindset this is actually one of my favorite topics in the sense of what is your Niche what is your channel topic what is your channel theme we actually have a a course called Niche Finder and a lot of the people in our community that have taken it it's been their favorite thing even if they're more advanced because it's just a big deal to nail your Niche I think even before do I just change my Niche really think it through what are you trying to achieve who are you trying to reach what are your bigger goals why are you changing and what would be the most strategic way to do this the third option is you could start a new channel like I really started getting into running and marathons and so that's what I want to talk about on YouTube now and like previous to that you were doing personal finance and you got 50,000 subscribers in personal finance or 5,000 subscribers like it's like running is radically different in your case since contextualizing this advice John I'm good with you going abrupt and really just doing tests but if you're watching this thinking about should you pivot your Niche and you do have momentum and you are established and it's going to be kind of radical you might want to just start a new channel and so I do have one more tip number seven and that is unlist or private your old or unrelated videos and then lean hard into your fresh new brand one other thing to consider here is if you're going to go a new direction and you filtered your decision by everything we've talked about then potentially clean up your channel Rebrand your Channel unlist all or just any unrelated videos especially by the way one of the most biggest mistakes I see people make is they actually do kind of Rebrand their Channel but there's this one or two or three videos that like still get views and still get subscribers the problem is you finally got serious about YouTube and you branded your channel right but there's that one video in your real-time views and it was you like filming a Backstreet Boys concert 10 years ago and like people still watch watch the clip and you're like that video still gets views and it gets me subscribers but you go you got to ask yourself like are those the subscribers you want like is that what your channel is about now and so sometimes if you're going to Pivot you might want to unlist or private your old videos that are attracting the wrong subscribers for the new thing and clean up your channel bottom line when you said should I transition my Niche gradually or abruptly in my opinion two things get Fierce clarity on your vision what are you trying to achieve on YouTube who is your channel for what problem does it solve what does winning look like for you what is your YouTube money plan what is your YouTube business plan if we were having this conversation 3 years from now what would have had to happen on your YouTube channel in your online business and in your personal life for you to say Sean I'm Blown Away with the results like I set all my goals and I hit all of them what would have to have happened from 3 years from now if you just crushed all of your goals most people aren't sure which shows how much lack of clarity there can often be there's something about being clear about this is what the YouTube channel is about and this is and and being clear in your branding and your marketing and that's hard work it takes a lot of hard work to to to get that Fierce Clarity so if I was going to go between gradual and abrupt step one get Fierce clarity about what it is you want to achieve and what your YouTube channel is about and then step two run after that thing as hard as you can once you decide to do it no matter how painful it is you just got to rip the Band-Aid off you just got to do it you just go hard after the Clear Vision that you've set and then consider that it might suck and be painful for week one week two it might be painful for 6 months but where do you want to be in 3 years what's the brand that you want to build in 5 years that's what I want to encourage you and if you're watching this and you got value like get clear on where you're going make those strategic decisions and then just go hard go as hard as you can on the new Niche new message new brand and dial in that branding and run with it

  Top Comments:
  1. @ThinkMediaTV [13 likes]: Why do you watch Think Media? Let me know below! ⬇
🔥Find Your Niche Now! ➡ http://www.tubenichefinder.com
  2. @gustavomonjephd [3 likes]: Thank you. I think a helpful video topic would be how to rekindle your YouTube channel when you’ve been away for over a year and you want to come back with a new name or brand.
  3. @ladyesther [1 likes]: I guess I don't have anything to lose. I just thought of this today. What I don't like is being an advertisement. I'm not sure what I would change it to. I do not like sales and marketing at all. IDK. I did gain an experience from trying though.
  4. @haque_talk: If I started a YouTube channel but want to shift into a different niche with a new brand name, especially as part of a broader business with a blog, newsletter, and more, should I rename my existing channel or start a new one? Also, should I keep using my current YouTube account, or create a separate account for the new brand and build everything under that email account?
  5. @vetistasglobal2374: I'm currently doing content on study abroad and as it stands now, I am worn-out. The problem with study abroad videos is that they expire and YouTube refuses to watch them after an application deadline. I've decided to change my channel niche but instead of changing it entirely, I want to merge it with another niche. With that, I do not really have to delete the old ones but I have to create more videos of the new niches to make it work. 

I hope this works though.
  6. @Scarbeast2-r: I’m trying to change mine but I don’t know if I would delete old videos to make the algorithm understand my new content
  7. @MindVerseAI-n2q: i am a small creator wanting to shift my niche 😊
  8. @TCOYChannel: Do I make old content private?
  9. @pathto-mre: Interested in children songs and videos
  10. @Razuhdazzah: Hey Think Media! I have been watching your channel for years. And I am in a predicament, I have 1.2k subs, and less than 4k watch hours so no monetization. I have gathered my subs from the automotive repair niche. Here is my predicament; I love working on cars, but with my 9-5, a toddler, and life, it is hard to throw money, and time at working on my project vehicles. I am however interested in the niche of self growth and emotion, values, becoming a better person, travel, family time, overlanding, etc the list goes on. But where I am torn is, I eventually want to post more automotive videos, once I can afford to, and I am able to buy some of my time back. Any insight or clarification ?? Thansk as always!
  11. @betterstrange: Well it didn't man rip
  12. @meloneyShorts: took 9 minute to get to the point
thanks your useless
  13. @saurabhbhartiya9834: very good information . finally right answer
  14. @hollie5467: Ty ❤
  15. @HiddenEarth-history: did,t  get views
  16. @HiddenEarth-history: i did  work very hard but vedeo did,t get vedeos,thats why i want to chage the  niche
  17. @chira1: Great info, exactly what I needed. Thx!
  18. @TheDadModeActivated: So I don’t know if this will get a reply, but my channel has multiple niches, my main focus is being a Dad and helping other dads, telling Dad Jokes is a subset of that, but I also tell stories of grief and loss and my journey. But I also lean in on my military experience to help the younger generation. I have plenty of content of each niche, I dont really want to start another channel, will talking about multiple things hurt my channel?
  19. @howzitstudios: I changed my niche 2 weeks ago, from a gospel fan channel (followed and musician who doesn't do much) to a gospel music theological analysis, I privated all videos, rebranded. Woah it's hit me hard, hardly getting views. The algorithm is taking a while. I am giving myself 20 videos at least before I check the analytics.
  20. @cagsx: My Channel has grown gradually. I started making forklift driving videos because where i used to work before i was on the machines about 6 hours a day. I have bit 3000 subs. channel is monitized but it is not making money anymore. I have been thinking on changing my nieche but i have no idea how to. Some tips would be amazing in my case. I thought about starting making shorts on this channel and ditching my current videos that do not generate anymore income. best one used to make a bit over 100$ a month but now its like 30 - 50$ month. Little help please hah Thanks!!

- Which Niche SHOULD You Choose?: Kind: captions Language: en welcome back to the only podcast that has a regular rotation of guests and hosts that you all love equally of course I'm here Travis and and yeah she's back back again I'm back back again Jenna's back guess who's back she's my friend I was wonder where that one was back yeah so anyway Jen's back we know that you you love it when uh everyone else is on but you know you love it best when Jen is here and I do as well so Jen I will openly accept the honor of being the favorite of course you don't have to pull my arm as you should because you are watch all the comments come in on the YouTube channel talking about how Jen is the favorite uh if you're new to the channel and new to the podcast we welcome you this is tube talkthe boost and uh we love to tell you guys and gals how to grow your YouTube channels and we do that through well lots of different means today we'll be answering some of the emails that have been sent into us and then also giving our thoughts about that and other various things we've also started a candy War uh inadvertently uh over the course of the last couple of months and that has gone if you don't know what that is you got to go back and listen to the old podcast episodes that's how it works what you got to do all right so let's get to the first message from you the viewer The Listener uh this first one will come from the text message uh line which if you're listening to the audio only podcast in the show notes there's a link that you can click to text us and this is from Jacob he's a filmmaker from Austin Texas hey Jen and Travis love listening to your show and been listening for a while but I wanted to finally reach out and ask a question oh so nice I struggle with deciding what to do that will actually grow on YouTube fair I think most of us do hello as I'm sure that many creatives struggle with this yes indeed they do by by the way Jen this just reminds me um last week I'll have to you have to watch the recorded the I think it's on the main channel one of the people had us wanted you to read the email I just realized that and I like Jen's not here and on the video on the YouTube channel on the main Channel there's like this so I'm like sorry you got to deal with it I'm reading it that should happen every time um you have to introduce someone that's not me I need to yeah I need to just say their name immediately followed by that sound effect I'm going to put that sound effect up for sure I have a hard time picking up the right thing I currently do comedy sketches and are sitting around 350 subscribers and working on finding my niche in that world but I also have other ideas of doing film making tutorials podcasts on film making or even a channel on my fitness journey as I lose weight after the military what is your guidance for really really focusing in on the one thing of something that you're passionate about but could also be a sustainable YouTube channel in business also I love candy corn oh yes well you miss I didn't see that coming I thought it was going to be and also something like nice about the podcast or something well last week you missed the the the amazing one that I ended up laughing at uh where they they said candy corn isn't actually a thing like there's no possible anyone could ever that was great anyway oh my gosh I got to go back and I got to go back and watch that anyway so basically they're saying you know they have this channel they do comedy skits and such and they're just trying to figure out what quote the right thing is and he has a lot of different desires film making tutorials podcast on film making a fitness journey look when you're new this big one that's a big one I could say this is the greatest problem to have is a creative and it is so so common I get so many people in who have ideas like this that Branch out even further and like what do you do this is a big question let me actually matter of fact for the editor I'm going to write this down we're going to make this into a video because I think this question is so big it's like what Niche should you Niche down into like what should your Niche be because that's kind of what this question is right that's basically what it is how does someone who is like truly a diverse creative pick how how how how how and what I'm going to go ahead real quick and made a reminder of this okay so basically this in the editor you can kind of take the parts where I read from the email and then go right into this so how do you pick what Niche you're in and this particular Creator like they said Jen they're into so many different things we hear this question all the time through emails from all of the listeners here on the show um and the the answer is is usually the same but in this particular case the interests that they're passionate about are are varied so it's like the weight loss thing making filmmaking tutorials uh at what point do you think that they should really start niching down and making it about one thing rather than all of these things on their Channel this is a tough one and then number one I'll I number one thing I'll say to not do is do not start all of these channels right now right please right please don't do that to yourself these all yes in best practice should be different channels and I love like a little glimpse into the future of people like this where I'm like if you stick to it I know you're going to have channels for all these things but sticking to it with that first you know we'll call it an experimental topic is the trickiest part not only is it your intro to YouTube it's your intro to patience of YouTube as well as is just finding your style through video after video after video um and then you know seeing what happens from there it's a consistency of sticking to one of those things that you pick what do you actually pick I mean that comes down to you as a person weigh out you know what are you truly truly passionate about is weight loss just something that you're just doing right now are you a total like gym rat and you're in the gym and you're just constantly researching and trying trying new you know Fitness splits and stuff I don't know if I even use that term correctly what is a fitness split Fitness split I'm pretty sure that's a thing oh my God I don't even know like I'm like 90% sure it's a thing whether I said it right or not I don't know I should not start a fitness channel see don't do that Jen don't do that to yourself Fitness split so you have to decide like what has longevity to it what is something that you're going to be able to create different variations of content about and this is like the thinking part it's easy to dive in and just start testing all these things out but when you go to test something you need to actually test it you got to give it I'm goingon to say six months Travis what are you GNA say so this particular Creator is in a situation that a lot of other creators who watch this channel are in small creators that are under you know 500 subscribers they're trying different things they like different things but they don't know like what should they Niche down into because they're passionate about all these different things and as YouTube will typically tell you and we we try to tell you too um niching down is really for the purpose of growing your channel doesn't mean you don't actually have to Niche down as long as your expectations are in line with what that means which means you'll have some videos that get a lot of views and some videos that get almost no views that's just the expectation but if you're trying to grow a channel and exactly what this Creator says is that they want to make it a business and all this other stuff they have to look at something that a is something that they are really passionate about and they can see themselves making videos on for years to come hundreds of videos about the same basic subject over and over you make it sound like a trap and over and over again now once you figured that out you can do some research on YouTube and see what other type of creators are growing in that space and if they're successful some niches don't have like large creators they might cap out like 20 or 30,000 subscribers and that might be it that might be the top of where the interest is the total addressable Market the cam as they call it um and others will have larger ones where you have millions of subscriber channels out there so once you figure out that and you're like yeah I like this for example Fitness now of course Fitness is huge you're absolutely going to be able to create a channel that is very successful in Fitness if you do all the right things so now your next step is look at who's successful in there look at the time that they're putting into their Channel very likely it will be intimidating and it should be intimidating because if you're trying to make this a full-time thing you need to make sure that you are 100% behind it if none of that scares you you look at these successful channels and you're like I can do that great start to make a plan of the type of content that is working on the channels especially smaller channels in that Niche and start making your own version of those videos which means thumbnails titles topics the way you're going to do it how your editing is going to look all of those things are things you should be writing down before you even start to do it I know most creators are like I just want to do it fine but again your expectations should be in line with the work you're putting in if you're putting in extra work to really figure out what works on YouTube and then do that thing your expectation is it should perform pretty well if you're just randomly putting stuff up then you should put the expectation that random things are going to happen to your views sometimes will be okay sometimes not so much that's the truth plus you don't have to think of you know niching down as like I you know I I do hear this from a lot of creators well I don't want to get stuck in that I don't want to do that forever and then never you know be able to do anything else and that's not necessarily the case if you think about even just like using this fitness channel as an example there are so many kinds of Fitness channels it is mind-blowing the type of Fitness content that you want to make is where you can go and explore with you know what do you actually want to make are you focusing on you know your routines of uh bulking and cutting are you actually you know making routines for people to follow along with are you focusing more on the nutritional side of things like there is almost like an infinite amount of places that you can go and this is why you know so many channels are super successful they're all offering slightly different values but that's where you creatively get to experiment and see you know what feels right what do you like to create what do you enjoy creating especially in the beginning stages and then once you kind of figure out I like this this felt good the repetition is so so important but the experimental process of trying to figure that out is kind of the fun part but also totally normal for videos to Flop videos to do you know better than others this is when you figure that out because once you figure that out and you're like go go go things will be you know pretty smooth sailing and the other side of this is of course if you want it to be your job is like money let's be honest money right RPMs across these different Nation will will kind of give you certain amounts of cash directly from YouTube but I will say that actually the two that we've talked about here Fitness and then he said also about film making film making has great RPMs but forget about all that with both filmmaking and weight loss you can actually create your own digital um product which would be a lot more lucrative than just whatever you get from YouTube creating your own product uh definitely can get you from your 9o5 to having your YouTube Dream Come much faster and some people like I don't know how to do that I don't know if I sell there are plenty of ways to do this and don't get worried about it right now but what I'm saying is is the these are um niches that will actually get you into quote full-time YouTuber status faster than something like reviewing uh you know toys or something which may get you a whole bunch of toys from manufacturers but may not be paying the bills at the end of the month with something like photography or film making you're actually talking to people who have disposable income to pursue these things and they may want to purchase either um affiliate sale products that you might have links to like camera and stuff which you can definitely make great money off of that or in the case of uh weight loss if you create your own weight loss program and maybe even coach people to to lose weight like you did you can make a lot more money a lot faster with a lot less subscribers I know a lot of uh channels out there that have made their own businesses and are full-time at under 30,000 subscribers which if you try to do that with just AdSense money it's incredibly difficult across most niches and actually impossible across many so something to really consider that those two niches this particular Creator talked about totally uh viable for a full-time career so what Niche should you choose well as we said there's a couple things to think about number one uh is it something you're truly passionate about if you are then look on YouTube are they successful niches if they are amazing you can start doing your research as to how to make your content even more successful and of course perhaps the most important thing are you good at it we've seen some people make channels on things they're not good at if Travis had to make a Channel about how to sew no matter how I was just going to say that why did you say sewing because I'm in your brain I I was literally just going to say Travis tries sewing because I'm I'm tapped in I'm tapped into your brain you don't know this I was a former magician people don't know this this is actually a true story this is a true story I'm actually a former magician anyway back to what I is saying uh if Travis tries sewing I'm going to tell you right now no matter how much knowledge I have about how the niche works it's not going to be genuine people are going to see right through it and they're not going to subscribe to my channel but you guys out there are great we'd love to hear more from you leave us a comment below as to what type of Niche you should uh get into and what you're into and tell us about your success stories and we'll see you in the next one all right and we ended that one like like that's good that was pretty good pretty good beautiful yeah but uh yeah I did read your mind that was so weird cuz I literally t my sister this morning and was like Hey can you ship me my sewing machine please so like I'm telling you like that's super weird I'm not going to say nothing I'm going to keep Mo move on because that's pretty interesting I didn't know you did that we did not have that conversation before we started recording we did not and some people are going to be listening to this going nah they talk nope wow that Jen was gone for a little over a week we didn't talk then we barely talked earlier this week we didn't talk about any and before we started this we didn't really talk at all we just said hey I'll talk to you on the podcast I didn't know she did that that's super weird cuz your only example is cake that's the only one I ever do so like where so what's what's sewing about we're connected Jen it's too late it's over we share one brain now I love it okay this next message uh is from someone in Oregon hey how do you rooting shoting internet strangers it's Jonah again I have a question question number one uh I have a channel name idea I need a YouTube channel name that's short easy to search and something people would remember okay before I continue on hold on I was going to say can we nip it in the bud right there go ahead we're not searching Channel names not typically unless you yeah not typically but I understand what they're saying you wanted to be memorable I mean like yeah but like search I don't I also hear this a lot like some of that's going to be searched like you'll be found don't worry yeah if you're doing good content you'll be found but that's not how your channel is going to get discovered no not how it discovered but maybe there is a there is a point to have a good s catchy name let's see what they say about this I also want to make videos that are crazy hilarious therefore I thought the name bananas okay no you don't want that I'm going to we'll talk about that here in a second but when I look up the name there dozens upon dozens of CH there we go okay channel that okay so there we go so I know that bananas is not an option okay I'm glad that they figured that out before they sent the message I also know that my current name the happy Channel also has dozen of replicas but I need to find a name before I'm stuck forever I thought about using my personal name as a YouTube channel name but I'm not sure do you have any other ideas bite the hype was a little lacking vid iq's AI hasn't been helping much uh recently I posted a YouTube short where I went to Target and bought Ryan Tran's new Candy Joy Ride and it got 67,000 views 100 subscribers and 97% retention rate that's amazing beauti congratulations also I love the podcast I used to listen to when I was a parttime janitorial job he bu the great work um and there you go so channel name we actually did a video about Channel names a while back I forget what we said but you know what would be a uh so again for example they did this you know he he went in and he tried the Joy Ride thing so when I had to come up with a name for my secondary channel that uh I did for a while called Travis tries the world I think it just it was just me wanting to try different things in the world that was the whole point of it so it's pretty easy um in a case like this where it's like a comedy it's not even like a comedy skit thing because he wanted to try food here I don't remember if that's what the overall channel is but um what are your thoughts like what would be a for like a fun I feel like we came up with actual examples for this we may have crater did we last time it's sounding familiar I do feel like the examples were um kind of corny and funny but there were examples I feel like there were examples this is a this is a tough one because this is something I mean you're not locked into it forever like you could change your name I mean I just saw a Creator like within the past couple months that changed their name with millions of subscribers it's not something in my opinion that is like super noticeable about a channel like people are watching from video to video basis they're looking at the title they're looking at the thumbnail the value that you deliver if you become you know a face on your thumbnails and a personality of the brand you're just recognizable like by the image and stuff is the name the most important thing of the channel I say like absolutely not right like that's just my opinion absolutely not I think that you know you want it to feel good you want to feel good about it but I would just come up with something and you know if you keep coming up with something better and funnier down the road then just change it yeah absolutely okay so now we got an email here um and again if you want to send us an email it's the Boost VI iq.com I should probably mention at this point there's one more episode uh for the end of 2024 which will be next week the likelihood of us getting any emails before that episode is kind of slim so the only way that would happen is if between the recording that we're making today which is on a Thursday and the Monday when we shoot the next video if someone happens to email then we'll answer it on that episode that episode is going to be the end of the year episode It's amazing me Jen Rob Wilson and John who some people have been asking to come on the show will be here all talking about the end of the year all the amazing things it will probably be a lot of shenanigans but we will also talk about YouTube growth but a lot of shenanigans are going to happen I'm pretty positive it's going to be so fun I don't think I've ever recorded with John before no it's so for those who don't know John uh does a lot of stuff on the main vid IQ Channel but I know John because he was uh my editor on the Trav the world channel so very excited to to do that that'll be next week uh so definitely get hyped about that um it might even be a slightly longer episode I don't know but regardless um it'll also be on the main vid IQ Channel as well which is we're trying something kind of fun there for that very exciting times again so we won't be able to do a lot of emails uh at all and then then we won't be back till I think the 6th I think something like that so you know we'll enjoy the holiday uh season all right here we go Travis and Jen Merry Christmas thank Merry Christmas appreciate that below you'll find some information about my channel this email is going to be long but juicy please bear with me all right well we'll we'll get through as much as we can many people would write you saying something like YouTube hates me but not me because I'd like to sound like I because then I'd sound like a beginner or a loser I'll just say I'm I'm puzzled all right Fair realistic I love that I've been playing the internet gamees since Al Gore invented it back in 1990 just joking for those who don't know that just Google it just Google Al Gore and internet and you'll you'll see anyway uh so all my oh my God so all my videos have Su optimize title description tags and thumbnails even the file names of my thumbnails and are optimized includes excuse me my main keywords I always frontload my keywords whenever possible try to maintain a reasonable keyword density I understand that this won't help as far as recommendation goes but it should help from a search perspective I'm a communicator by trade a hold a master's degree in Business Communications so I understand the importance of writing copy that sounds natural in spite of all the A4 mentioned acts many of my uh videos aren't being indexed and no I didn't upload them as private let me give you an example my last two videos were about the towns of Nago nagaba and siia on the uh Southeastern coast of Puerto Rico I understand that these are obscure towns that located to a very small total adjustable Market but if I put my browser in incognito mode and search for a specific search term that I would rank for as expressed by viq in the cases uh blah blah blah nothing comes up and if I search Google I get the same result it's like YouTube isn't indexing my videos at all this doesn't happen with all my videos but it does happen with many of them to put it mildly I'm perplexed it's one of those situations where you feel like you've done anything right yet things aren't working I mean if the algorithm did hate me my videos would show up when I conduct for a specific search okay any ideas all right so a couple of things I've done a video and I think it's really important to watch in this particular case as to how YouTube search actually works it's it's on the main Channel I forget what I named it which is probably making it very hard I'll look it up while we're talking I think it's like how search actually works it it was but I might have changed the name because it wasn't getting a whole bu I think some people think they don't care about that subject even though they probably should even though they do even though they do um so let me find the video name first uh because I I want you to watch that video because the point of that video yeah how well I changed the name to how I ranked number one in YouTube search without making a video that's the name of it on the main Channel now um and this true I I was able to rank for a search term that I never made a video on because I understand how YouTube search works and I talk about it pretty explicitly in this video so I'm not going to uh go over that again I I I just briefly touch on it but the reality is this uh it's not necessarily YouTube isn't indexing your videos uh it has more to do with um the way YouTube search works uh which and I'm if I quickly look at your channel which is like it it's a a Channel about Puerto Rico right um it's going to have a lot more to do with uh the videos that people have watched before the video that you have first so in other words YouTube will try to figure out what the the video is about but without any views it's going to have a hard time so what it's going to look at are people coming to that video usually through browser or something what they watched before and then start to to try to figure out between that the close caption and some other things what the video is actually about the SEO part as far as like trying to keyword stuff titles and stuff which I'm not saying you're doing that so many people did that for so long that it doesn't work the same way it used to like once upon a time you just put SEO words blah blah but as proven by my video you you can rank for something that has nothing to do with what the video is about so don't don't get obsessed with um so I know understand what you're saying like C IBA for the people that live in Puerto Rico in that swn I'm really sorry I obviously Mercy destroyed the pronunciation of that that particular place but you know to say well my video doesn't come up if I put it in there I get that I understand um but the reality is it's probably because not enough people have come to that video to your channel that have not already watched something else versus everything else that's coming up in search so when I search for that I notice that there are a lot of videos It's not that there's no videos about this particular town and yours is not there there are videos um you know with that are about this town some of which are by larger channels they get a lot more views so YouTube kind of understands where where they belong now all that to also say even if right now it's not ranking in search that that does not mean it will never rank in search for those Search terms and doesn't mean you should expect it to happen right away sometimes it happens right away sometimes it takes months or years um so don't give up on that don't think that it's something that will never change because if you're making good content about the thing that you're doing the keywords for it will change I mean inevitably it always does so with that being said uh anything you want to fill in for fill in the the blanks that I might have missed besides you want to go to Puerto Rico now I think I don't know maybe oh Puerto Rico seems Seems nice should we go record in Puerto Rico we should do a live episode Puerto Ric like and then see if we can get it to show up in search like that can we expense that well listen there's a new guy coming and we can try to finagle him try to finesse him for some money we'll see I think that patience is important like you said I just had a Creator whose video um a year later got picked up in external her traffic from Google and was getting a ton of views on this particular video turns out we had to unlist it cuz it was so irrelevant to the channel now but what it happens it happens it just goes to show like that video was not even super relevant to the direction this Creator was in now but it was picked up on Google and it was getting a lot of views from people searching it so a year later and I think there's there's a thing that's said here uh by this Creator named Orlando that I think is really important they say they understand that um the total adjustable Market here is not as big so you also have to remember that directly um impacts the searchability and YouTube figuring out what this video is really about even if you are using the same terms because again and and I I'll say this again you got to watch the video it isn't always about matching the word with what someone searches for the only thing YouTube really cares about is when someone for as far as the search part goes if they type something in what they want to watch next and what they want to watch next might have nothing to do with that word I know that sounds confusing go watch the video and it'll all make sense but thank you for the email Orlando we appreciate you we hope you have a merry Christmas as well all right we got another email from Ivan hello Jen Travis and the other vid ey crew candy corn enjoyers that may or may not be present over the last several months my channel has not been doing well that I post have not been getting over 20 views compared to several hundred views that I used to get and shorts I post have been getting less than 10 views compared to the minimum 7K views I used to get my Channel's been crawling at a snail's pace since uh since what it used to be and I've been trying everything I do to get it back up to its former glory the most recent thing I've done is been making a tutorial um series about Minecraft Redstone this is much easier than what I've tried before taking much less time as I've been uploading daily as opposed to every once every two weeks all once every few weeks oh problem the series really hasn't been doing well with more than 20 views on the best video I'd quit and move on to the next idea to see what works but there are two of my viewers who really like this series and comment on every video telling me okay I don't even think I need to go love Community I love that but you also have to look at it there's two of my view okay we love those two viewers probably they will watch other stuff but the question is should I go on to try something new uh and possibly find something that stick that allows my channel to grow again or should I continue with this rest of the series for my few uh loyal viewers did they say how long they were doing this series they didn't say they also said for context none of my other videos have many if any comments so that's interesting because that so that now I understand more about why they're so connected to these people that are on every video of this series and they where they say none of their other videos get many of any comments so then my question would be what is the traffic source for all those videos that all those views before now in the shorts not everyone leaves a comment on a short so you can have thousands of views and get almost no comments I get that but they said that you know previously I think their long form content was getting more views but not uh not comments which would indicate it could have been embedded somewhere or it could have been like in Google or YouTube search which tends to not have as many comments per view um I think it's possible that you the views have changed but maybe your audience hasn't which I know sounds weird you're like well 20 views versus thousands well you also have to think about like what dis and I don't want to call it disposable it's not the right word but you're doing informational content sounds like how to do this how to do that and a lot of times when people get those answers they're done they don't come back in order to grow and in order to you know see things continue on your channel you need to get people to come back for a reason you can do a how-to channel and have loyal viewers but it's because you're doing it in a certain way that makes you unique to others and the personality that comes across that makes people come back it's not necessarily how do I unclog my toilet today and how do I unclog my sink tomorrow like who cares but you have a plumbing issue you should probably call a plumber and get off YouTube this probably what it is Dro Drano might be your friend and a plunger definitely is your friend stop flushing the phone books down your toilet what are you doing um I think it's more like is Joe the plumber a cool guy that I want to hang out with on YouTube and he just has funny stories and stuff I think that's more of what it is you've had um like how-to channels and stuff right you've coached some how-to channels or whatnot or instructional what do you normally tell them I give them a lot of homework and a lot of books to read you know by the way your homework segment was pretty popular uh so we need to do that again at the end of this episode oh it's so funny I have a whole homework thing written up from my week off last week I gave all of my creators more homework than they could ever possibly accomplish in one week oh my gosh well listen we have optional optional homework but let me tell you every person who did you know one or more of the exercises had a massive like light bulb moment oh so so crazy so you know YouTube homework Works do okay well we're going to do that because we're going to have they're going to have a whole holiday to do the homework so uh let's not forget to do that before the end of this episode my fear is that we will forget probably but what what would you tell a how-to channel to to get a real loyal audience it's super important to you know understand the traffic is going to be different no matter what they need to study storytelling absolutely because there is a story behind every how too it's not just step by step by step it's the larger picture as to why are you teaching what you're teaching um and there's tons of just tons of story structure to study there I think that this is definitely a much more advanced thing on YouTube this is not something you're going to be able to tackle as you start a channel because you need to kind of figure out how to make content how to be in front of a camera how to you know even just get the how-to portion done but once you start to really lean into storytelling and the deeper you know the deeper story behind the howto and connecting with that audience learning how to connect the audience these are definitely more advanced skills that also take a long time to actually execute on and the first times are usually quite funny usually I very funny I I can even say that my first attempt at like you know intentional storytelling is probably one of the cringiest videos of my life oh well well well what no do tell tell us about it tell us about it storytelling okay storytelling is so funny because when you learn like story structures and you see like these big words like stakes and you know the climax of it you you think that the story all of a sudden has to be this like life or death moment you're like standing at the edge of a cliff and you're like do I jump into the ocean or not where it's like no not every video is like that where it's like you could just be you know learning how to use a smoker because you don't want to spend a lot of money um on takeout and you want to be able to make good food for a family picnic that you're hosting like it can be so simple as that but obviously there's going to be a lot of trial and error with you learning how to use said smoker and that's where you really get those ups and downs and that relatability everybody's failed at things everybody's gone through things so it's not necessarily how to use this smoker but it's the story of connecting those dots through that process um but it can be simple it it's often your first time trying to truly tell a story is overdone and hilarious I agree with this and I think that storytelling is can be um I don't want to say controversial but certainly uh intimidating but it is kind of necessary in some way because that's how humans get entertained is through storytelling and and the way to connect someone believe it or not like most things that you get really interested in there's some type of story behind them um and the arc and all that stuff is super important and we've talked about it here before we'll probably talking about it again in 2025 for sure because it is really important but again if you are a how-to or or educational Channel there is a way to get a loyal audience um tons of examples of that so just look at some of those really good examples and uh and you can see kind of what makes them so so loved uh I think it's easy easy to say like that okay here we go hey Jen Travis this is Andrew from superfit cosplay very excited to listen to the only podcast that debates different types of food in a healthy way my my question with Christmas Around the Corner is how do you both feel about eggnog okay here comes the next War here comes the next War what are you going to say I am freaking vegan there's no I don't eat eggn oh that's right I forgot you are okay it's literally like Dairy on eggs on Dairy on eggs I'm pretty sure it's pretty gross but that's not to say that I wouldn't like try I have no idea what it tastes like I've never had eggnog pre plant driven days I've literally just never had eggnog and obviously a plant-based version is not going to be a good representation of what it actually tastes like definitely not definitely not uh I am not a fan of eggn I might have tasted it once many a year ago and I'm just not interested in going back and seeing if that's changed for me it seems like it's basically Christmas snot is the way I think oh Christmas snot that's harsh I imagine it being like a custard but I think that's something I made up I don't you've literally just made that up in your mind like a delicious dessert like custard I that's what I imagine but like it probably doesn't taste like that no Christmas not is definitely a description yeah not you should email that to a couple companies for a marketing campaign I'm sure they'll love it buy our holiday snot by our God okay I'm going to throw up now okay that's not my real question although I'm curious uh because much like candy corn and Cadbury Eggs is not for everyone though I'm sorry Travis given the given the choice it's candy corn all the way although I really hope to never get any form of ants in my wallet or bag well burn okay burn on you you know this happens or it happened this the best of us okay I mean it happened to you so my question when looking at my have a question when I look at ad Revenue it tells me a certain number based on 10,000 views now this number fluctuates of course anywhere between 10 to 1212 per at the moment I don't know if they're talking about CPM or RPM there's a difference there my question most of my videos are getting anywhere between, 1500 and 5,000 views at the moment but the monetization does not reflect that as in 10 per 1,000 views would be a lot a lot more but sometimes those videos make less for example a 5,000 view video may only make me $ 20 or $30 which don't get me wrong is great it's a nice little bonus at the end of the month when I get the payment but I'm just wondering how it all works and and maybe I'll answer my own question okay so he's basically answering asking about monetization and Views now it's BEC and you might have heard me say this it depends on if you're saying CPM or RPM CPM is a number you'll never see in your wallet so you can almost ignore it because it it's not it is a real I don't even know why it's there yeah there's no point in US knowing much YouTube got paid for it cuz that's really what it is thanks YouTube you made this much money that's cool YouTube thank you that's I wish I knew I wish I could get some of that RPM is what you really want to look at that was uh that came out like maybe two years ago or so which is like the real amount of money that you make um that's also in your Revenue uh analytics which is really what they're paying you for because CPM is what they charge the advertiser and then of course YouTube takes their cut and then they send it down to you and you also have to remember after all of this this is never gets talked about but it's really important especially for people in the US that's untaxed which means you have to take the tax off top of that so people will go I made $10,000 a month no you didn't you made like seven or six uh and then you got to pay for your own insurance and then all the other stuff you ain't make all that money you think you did but you ain't you Ain make all that money YouTube rich ain't so rich they people think I can't wait to make my first thousand on YouTube you ain't make $1,000 on YouTube YouTube made $1,000 you made 500 of that and then the tax man came in and got another 150 himself so you got about 350 it's you know such a lucrative career you don't make all the money in the world now does it mean you can't make money of course you can of course all the money is course you can but yeah my assumption is you're looking at CPM and not RPM and that would throw you which is why I'm glad they added RPM just a couple years ago because it does give you a better indication of what you can get but also that even can fluctuate and stuff because the RPM is based on like how much how many views you had plus of the time uh plus the money paid and everything but the reality is uh rates can fluctuate on a day per day basis so that's why you never it's never really going to completely line up you just got to kind of trust YouTube which is a funny thing to say which is why again it's better to have your money coming in from other sources than just AdSense consider that the cherry on top of the cake but you got to make the cake yourself two questions left and this one says the ultimate question oh oh oh my Lord the ultimate question Jen are we ready for this I don't know we have brought our lives to this very gosh what if they ask about eggnog 2 that would be amazing let's find out hey guys my name is Wilson and my YouTube channel is a gaming channel that Travis and Rob recently audited it's called Wilson 108 I I don't remember I don't remember it I'm sorry I don't remember anything I examine a critique video games through various lenses such as analyzing how my girlfriend plays a particular title for oh I remember that uh believe it or not as the audit was taking place I was being laid off of my job of 5 years quite the timing oh I'm so sorry to hear that this has me mulling over a more existential question man are we ready for this I maybe we aren't ready for this yet this sounds like a question all right when should you just go for it oh I knew it was coming given my newly unemployed status and the fact my channel has experienced a a period of a huge relative growth the desire to take some time and fully Focus my channel has never been more poppable I'm just wondering if you guys have any general thoughts when it may be a wise time to attempting uh to turn YouTube from a side hustle to main hustle ultimately I know this question I can only answer for myself but I thought it'd be a fun one to chew on I think this is great it is a good question because I will tell you uh a after I have many friends that went from you know parttime and full-time course myself and and my other friends and they all we all did it at different times uh I think the lowest subscribe and again I only say subscriber not because that number means that's when it can happen for you because it doesn't but just to show you the difference I know a friend of mine went full-time at under 50,000 subscribers uh I've heard of one in my ancillary part of my circle that was like 15 and most people I know was over 100,000 so as you can see there's a wide SWA of like that's why the subscriber number itself is kind of irrelevant if your content is able to make decent money in all of the ways which includes things like affiliate deals and stuff uh uh Roberto Blake actually has like a number he said something like if you can save up at least three to three and a half months worth of of uh your normal uh budget that you'd have to spend the live then you could probably try full-time I know some people that are in the exact same scenario as this Creator they got laid off and they're like I'm going full bore and it worked I also know there are some people that were in the same situation that went full boore and it didn't work I say while you're waiting to find another job Go full bore for for the days that you're laid off for as long as this takes for you to find another full-time job Go full boore and then see what happens and if it so happens that you're fine in YouTube land without the other job and you get offered a job you're like I don't need that job anymore then you've done it but if you go full bore for like three months and you finally get a job offer and you're like this did not work you're not at anything I feel like my advice would be the same there's so many things I feel like we've been touched on a lot of this stuff in the last answer but there's so many things that you have to account for when it comes to being full-time on YouTube I would say most people can't comfortably do it like you can hustle and make it happen for sure but comfortably with you know things like insurance and taxes it's you know stuff like that makes it out to be you need a lot more and it also is the you know mental shift of like this is now your job losing creativity because of that chasing views because of that having it be a really toxic work environment because of that there's a lot of things that happen when you know a side hustle like this or something that you just enjoy doing that brings in some extra money turns into your full-time position and it can go really well or really bad it really can there's an uncertainty um I know a few people who have gone full-time and you know it worked and then it doesn't work every channel is going to have its ups and downs and the Downs are rough because you don't have any control over it yeah and that's like a really hard part about being on the platform which is why I say like you have to be above comfortable so that when that time happens because I promise you it's coming you're still doing okay and like you still have the means that you need or would have had with another job you know opportunity what can complicate this is where you are in your life if you're living at home you're a younger person then that's fine you probably can just go you know for everything for as long as you can uh if you're married with kids your you know your string might not be as long as others you know you might not have as much rope to to kind of give it a shot with so it really again depends on your situation I think you look at what you can get away with and give it give it your all right now because right now you said you're unemployed so right now just go for it just really absolutely live that life right now this is your moment to go for it and if you just make your channel that much bigger like that's incredible you had all of this time to dedicate to now raising what your minimum views were yes even if you work you get another job in like 3 months like Travis said like great now you're just earning that much more money and have grown your channel that much more successfully dedicating all that time to it while you have it yep 100% there's no loss from doing that it's the way to do it all right our final email of the day has perhaps one of the best subject lines ever better than the ultimate yeah uh here it is German sausage needs candy advice and more H H here we go dear Travis and Jen and or lovely guest love your podcast I'm from Germany and I have two important questions that's the German sausage joke right okay number one most important which candy do you recommend to order from America worth trying this is a great question because we are of course a candy podcast um so I don't know what's available in Germany Oh I thought we were getting options I thought they were like like in a list a they're literally asking us which candies should they order yeah well I don't what I don't know what they don't have in Germany I don't either but I'm just going to go ahead and throw out a couple things that I like okay and then this way I'm good number one my favorite candy bar I would say is uh is Three Musketeers I imagine they might have that there York Peppermint Patty is also awesome if you're like pepp actually you know what they definitely don't have what Milky Ways milky ways are pretty good you know what I really like are like bunch of crunch which you usually get in a movie theater mhm uh and the Cookie Dough Bites that you also get at movie theaters so those would be the disgusting Travis that's lit you talking that's disgusting disgusting stop it how are you going to call me disgusting you eat candy corn which is just wax they just take candles and make little triangles out of them it's ridiculous that's delicious that's 100% delicious the Cookie Dough Bites are repulsive so what are you what are you suggesting besides whatever you just said I'm tryers are not bad they're different but I don't even know if I know that well my grandfather used to eat them they're pretty decent but go ahead sorry um give them four four candies I'm trying to think like Classics I would say like sour patch watermelons oh my gosh I like sour candies um okay those are those are amazing can't I'm like I don't know if they don't have nerds would nerds for because I mean nerds are like that's old school They even exist anymore nerds yeah nerds they have those like cluster things now of like nerds Sour Patch Kids I think is probably something Sour Patch Kids any variation yeah for sure fantastic candy but I do feel like that's I feel like that's pretty popular candy you know it was my favorite in the entire world which actually they might have in Germany that they don't have here now what's that crispy M&M's yes those were good crispy M&M's were my alltime favorite so interestingly I I actually didn't know this email was coming in I could have asked because Alexi lives in Germany so I could have asked ask Alexi if I'm ask him after this they still have crisp M&M's over there all right his second question I'm going to create a new channel because my first channel is focused on teaching German students everything about business administration almost 10,000 subscribers and over 1,400 videos thanks to you oh amazing well we definitely didn't help you make 1,400 videos holy monkey crazy that's insane okay here we go the new channel is going to teach University graduates how to solve case studies little tests during the application process this is most common if you applying for a business consulting job for example however my plan is to shoot the videos in German because there' be almost no competition for it and is my mother tongue now I'm wondering if I use AI tools to translate to English most of them are talking head or showing graphs should I create another channel for the English content and upload the same English content on the German Channel or should I rely on YouTube translation option which right now is pretty bad what do you think makes the most sense for my growth best wishes uh from uh Germany from and okay look he doesn't speak English right he said it would be he says okay well obviously he speaks English He emailed us in English but but it said that the channel would not be in English well ini or something he's going to shoot his videos in German because there's no competition for that so I think that's very smart uh in Germany I think English is a is a pretty predominant language most I think most people do but for the people who don't this is good YouTube is spending a lot of money on their autot translate thing so I'm not going to poo poo it because my guess is at some point it's going to be very good is it great now uh hit or miss right so then what happens in the future what we don't know and this is why this this answer I can't give like a solid answer right now because what we don't know is how long it's going to take for it is good and how it's going to affect how recommendations work cross language barrier we don't know if English videos will finally start being recommended to countries that don't speak English but because the translation is good they get the same kind of experience we don't know that if YouTube does the job correctly what they want you to do is make one video and they will take care of everything else so assuming that that ends up being the case you shouldn't have to do anything having said that not everything does YouTube does works all the way in my opinion right now since it's just you're just starting this new channel just do the German thing right just do that thing you can you know you could let the translate thing do its translation thing but I would wait because there is the possibility YouTube Nails this and then you don't have to do it anything and your main Channel just gets extra views um and you can always keep an eye on the um the CC portion the close captioning person of your analytics to tell you whether people are using the translation or not and I think maybe at some point when the the audio by the way people don't know um YouTube is coming out with this translation thing that'll do the voices so it's not just you know close captioning it's like actual voices that are translated and it's pretty good when they've shown the examples I assume they'll have analytics for those as well when that completely rolls out thoughts Jim I I I have um I've had autod dubbing enabled except I I don't speak German so I don't know if it's accurate they should check out your channel and find out I'm just kidding can you tell us this I have no idea how to tell if it's doing a good job or not but I do sound pretty cool um as a German woman that's pretty cool Alexi can check it out he'll be able to tell you like so so funny um um but I mean I I don't know I think that that has a lot of promise and I'm with you on that Travis I would just wait it out because it is enjoyable to watch I watched it in all of the languages and it doesn't like sound weird yeah it it sounds very natural to watch like it doesn't sound very AI or robotic or anything like it just just sounds like another voice and it's like on Pace with the video like I talk pretty fast and like gosh Spanish is you should hear me in Spanish Jen talk Spanish I I'm excited to see where this technology goes it would be immensely helpful for this channel uh imagine because it could totally uh change this Channel's trajectory so um I I right now just do your German thing and let's see where this rolls out and maybe ask us again in six months when we show hopefully we'll have a lot more data all right we're at the end here we have one more episode for the year we're talk like I said next week so make sure you listen to that but Jen's got some homework for us what is the homework for us Jen oh goodness let [Music] me open and while she pulls that up again if you're listening to the audio podcast uh leave us a five star review on Apple podcast if you're listening there if you're watching on YouTube hit that thumb up thumbs up button why not it's free and if You' like to subscribe and listen to us more talk about candy and other various things you should do that because that's a cool thing to do and we'd enjoy it and appreciate it and we give you homework for free free homework I need to start remembering what we've actually said before that's all right you normally come up with some really good stuff people seem to enjoy it I don't know why I I have nightmares love that they I love that they love that um I would say since we talked about storytelling I would encourage people to look up um a threea structure hero's journey is much more complicated start with a 3X structure and look at what that looks like and see if you can in fact start to identify components of that in other videos that you watch and just see if you notice those moments um that's the simplified version of this assignment I like it I like it all right so just as one final reminder um if you send in an email question and uh I mean you probably shouldn't at this point because uh the reality is it there's unlikely to get get any questions between now and the time that we record the last episode of the year and when we come back on the sixth we'll answer a couple of questions but we're probably just going to start a new um you also have to remember the people listen to the older podcast are just some people just finding the podcast and they think that some things are still going on like they might be listening from an episode from three weeks ago and they're like oh I'll sending a question but of course we're here in real time and those things aren't we're time is not real I also think that we should sign um all of our community here to petition YouTube for a YouTube wrapped yeah I think it's terrible that we have Spotify wrapped and apple wrapped and we don't have YouTube wrapped it is interesting I need actually I don't need to how many minutes of YouTube I've watched but imagine it highlights all the creators and you're like somebody's top creator that they watched I would love that I would love to know who I love that like YouTube what are you doing who's our top commenter of course they do have stuff like that now you tell us like who who has left the most comments and stuff now yeah but for only creators get that yeah yeah I agree but like as a viewer of YouTube where it's like you spent 20,000 minutes watching the Boost this year yeah listen you should have spent 20,000 minutes really is what you should be doing I don't even know how many minutes that is that's a lot of minutes how many minutes do we even have I don't know we have a lot of minutes I don't know if we have 20,000 of them but we got a lot of them I don't think we do how many minutes is that let me ask Alexa Alexa don't know how many hours is 20,000 minutes we're going to find out here in second it's 333 hours it's a lot of hours we don't I don't think we have that many hours you know watch it again we definitely don't because watch we have like on YouTube well so together we've done 30 something our news oh that we're finally monetized we we is monetized yes we is monetized so what's what makes this kind of spectacular is um we're monetized in only about 30,000 views on YouTube which some of you might be like wait what you only have 30,000 views yes across the podcast because again this podcast on YouTube is only like 6 months old the audio podcast is years old video podcast is about 6 months old um but yeah we were able to do it in 30,000 views because our videos are so long our retention is so so good you guys listen and watch on the YouTube channel for a very long time and we can't thank you enough like it's it's funny because when I we'll go to the the we have marketing meetings and everything um every week and we'll talk about the average view duration on the main channel on the vid IQ Channel and our channel is like four times their average reation is so amazing I'm like oh you guys only wrong bro our listen we're killing it we're crushing it oh gosh we just love you all we are crushing it anyway we'll see you for the uh end ofe special uh next week very excited about that uh make sure you hit subscribe and we can't wait to talk to y'all again next week say goodbye Jen bye Jen we hope you enjoyed this episode of tube talk brought to you by vid IQ head over to vid iq.com

  Top Comments:
  1. @StevesRealReviews [3 likes]: Loved your: "Posting Random videos and Random things will happen to your channel" - We know this first hand from our variety channel vs our niche review channel. Go Niche if you want subscribers to view your content.
  2. @Elegant_maxx [2 likes]: Hello sir , Are you struggling in getting views on your YOUTUBE channel .
Hi I'm Hamaad , I'm specialized in making thumbnail that will give you consistent and predictable results. 
Would you be interested ?
  3. @leapnlarry [1 likes]: Jenn should be in all the boost episodes and have her take turns hosting. Her energy and laughter is what keeps people watching,  does she have her own channel?
  4. @3dchick [1 likes]: Actually, Jenn, eggnog does kind of taste like a more liquid custard, even Creme Brule, if you ever had that. The "war" in my household is hot or cold. My guy grew up in SoCal, where no one drinks anything hot, so his is eggnog and whiskey on ice. But we're in WA and have actual winters, so mine is eggnog and dark rum, hot.

I love it, sorry Travis, but can't drink much because too much sugar makes me ache, sigh.
  5. @leobrennauer: 52:04

Hey Jann and Trevis!

I don't eat candy, but I  LOVE  dark chocolate – the darker, the better. Am I still allowed to continue listening to your podcast? :D

I couldn't find Jann's channel, but I have some personal experience to share about the auto-dub if you wouldn't mind :)

As a native German speaker with an English channel, I tried to have my video translated back into German, and it was... TERRIBLE. The voice sounds robotic and, even worse, lacks any form of meta-communication. It kinda sounds like the 2010 version of Siri. Yes, the translation is "ok", BUT a lot of technical terms are miss-translated and for me the point that it just takes away TOO much of the human character is a no-go. I won’t be doing that again, at least for now.

This got me thinking: If it’s this bad in German, how can I know how good or bad it is in languages I don’t speak? For now, I’ve decided to research which countries have a high percentage of English speakers and manually disable the auto-dub in those languages.

One more thing: Especially in the beginning, when many users (not creators) don’t know how to turn it off, I can see it being off-putting. I’ve even found myself clicking away from videos with the auto-dub enabled or worse, not even clicking the video at all, because the title was extremely poorly translated. Things often times can’t be translated 1:1, and some titles just don’t work in other languages. PLUS the fact that as a user, you can’t deactivate the translation thingy globally, doesn’t help any further.

Don't get me wrong, I’m excited and hopeful that it will one day improve, with the potential to open doors for people around the world.

Cheers!
  6. @leobrennauer: 46:11 ok I've binge-watched all your videos to arrive at this... I'm sold! :D Greetings from germany!
  7. @leapnlarry: If i was in the youtube guru niche like you guys, i would niche down to a certain subscriber size, like 0-1000, or 1k to 10k, or 20k to 60k, we are at 65k and i hate listening to content designed to help people with 500subs, the adivce for somebody like is it soooo different than somebody that just started 1 year ago and only have 50 videos on their channe.  JMT. (Just my thoughts). Larry
  8. @Mrs.Hampton: Thank you both so much for this episode!  Like always it was really informative.  As a kids channel I don't have a community tab and people can't comment on my videos.  However Kids Channels that I watch do have a community tab.  Will I eventually get a community tab?  I am based in Canada and I currently have 637 subscribers.

Happy Holidays!
  9. @Photo_editing_design: hello vidiq I hope you're doing well. I saw that you are working in the content creation space, and I just wanted to reach out and say that you're doing an awesome job.

I'm Harsh aka (PHOTO_EDITING_DESIGN) i am a graphic designer after 3,4 years I will make professional design's like"YouTube thumbnail, YouTube banner, short cover, commerical poster etc.

If I made a sample engaging design for you free of charge, would that be something that would interest you? Otherwise, I won't waste your time.

If you're looking to build an audience, sell courses, or just build a community, I think we could do something great together. I'd love to share a video showing our processes and systems, so you can see exactly how we work. Plus, I'm happy to create a free sample for you to check out.

Let me know if you'd like to see some of the work we're doing for our clients or if you have any questions.

Looking forward to hearing from you!


Kind regards

PHOTO_EDITING_DESIGN

https://photo-editing-design.my.canva.site/hey-i-am
  10. @podcaStudios: IS IT POSSIBLE THAT A CHANNEL WITH VARIED CONTENT (WITHOUT A SPECIFIC NICHE) CAN BE SUCCESSFUL?
  11. @mainmobilantoys: Mantap informasi nya 58:22
  12. @NevermadeMovies: RE: Candy Bars. I believe 3 Musketeers are Milky Ways everywhere else outside of the US and American Milky Ways are Mars Bars in the UK (and possibly everywhere else.)

I'd be wary of recommending American candy to people in Germany, though, as American chocolate is weird. Sorry but it is. It tastes like cooking chocolate and has a weird greasy residue.

And you guys need to get online and order some Boost Bars. Or get Rob to send you some. I can't believe he hasn't yet. I know it's Grim Oop North but even in the Proper North where I used to live we had an abundance of them. GET IT SORTED ROB!
  13. @shotsandgaggles: Has the Boost done an episode on channel banners? Happy holidays and Merry Christmas to everyone.
  14. @growingtolive2040: Wooh Jen is vegan and loves candy corn??? I just had to stop and think about that for a moment. LOL Eggnog is great for the holidays just add a little rum and you will forget about the milk & eggs...... Totally enjoy you both and learn so much.
  15. @Wilson-108: Thanks for reading my email, very nice to get the perspectives that you guys shared!

As you suggested, I think I'm going to take some time and just try YouTube in a "full time" capacity while I'm out of a job.  I'll see how things go and take it from there!  I'll circle back down the line and update you guys on how it's going :)
  16. @rsybing: Why are people flushing phone books down their toilets? Those things are becoming rarer everyday, increasing in commodity value
  17. @IlseMulAuthor: Hi Jenn & Travis and everyone else from the vidICrew!

Welcome back, Jenn! Nice hair colour!

Next time on The Boost: Travis and Jenn are even more in tune because Travis managed to tap further into Jenn's brain :D

So far I've niched down to "beginner fantasy authors who are not published yet" with:
- Tips & Tricks
- Inspirational video (series is upcoming... surprisingly enough it takes more time to bring it all together)
- Livestreams
- Possibly another series, but I'm not too sure about it yet. :D 

"How I ranked number one in YouTube Search…" I remember watching that video. It was great! I need to rewatch it over the holidays and make a good start for 2025 :D 

Storytelling while including that personal touch. I like that. It feels like what Rob referred to in the latest vidIQ video about YouTube's report, sorta? Make sure your authenticity shows in your videos. Show YOU and that combined with storytelling.... That gives a good feeling :)

Eggnog sounds like.... so gross!

Go all-in with only three month of back-up. That feels so.... low. But maybe that's just me :D I would go for at least 6 months, I think.
Than again, at the moment I AM out of a job, so I AM working on my channel and other possible money-making opportunities as much as I can within my Post-COVID limits to get (extra) income. 
Indeed, when you're already unemployed, there's nothing holding you back to go all-in until you either have a job that pays your bill or earn a full salary through YouTube, whichever one comes first :D

We have Milkyways in the Netherlands (next to Germany for those who don't know), so I can imagine they have those as well in Germany :D 
Crispy M & M's are available in the Netherlands as well. I LOVE both of those candies :D

Congrats on the monetization! That is such great news!

I'm looking forward to the End-of-the-Year special!

What is everyone's favourite Christmas food and activities? Here in the Netherlands a few "staple" foods are:
- Rabbit
- Gourmetten (you sit around a table with a device that has several tiny pans in which you make your dinner parts. Kinda like a hotpot, but with a cooking plate, instead of the bouillon)
- Deer

For the rest is probably long walks, be with family, exchanging presents (for those who don't celebrate Sinterklaas)

I wish everyone a wonderful Christmas and an awesome 2025! May you have a great creative year!
  18. @WastelandChef: Hear me out : a Crafting channel where a Lawyer is sewing 🪡 anything 🤌😁
  19. @TeamCryptidRobotics: I do a lot of how to videos and have been making a more of an effort at trying to tie it to my other videos. Luckily combat robotics isn't really a "one and done" sort of how to content
  20. @worthyofthewall: Eggnog?!  Christmas Snot?!  LOL   I LOVE Eggnog!!  DEEEELISH!!!

- The BEST YouTube Niche For Beginners | NO Paid tool Needed!: Kind: captions Language: en The niche I'm about to show you today is insane. And the best thing is that anyone can do this without spending a single dollar with free tools. If you take a look at this channel, it's only 4 months old and they have around 70,000 subscribers. And this is another similar channel. It's only 1 month old and they [music] have gained 60,000 subscribers with just 19 videos. So clearly this niche is working. What I'm going to do today is I'm not just going to show you how to start a channel like this. [music] Instead, I'm going to start a channel under this niche myself without spending a single dollar. And I'm going to post videos for the next 30 days. Those who are going to accept this challenge, drop a comment and let's do this together. And there are no sponsored AI tools in this video. So yeah, this is literally free. I'm going to break down this process into four main steps. branding, content creation, thumbnails, and uploading process. And I want you to pay attention to all these four parts because there are some small tips and hacks I'm going to show you that we need to follow under each of these sections. And those small changes are going to make a huge impact on your videos later. This is not rocket science, but for that reason, a lot of new creators completely ignore this part, and that's why they keep failing. You might be one of those people. So listen carefully. Let's do a little activity. From these two channels, I want you to think which channel looks more professional, attractive, and unique. It's probably this one, right? These two channels are under the same niche. This one has 291 videos, but it only has 384 subscribers. One of the main visible differences in these two channels is that this channel has amazing branding and this one doesn't. So, what I need you to do is select one or two colors and these are going to be your brand colors. And when you are creating logos, banners, and thumbnails, I want you to only use those colors. I know it's a simple thing, but if you look at all the successful channels under this niche, they exactly follow this method. Go to chat GPT and ask it to give the most eye-catching color combinations according to psychology. And now you have several options. So now it's up to you. I'm going to go with black and red. Don't copy my color, guys. No, I'm just kidding. You can use it as well. But do some research about your competitors and avoid using their theme colors because your channel needs to be unique. I have created this document with all the prompts you will need. I'm not going to go through them one by one. You can use these to generate names, descriptions, and necessary channel tags. Do you know why you all are getting zero views after you upload? It's because the YouTube algorithm thinks that you guys are bots. If your channel is fresh and new, don't upload videos for at least 2 weeks. The reason why YouTube does this is that as soon as you create your channel, the algorithm doesn't have enough data about you. So, it considers your channel as spam or a bot. That's why you need to warm up your channel. You don't need to put your channel in the microwave. It means to act as a human. Watch some videos, like them, and comment on them. You can do it right now by leaving a comment under this video. Just tell me where you are from. So, if your channel is new, make sure to warm up your channel for at least 2 weeks. Now, this is my channel. I'm not going to reveal its name because I want to get organic views. I added a description, tags, [music] and even verified the phone number. The logo and the banner I have used are very simple textbased designs. Content creation is the most important thing. We need to focus on three main things. Viral video ideas, killer script, and perfect visuals. All these three points are equally important to get views. One of the tricks that you can use to boost your views and get more attention as a new creator is to talk about already viral topics. Now, how to find those viral topics just by sneaking into your competitors and filtering which videos are getting more views. Is it unethical? Absolutely not. We are just looking for viral topics. If you copy their entire video, then that's unethical and copyright infringement. So, don't ever copy someone else's video. But you can talk about the same topic with your own unique script. That's not copying. Once you found several viral topics, the next step is to create a killer script. Now, if you just go to chat GPT and ask it to write a YouTube script for your video ideas, it will give you a basic script that is literally garbage. >> Hey everyone, welcome back to the channel. Today we're talking about something a lot of us think about, >> but never actually say out loud. I mean honestly chat GPT is an AI tool. It's not a human. So it can't think and make your script more creative. You have to show it the correct path and then it can create a killer script. I'm going to give you a formula. With the help of this formula and chat GPT, we can make a killer script. The most important part of your script is the first 30 seconds. It's like a sales pitch. You must convince the viewer to watch your video till the end. If not, the viewer will leave your video and that's going to result in low retention. When that happens, YouTube stops recommending your videos to new audiences, which is why you are stuck at around 20 views. I studied hundreds of videos and made this formula based on that information. I'm not going to explain this formula. I'm planning to make a separate video about this topic. For now, you just need to copy this formula and feed it to chat GPT and then ask it to generate a script for your topic according to this formula. When you compare this script with the previous one, you can clearly see the difference. It starts with >> here's a psychology fact you're not ready for. Most people don't post videos on social media, not because they're shy, but because their ego is terrified of being exposed. >> That's hits right into your brain, doesn't it? That's why you need to use this formula. And I think this script is perfect, but it's too short. I'm going to ask it to make it a little bit longer, around 4 minutes. And with that, we have a script. Yay. As for the voice generation, I'm going to use Dubdub AI because it has a free trial period, so you don't have to pay for it. This AI has a lot of useful features, but for now, we only need the AI voice feature. So, let's go to it. The first thing is to find a perfect AI voice. I'm going to go to this more voice option. Let's use these filters because they have more than 100 AI voices for different niches. I'm going to select English language with American accent and male as the gender. Let's keep these other filters as it is now. [music] And from this side, we can select our niche. Our niche is psychology. So, let's try the motivational category and check several voices. Many many years ago lived an emperor who thought so much of new clothes that he greatness It's just something we made up. Somehow we've come to believe that great. Once upon a time in a small village, there lived a young girl. >> Once upon a time in a small village. >> Once upon a time in a small village, there lived a young girl. She was known for her kindness and love for animals. >> Okay, this one is perfect, so I'm going to go with it. Now, the next step is simple. Copy your script part by part and click this icon to generate a voice over. Here's a psychology fact you're not of being exposed. Psychologists call this evaluation anxiety. That's perfect. Now, you can use these features to make your voice more interesting by adding pauses and emphasizing the words. Once everything is done, click the export button and download the MP3 files. If you check these videos, they are using simple icons and stick figures as the visuals. What you need is a free video editor like Cap Cut and create some of these icons. It's actually easier than you think. There are several free websites that you can use to download such icons. Flaticon.com is one of those websites where you can download any image in the same style. Another website is vectey and freepick. So go to these websites and download suitable icons and images for your video. For the sound effects and background music, you can use Pixabay and the YouTube audio library. Both of these websites are free. And for the editing, you can use Cap Cut. You don't need their paid version to create a video for this niche. The free version is more than enough. And this process is really simple. All you need to do is add those icons and suitable video clips to the timeline and match those with the video script. Anyone can do this process. Like you don't need to be a video editor to make these videos. You can also add these sliding animations to these icons, but make sure to only use the free versions. Also add captions to your video. Go to this text option and here you can generate captions automatically. Yeah, just like this. You can easily complete your video with cap cut free version. Here's a psychology fact you're not ready for. Most people don't post videos on social media, not [music] because they're shy, but because their ego is terrified of being exposed. Psychologists call this evaluation anxiety. And once you understand it, [music] you'll see why so many people scroll for hours but never click record. Okay guys, now for this process, you can use the Canva free version. Go to your Canva account and click this custom size option. Width should be 1,920 pixels and height should be 1,080 pixels. Okay, remember what I said earlier. you need to only use your brand colors. So, I'm going to change the background color to black and let's add some graphics. So, go to elements and I'm going to search for brain and select this graphics tab to get vector arts. Now, the icons that have this crown icon are only available for paid users. So, let's avoid those. Okay, this one is free. Now, I need to change its color to red. and I'm going to place it around this corner. Okay, now I'm going to search for some social media icons because this video is about social media and psychology. Okay, I think this is enough. And I'm going to add a text layer as well. And when you are selecting a font style for the text, make sure to use only free versions. And let's change this second text layer to something different. So let's go to this effects feature and I'm going to use this background box effect. and you can edit its attributes and make it look nice. Okay, this is perfect. So that's how you can create a thumbnail for 100% free. When you are uploading the video, always rename the video file similar to your title or add as much as keywords to it because the YouTube algorithm will use that metadata. Now, this title looks kind of boring. We need something that can grab the viewers's attention. So, I'm going to go to chat GPT and ask it to give me 10 attention-grabbing title ideas for this video. [music] And we have some cool title ideas. I think this one is the best from this list. Let's use it. And then I'm going to ask it to generate an SEO optimized description for this video with all the suitable and viral keywords. Looks like we have a good description and keywords. So, let's copy this to our video. And now you need to make sure to select this option which says it's not made for kids. And also select no for this altered content option. Then go to these tags and copy all the keywords we just generated to this. And that's all. So today we covered everything and I hope you enjoy this video. And not just that, I hope you learned some valuable information from this video. I wish you the best of luck. See you in the next video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @GrowWithKaz [76 likes]: Guys, let me know where you are from. Here is the Script Formula - https://drive.google.com/file/d/1IQJiZw9jinpib4tE3bN7P5wkB_YQB3F9/view?usp=sharing
  2. @jão00007 [1 likes]: Thank you, bro ! I'm starting now and i found you. God Bless U
  3. @MindsetDecodedOffical: qatar
  4. @MorphMind-u3j: I have low views..
It's not that easy 😔
  5. @DNeonMind: Nigeria
  6. @InstaGlamCurves: good
  7. @manifestyourdream-p6c: I am from Jamaica 
I am very in your work.
Thanks.
  8. @MindsetRewired-r9f: I’m intrigued!
  9. @Psychsense1: Great video, very informative.
  10. @dazholmes2298: im in uk
  11. @growth2freedom: From Nigeria
  12. @Psychologyneed: Thanks i try this chanel from India
  13. @VEE-z7y2l: ❤❤
  14. @MindI23-k5f: ❤❤❤
  15. @samlee8968: its better if you show the final output.
  16. @HeavenlyBibleVerses1: Bro im gonna rebrand
  17. @BlossyFacts: Nice video 🎉❤
  18. @AussieVault: Wow
  19. @ShadowCinema-001: Cool video 🎉
  20. @psykickhub: Let's start 🎉🎉🎉

- Can you have MORE THAN ONE NICHE on your YouTube channel and GROW?? with Kallie But First, Coffee: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] well hello youtube power hour squad erica here with a brand new interview for you so this week i have the pleasure of speaking with callie of but first coffee this was a really interesting interview and kelly gave a lot of very different insights first off she shared a lot about her viral video that got over 30 million views including how much she made from that video so you're gonna want to watch this whole interview and she also talks about how she incorporates her blog into her youtube channel and how she believes that having a blog is actually really important to success as a online influencer and as a youtuber so if you're new here my name is erica vieira i am a youtube strategist and coach having helped nearly 500 women behind the scenes grow their youtube channels and on this channel i interview well-known female content creators where we together pull back the current real reveal what it's really like to be successful on youtube so if that sounds like your jam hit the notification bell and the subscribe button so you don't miss out on any of the interviews i have coming your way enjoy the interview well hello kelly welcome to the podcast thanks for having me yes excited to have you on and chat with you all about your youtube channel so why don't we get started with you sharing what inspired you to get onto youtube and when was that specifically so i uploaded my first video on youtube at like the end of 2013. um and i didn't start a youtube channel to like start a youtube channel i just started to like upload i had started a blog like just for fun um and i was mostly in the beauty niche that's where i really started and i was just doing it as like a second creative outlet like i liked the creative challenge of creating videos so when i started my started my channel it was really just to upload videos till i put on my blog so that was like kind of the starting point for me got it and so then you look at it as kind of like a secondary thing i'm assuming at that time you weren't really taking it seriously so then how did it evolve from just a little secondary thing in addition to your blog to now to you actually taking it seriously yeah it's really been like such a weird and like windy journey and i think probably part of it just because like i didn't start it with the intent of of having a channel like i didn't go into it with goals and you know with like intention and who's my audience and all that so it's really been like a huge like growth and it's been a kind of this going on i feel like probably around 2015 i realized there was like some potential in it i was uploading a little bit more frequently i was uploading an exclusion to my blog like it wasn't always just for my blog i was uploading videos for the sake of uploading videos i had had a few videos do you know fairly well for where i was at like my subscriber count at that time um and so i started to see some potential um after probably two years or so but then i around 2017 like i had a huge transitional shift with my channel and like the content that i did um and so it was that was like a big turning point for me and my channel um around that time what happened into 2017 so well it's so in 2016 i was like i said i started in the in the beauty niche and in 2016 i kind of was feeling a little burnt out like like i was stuck in that niche um i feel like i had like lost a little of that like creative like the creative reasoning behind why i had started making videos i felt a little burnt out like maybe i was just chasing viral content or chasing views and not really creating videos like for the want of creating videos and then actually that fall i was picked by youtube to do youtube next up they still do do they still do that i don't know i've had several people on this podcast that have done that program but i don't know i don't i don't know if they still do it i don't think that yeah i mean prop definitely probably not this year but um so they so i got nominated i got picked for uh to do that um which if you don't know what it is it's like they send you to one of the youtube spaces it's like 15 creators you have to be under 100k subscribers and it's just like this week-long crash course it's like 12 hours of like classes like lighting music audio production just like all of that and it was like the first time i've never been surrounded by other youtubers like i didn't know anybody else who youtubed that's a verb um and it was really it was like at the perfect time of my channel because i was feeling really burnt out and i was all the same surrounded by these people who like created videos because they loved creating videos and had like so much energy and passion for like the process of creating video which is kind of why i started um and so i felt like super i like left that feeling super invigorated and feeling like it was totally fine if i wanted to make a shift in my channel so that was like at the very end of 2016 and then 2017 was just like a really transformational year for my channel because i really started to branch out from the beauty niche and try other stuff personally i went through something like super transformational during that year too so it was just like this big turning point in my life and i um started trying new content and just like trying different stuff and really creating videos again for like the love of creating videos and creating videos that i would want to watch um and so that year was like lots of testing water lots of like trying different types of videos um trying different things out and then that was when i feel like i got a better foothold like i think i went from like i was at i was not at 100k when i went to youtube space so like the beginning of 2017 i was less than 100k and at the beginning of 2019 or by the end of 2019 i had hit over 400 000. um so it was really just and i i really feel like i found that like with that foothold and i found that sort of like more success when i followed my passion a little bit more if that makes sense and i i didn't feel like i was stuck creating what i thought i had to create what were the first uh videos that you did that was outside of makeup and beauty that you know after going through that program with youtube and you just got reinvigorated what did you try out doing so it's not that i had like never done a video that wasn't beauty at all it's just like i allowed myself to really step out of it more and more and i just started to think about creating videos that really um like stuff that i really cared about um so i started creating some videos about you know affordable living about saving money over that same year 2017 my husband and i actually paid off seventy thousand dollars worth of debt so like i shared a little bit of that journey um i shared some um i started doing some like dollar tree stuff which is like a huge part of what my channel is now doing a lot more diys crafting um like i said it was a big testing year like a lot of the stuff was all over the place because i was kind of finding my foothold um it just seemed like what i enjoyed making and what my audience enjoyed seeing um so it was it was a little bit all over the place yeah so then what would you then say your channel transitioned into if it you know from beauty and kind of lifestyle you said you you changed and made content you're more interested in so then how did you go about making that change um some of it was just that i realized that it was like okay that my channel was gonna grow with with me you know like i started the channel in 2013 i was a teacher i was like living in a rental house i wasn't married and like now i'm 32 i'm married i own a house i have a child i have another child on the way and i realized like it's okay for me to allow my um content to grow with me because my audience is going to grow with me too even if they were subscribed to 100k or 50k like they're older now they're probably married they're probably having kids um so i kind of allowed it to just grow with me and kind of create in some ways the type of content that i think people like me need and want to see um so i share a lot of um like life hacks for not like sensationalized life hacks like actual helpful life hacks that you can really use in your day-to-day life honest motherhood affordable living like easy diys so it's definitely i'm not in like a very specific niche anymore and i think that that was a big lesson i learned is that i didn't necessarily need to be like in this exact peg hole which i always felt that i really had to be and some people are and it works for them um but it didn't work for me exactly yeah so you kind of had a little bit more freedom with what you just was was interested in and he said i'll talk about that yeah yeah and so then was there any you know uh turning point or tipping point for your channel that kind of helped it to just take off i've definitely had a couple of uh i mean i've had one video that went like mega viral and then i've had probably a couple other videos that went over a thousand so obviously you get like bumps when you have videos that go viral which has always been helpful um for me i always like aim for more of like a consistent growth you know what i mean like just if in general i can get you know like that consistent growth over the months um and so i feel like sort of getting better about defining um not so much just sort of following my passion and my audience sort of has like joined in on that it's helped like my more like this kind of growth happen uh obviously viral videos you get the quick spikes which is cool um but i feel like we all want that good consistent growth yeah i feel like with youtube success it's a combination it's just that you know creating content that your your true fans love and they come to you and you become known for that and then i i don't think i've ever interviewed a single person trying to think or even you know in working with people with my boot campers where they haven't reached that over a hundred thousand threshold or some other threshold without having some video going somewhat viral so i think it's it's kind of par for the course like i don't think you can rely fully on viral video after viral video if that's hard to do it's also unpredictable um but i do think it just it just it just you can't really be i i think your point uh where are you at now over 400 000 or subscribers yeah yeah 460 i think yeah so you know 460 000 subscribers without getting a couple of viral videos in there yes oh totally yeah yeah but um i definitely want to talk about one of the ones that you know when looking at your channel it's like whoa that is crazy viral um we're not just talking like a few million views i mean 30 32 million views yeah it's getting there that is just crazy so uh share us a little bit about that that video how that came about what happened when it first went viral how it maybe changed your channel let's talk a little bit about that yeah so that video is a gift rack bean hacks video uh it was at the very end of 2017 so like i said it was like that big year where i was like really trying a lot lots of different stuff um not a video i would have ever like thought to create in 2016. um and i think i posted it it was either the first week of december or like the last week of november which is almost like kind of late when it comes to seasonal content on youtube um and it almost immediately took off i think it got eight million in the first like christmas season um so it went super violent right away and then the second year it you know it always got pretty good music throughout the year but obviously it goes kind of crazy every christmas like november into december um so then it went really viral again um in 2018 and then again last christmas um so it's getting like about 10 million views every single season if you will um and it was just like i uh the one main hack that's like the thumbnail that i think probably makes everyone want to click on it like this is to me this video did really well because it's content that like tons of people you know it's the reason it could go viral is because it's content that tons of people like want to consume um and the thumbnail in my opinion was very good it was like one of those thumbnails that like you want to know you know it's like one of those where like you want to know more from the thumbnail um and so yeah it just keeps coming back around and doing its thing yeah so how much have you made from that one viral video so i've made just over sixty five thousand dollars from one video that's amazing and yeah you every year like you said who knows well this year is going to be but every year you've gotten about 10 million views on that video so yeah i guess cross your fingers for this year yeah yeah we sort of like i mean it'll be nice you know but if it doesn't happen it doesn't happen but yeah it'd be i mean it's me it's had more views every year consistently every year like the first was like eight and then it was like 10 and then it was like 12 million so we'll see yeah and then how has your channel grown as a result is your channel did you see boosting your channel subscribers or reaching any new milestones because of yeah i mean that video definitely has helped me get more subscribers for sure um it's definitely one of those viral videos which i feel like a lot of viral videos can be in a sense that it's interesting and people click on it but not necessarily everybody's watching it is somebody like oh i want to watch this girl who's you know i'm also a mom like you know all sorts of people are are watching this video but of course yeah i mean i see a uh spike in and um subscribers every single time that video goes viral obviously we're going to um as far as you know there could have been other videos that could have gone viral that would have been like even more in my niche a little bit more and probably would have gotten me more subscribers um but i do i see growth every time that that goes um viral and spec especially when i feel like when it went viral the first time um because in 2017 like i'd maybe just hit 100k so it felt like the bump in subscribers felt so much bigger at that time than it did like the two subsequent years yeah because that initial 100 000 is such a huge milestone yeah yes yeah yeah and so i mean even i mean i watched a video as an enjoyable video to watch i think it's you know the thumbnail you equated to the thumbnail and also i agree with you it is something that i think a lot of people have an interest in and also a need for but just even the style that you created the video it was so fast-paced it was you had some pretty good ideas and hacks in there and it was really i felt like the quality was there like it was just easy to watch the filming was good the angles were good did you you know when you uploaded it or created it it seems like there was a lot of thought put into it um did you create it thinking like okay this is something that could actually do well i mean i feel like maybe not every single video great there's definitely like i call it my bread and butter content that's like more just for my audience but i mean a lot of the videos i create there's like always that chance yeah you know um but i feel like there's there's i never know for sure like i didn't you know because i feel like two at the time like that was such a year of just like testing and trying new stuff like i i mean i definitely i wasn't surprised because i thought that it was a good video and i thought the thumbnail come out well um but i also in some ways like was surprised you know we're always like what is i mean i know what it is about that video um but i didn't have any idea like going into it like this is gonna go viral you know what i mean there's always that chance that like a video can just bomb and you never like really totally know exactly why um so it's always a little bit of that yeah so let's talk about your channel now and kind of where your your ad and where you've progressed because it definitely seems like you've evolved with your channel so how how have you gone about doing that like how do you select the types of videos to do that align with both your interest but also your audience that you're building yeah so um one thing that i like to use when i sort of create my content like calendar and this is a little bit actually like a little trick that i learned from youtube space was that i i tried to um like break my content into a couple of different categories so there's like what i said there's my bread and butter content so this is the content that i'm creating like for my audience i know my audience is subscribed for me you know to me for this is like what they expect um and then i usually have videos that are like the videos like we sort of said they maybe could go viral like these are the videos that um are maybe a little bit different um and they maybe have something about them that has that like viral component and then i always like to do just like one wild card video every year every year every month um that's you know i mean it still fits into my niche but it's just something that's like maybe a little bit different um because i tend to bucket my content you know i when i create my content calendar i do six videos a month so i do usually one motherhood video i do two or three like affordable diy tip videos and then two or three like cleaning organization that type of videos and then i always like to throw in you know a wild card one because those can be the ones that go viral they can be the ones that can kind of give you new ideas for like different stuff that maybe you hadn't thought about doing um and so that's sort of how i work like i have my little calendar when i work through it i kind of just make sure i'm i'm filling each of those buckets when i create like a content calendar yeah let's talk about that so how far in advance are you planning your content right now i'm planning at least i have at least the month ahead of me like planned so like i know all the videos that are going live in october in a couple that are going live in november um this is sort of a new thing to me i used to be like literally i was creating videos like week by week um but i i quit my job in january to do this full time so like i have a little bit more time and and part of that was that i could be a little more organized that i could plan ahead um and i feel like that's helped me a lot with my content too because i'm a lot more prepared i'm not creating like on the cusp as much and i feel like that's given me just like a lot more power with the videos that i'm making yeah and so you what would you say then is your niche because it sounds like you you said you're like i don't have like a main niche but it does definitely sound like you have almost like a a network with like different little categories or shows in it yeah yeah i sort of do i feel like like whenever i've been uh referred to like on the news or you know if i've been like you know in an editorial something people always sort of refer to me as like a life hacks person and like i said i that is my niche in a little way but it's not like the i always sometimes i get like a little weird about the word hacks because it's been like so sensationalized and there's so many hacks out there that are like like i'm never gonna do that with a clothespin you know what i mean uh so it's like they are light packs but they're like life hacks for like the everyday woman for like for moms you know for just people like that you're actually going to use but that's what i usually say i say you know it's stuff that's going to help you save time save you money you know there's some honest motherhood in there um because i started to bring you know try to bring a lot more of my real life into my channel which was sort of out of my channel for a long time um and just like affordable living and it's a little bit of everything couple buckets yeah yeah so what would you say are your buckets motherhood for affordable living motherhood affordable living and life hacks got it so are there is there are there some videos that tend to do better with others like is there one bucket that you find like oh i know for sure people just love these yeah how does that go yeah so like my affordable living stuff like especially if i'm gonna do um something that's dollar tree related or something you know if i do something maybe it's like walmart or amazon it's sort of like in that affordable living shopping category um those are definitely bread and butter videos those are videos that like are almost always going to get to the view count that like i anticipate they're going to um cleaning and organization tend to go like one or the other they usually will hit few counts but those ones that like occasionally can go viral um and then motherhood is like it's either like it doesn't do very well at all or it does very very well um that's interesting so yeah so what is it so i guess it's like who who would you say your audience is then are they moms or who would you say is your you know your true fan my true fan is definitely other young moms um i have some people who follow me who i actually have like a weird long segment of just like grandmas who like love that you know like love to follow me um and i have some younger women but in general like whenever i pull my audience whenever i'm talking to my audience it is more than half like moms we're either working moms stay-at-home moms that's definitely my target audience yeah even though you know even though only you know maybe 10 of my content is actually mom content yeah but like you said they're they're all things that moms can definitely relate to you know like the the dollar tree stuff the budget hacks the life hacks i mean that's that's total that's total mom stuff so then how do you come up with your you know videos and kind of keep keep it fresh um i would say probably 20 to 30 percent of it comes from my audience so like either things they have asked me about they've requested i'm super conversational with them on instagram stories like via dms so i will get you know like i mean at least one video a month is just something that's like requested and requested and requested from people and dms um and then usually you know some videos it's like i'm in the middle of a video and then like i get an idea for another one um i'm one of those people that like i have like a notepad on my phone and i'm just like constantly like throwing ideas down and then like seeing if one of them will ever stick um so it's a mix of just like ideas that come to me um i might see something and think like oh i could sort of ship this into a video and then a lot of it is based on things that people are asking me yeah and then you mentioned that you have this wild card every month so then what are what are some examples of some of those videos that you've done and how do those usually do on your channel yeah uh so like the gift wrapping hacks is one that i would consider a wild card um sometimes you know if you look at my channel you might not be like oh my god that's so crazy but to me it like didn't fit into one of my other buckets um so i consider it like a wild card video so it's usually something hap usually something hacks related but occasionally be something different you know like not that long ago i shared my productivity routine um and it was partially just because it was something that was requested a lot but it wasn't like really one of those videos i would usually do so it can be you know the wild cards are wild cards they literally could kind of go both ways um sometimes they do super super well sometimes they do average or sometimes they flop yeah and i agree with you though i think it is important to experiment and try out different things because you just never know what might resonate with just youtube in general and you might have some kind of skill or knowledge that doesn't necessarily apply directly to your niche at hand but it could be helpful in general yeah yeah and it's not like like i said it's not like my wild card videos like i'm not like all of a sudden i'm gonna do like a cannon unboxing i mean it's not like so crazy that doesn't like still fit into you know who i am and what my audience expects from me but it's just a wild card in this i call it wild parks it's in a sense that it doesn't fit into one of my like three buckets you know that i do for my other content but i think that it could be good um it still makes sense for my channel and i want to try it out yeah i think i think that's i think that's really great so okay we're nearing the end of the interview and i usually go through and do the hot seat round so these are questions that i asked everybody that comes onto the podcast so first question is what is your number one struggle when it comes to your youtube channel number one struggle uh is always time just never feeling like i have i feel like i have a better grasp on my time right now i just recently got a better schedule but always it's always time i can be a bit perfectionist with like editing for hours and hours and spending hours on a thumbnail um so time is always uh finding the time and then finding the balance of saying like okay i need to like stop youtubing and like you know be a mom be a wife like turn it off do you have any help when it comes to your youtube no so you do all the editing filming everything yourself yeah got it and then so how many hours a week would you say that you spend working on your youtube channel oh a lot of powers i would say on average a video i mean there's obviously always the quick videos right some videos just like don't take as long but i would say on average a single video will take about 10 hours and i post six hours of i post six videos of a month um some videos take 15 hours some videos i do in six um but when you add in everything you know the editing and getting it up you know once it's up i gotta do the closed captions like when you add in all of that stuff um it's a full-time job oh yeah oh yeah without question so you upload six times a month so what is it one to two times a week yeah so i do every sunday and every other thursday every okay got it got it uh next question is what is your favorite video that you've done on your channel oh my god that's such a hard question uh i don't know that i have like one that i love necessarily i tried to like a big thing i tried to do is at least once a month i challenged myself to try something new that like i haven't done before like a different editing style or i'll try something different with filming um so they'll be like little parts of videos that i'm proud of because i tried something new but i don't know that there's just like i can't think of one necessarily i mean i guess i'm super proud of that viral video because of it because we're viral yeah and it goes viral every single year i mean that's amazing um are there any videos that you were particularly excited about but just kind of flopped oh yeah i'm sure i'd have to like look at my videos because at this point we're talking about what seven years of making videos um there's tons of videos probably more than ten that i can't even think of one off the top of my head um and i used to be bummed when i was like excited about a video when it would flop um but i'm not anymore because i still learn i always learn something through the process of doing it and i always try to like go back and like think about like what was it about it that flopped um so i know it's sort of cliche but i'm one of those people like there's no there's no failures there's only learning experiences and maybe that's how it really has to be with youtube oh yeah because with youtube it's so much about experimentation and failing until you make it i mean i i i believe that too it's like there's no failures because if you hadn't had your failures then you wouldn't have learned from them and maybe not made the decisions that you made later on right right yeah so next question is what is the biggest opportunity you got as a result of your youtube channel um so last christmas because of the viral videos on the rachel ray show which is probably the biggest yeah the biggest thing that i've done how did that come about um i had actually been chatting with the rachel red crew for a while they actually didn't find me on youtube which is funny enough they found me on my blog which is why whenever i talk to other youtubers i'm like you should have a blog because it's your business card um and there's better like seo value to that landing page but um so they found me on my blog we've been talking for almost a year they first reached out to me my son was like six weeks old and i was like i could not come on the rachael show right now i just had a child um and we kind of talked on and off they they like come up with ideas that's how these these shows work they come up with like some ideas that might happen then they find people to fill those and then sometimes the idea doesn't happen um so there's like two or three instances where like the idea that they had me schedule them for like just didn't end up getting scheduled into the show um and then i was talking to them probably like in november or whatever and i was like listen i have this video that like keeps going viral like people love it it's really cool wrapping hacks um wrapping hack idea and so um they pitched it they ended up doing like a sort of diy christmasy episode and it worked really great and that's how it worked out so what did you do did they fly you out there and you basically like showed your hacks during the show yep so i'm i'm close enough that i could get on the pop on the train um otherwise yes they would have flew me out there and yeah you it's it's not taped it's taped in front of a live audience but not taped live she does like three episodes it like a not a day three episodes like every monday or tuesday or whatever and then they schedule them out um and so yeah it's sort of like you know you're in there you're in the green room and you do the hair and the makeup and all of that stuff and then the actual you know the actual thing is very short you walk out there um i showed the hack with rachel taught rachel had to do the hack um and then there was also they had me send in a couple additional hacks so they played like the role of a couple like christmas hacks that i had shared originally and then i did one live in studio yeah and how was that experience being there with rachel ray being there like how was it it was fun i mean it was a good time i mean i've done a lot of um i work with a lot of the local news stations here um so like the whole live tv thing wasn't like brand new to me or scary or anything but it was definitely my first like live audience sort of sort of deal um but i i don't get super stage friday so like for me it just like didn't feel like i mean i was very excited to be on the ratio but it wasn't like i didn't feel like overly nervous or uh like build it up too much in my head if that makes sense and i also knew i feel like a ton of people were like you're going to get so many subscribers and like i knew that that's not how it was going to work like i wasn't going on the racing ratio for necessarily exposure because how often are you ever watching like daytime tv and then like actually look that person up yeah um it's more just about like the social weight that now it's like one of those things that i can i can say i was seeing on rachel ray um was really to me like what i felt like was the big benefit of it yeah i agree i because that was my next question so what did you get as a result of that appearance because i can't imagine you you blew up on youtube because it just doesn't work like that it takes someone to actually literally go and find you so did you get any new subscribers did you get any other opportunities by being on the rachel ray show or what happened after that um i can't say i mean maybe did i get a couple subscribers i don't know i mean i didn't like get enough of a bump that i would have noticed but i was like i said it was not that's not what i was expecting in any way um for me it was like i said it was the social weight of being being able to like now that i can say was seen on rachel gray and then definitely once it was shared on rachel ray um you know it goes out to a wider audience of people so at that point like that segment was shared on yahoo entertainment um it was shared on uh like the sun you know so i kind of went out to more places so it's just a little bit more like my name got out a little bit more um and i think i had a few people reach out that wanted to sort of do the same thing um like the same sort of like use the content you know use that that hack for other stuff but it was really for me it was like more that that i knew there was going to be for me there's a seo benefit like that i'm getting that link and it was that i can say that i've done it have you ever had any like gift wrapping sponsors or people that reached out to wanted to sponsor you related to gift wrapping at all yeah i actually have i've had people reach out with different like like custom wrapping paper and you know that kind of stuff but uh i mean it's not like i'm creating gift wrapping videos every single month exactly um so i haven't i haven't followed up on any of them but no i definitely get them have you have you done any sense that one video gift wrapping related videos i've done one other gift wrapping video um i did like a dollar tree like i said is like one of my buckets so i did do a gift wrapping dollar tree video that did like mediocre it didn't do crazy good i tend to find and i don't know if i'm the only one but i ten and i don't watch tons of youtube but i tend to find whenever i see that somebody's had a video that goes viral and they try to do it again i mean you can't recreate it do you know what i mean like i feel like you can do it and like you can get like a good bump um and i have sort of thought about like what i'm going to do this christmas that will be gift wrapping related because i will do something but i feel like i'm not going to be able to recreate that same exact like power virality yeah the 32 million views right right um so and because it's not exactly i think if it was a super viral video that was like really more in my niche then maybe i could have played off of it more but because it was sort of one of those wild card videos i i couldn't quite as much and that is where it it does get difficult because exactly what you said if you have a video go viral and it's totally related to your niche like dollar tree or motherhood or whatever you know whatever your buckets are you could kind of build off on that and really just kind of you know leverage that viral video but when it is something that's not totally related i feel like there's al there's always good to come from it right i mean you you made some money you you definitely got exposure i mean all these opportunities but as far as building that youtube community it's not like you have a youtube community of of people that love gift wrapping i'm sure there's channels like that out there but you're like that's not my channel so um it's like it is it is interesting because i think viral videos have a different effect on people depending on the topic of the video and how it relates to their niche and um yeah yeah how relatable it is in general yeah like an example another example is like i have a video it's a nursery hacks video so obviously if it's in the motherhood content i think it's i don't even know if it's hit half a million views maybe it has that video in my opinion like i get way more subscribers from overall like i have people who are like true fans on instagram like messaging me all the time and they're like i found you from that nursery hacks video um so like it didn't go you know 30 million views but it in some ways has a lot more power yeah it built your community more yeah okay next question is what is your power that you think has led to your success on youtube super power um i think some of it is that i just um i don't know if it's like if like realness is the word but i feel like uh whenever i get feedback from my audience um they always talk about how just like relatable and real i am and it's something that i feel like it can do in some ways it feels like it should be really natural to do on youtube but it's actually not supernatural to do um when you're like in social media um and so i feel like that's a has definitely helped me a lot and the more that i've tried to harness that because that's something that i've really since i sort of made that shift one of them was like i really need to like be myself more um and i feel like that that's definitely one of my just like in general not just even youtube just like overall in social media um is that i really strive to be just like super honest super relatable um i think that that's mine yeah that i mean that's a huge that's huge because it is difficult uh and i know a lot of people have difficulty with it if you were to start over right now what would you do differently um i don't know that i would do anything differently i mean my like journey has been like i said like so jagged but like i've needed all of those like failures and successes to like get to where i am and to like i'm at this point now where i feel like i'm just in this really good groove um i feel like i know the content that i'm making the content that i want to make and i like i don't think i would have gotten there doing it another way um so i don't know that like i would have done it differently even though i made like tons of mistakes and tons of failures i like needed them yeah yeah last question what is the number one piece of advice you would give somebody who is either wanting to start a youtube channel or they're on youtube and they're wanting to really grow and take it seriously i would say definitely try not to this is so hard but like try not to get caught up in the numbers quite as much i think that that was like one of my biggest issues like sort of when i first started to see success is that i got really caught up in that um and then like like i said trying to chase the views and trying to chase what i thought was going to be a viral video and that like didn't bring me success and it didn't bring me like happiness and creating youtube videos so some of it is and again like i feel like i'm just throwing out all the cliches but like you know the whole idea of like sort of you need to stay true to who you are and there are people who are gonna resonate with that and that's how you're going to find the people who are going to be your true fan you're going to find the people that really like love your content that are going to come back every single month because a viral video is cool you can have a video go super super viral and make 65 000 but at the end of the day like those people could just be watching and leaving so i think as long as you're really focusing on you know sort of staying true to what you really want to create and like really having fun with it and letting yourself sort of shine through um that would be my best piece of advice because it's very easy to get caught up in the numbers and it's very easy to get caught up trying to recreate somebody else's success when you gotta sort of be trying to find your own 100 you know i thought of one question because i wanted to ask this earlier and i just remembered again you mentioned something you recommend that youtubers have a blog i can you expand on that a little bit like why do you feel it's important for them to have a blog and what would they do with it and what would they get out of having it yeah so for me the reason a blog is is really helpful a couple of reasons one um i've gotten a lot of opportunities from my blog because in general uh youtube youtube has great seo i mean youtube is amazing in the sense that like you know there's tons of keyword strings where like my youtube videos show up and google like at the top um so i'm not like discounting the seo value of uh youtube but you can do more with the specific blog for people to find you i've been on tons of like local news stations because of my blog because it's optimized for like connecticut you know blogger and youtuber um and then obviously every single youtube video can then have its own blog post um which is going to give it a second chance of ways that people can find it um way better for pinterest so i have tons of pins that are associated with youtube videos that have gone viral but if you pin a youtube video it's not going to be that great on pinterest um so definitely for the pinterest value if you're creating videos that are like pinterest worthy um it's huge huge huge for that um so it is sort of in some ways like a business card like i said it's like a place to send people and it's like all of your stuff and it's just like a secondary avenue of making sure that like you are um marketing that video and all like all of the ways that you can and you start off as a blogger then youtuber and it's interesting that you've actually kept your blog as well because i've talked to a lot of people that started off as bloggers then they get into youtube and then they see so much success from youtube and they're like i'm done with the blog like they don't keep up their vlog yeah and it can be hard because you do there's been lots of times where i'm like i don't know that i can do both of these um and i think for a while because my blog and my youtube you know i was trying so much different stuff on my youtube channel that they felt a little disconnected but now they sort of come back to a point where they're like really together um that it's i think that the mentality of blogging and youtube are different and so sometimes it's hard for us to like marry the two together um but if you remember that like a blog can just be it can literally be a place where you're writing a post for each video and it's going you know what i mean you don't need to be writing tons of it doesn't need to be tons of posts all you don't need to be out there like taking style photos like i'm not doing all of it's just like a landing place and it can be really great for affiliate commission as well because it's a really easy place for me to send youtube audience like check out this blog post where i wrote about this there's tons of requests that i get from my youtube audience that i'm like this is not going to be a video but it could do well i couldn't make money from it um and so i'll do it as a blog post instead and then i'll share it with them like on my community tab or through instagram um and still it's for me it's still like another really great way to make revenue um i do make money from it i like to diversify my revenue streams um but i think it's it definitely is hard to think i think sometimes you think of blogging you're like i need to be putting up five blog posts a week taking style photos um and it doesn't need to be it doesn't have to be the traditional way you think of a blog yeah so essentially at this point you're basically putting up a blog post anytime you do a video so you do a video and then you do an associated blog post with that basically yes yep and then i have other blog posts you know that i stick in there like i said content that people want or people request that like doesn't make sense um as a video but i try not to pressure myself to do too much blog posts because then it does get overwhelming and you feel like you have one or the other yeah do you have an idea maybe it's hard to even know what percentage of your income comes from your blog versus your youtube it's hard and obviously i make some other money like just like on instagram i would say i would say if you're looking at if you're looking at just like just like ad revenue um it's probably like it's probably 80 to 90 percent youtube but if you look at all revenue you look at sponsorships you look at affiliate commissions like all of that stuff it's 60 youtube 40 blog yeah so when you do a brand deal you kind of throw in the blog post along with it with all the links and all that stuff in the in the blog post i'm assuming yep yep and because i've been blogging long enough i mean my blog is standalone so there are some brands that like this is not going to work as a youtube video but like i would love to work together um on the blog so you know i do do sponsored i do sponsor content a lot that literally has nothing to do with youtube that's just instagram and blog wow how much traffic a month do you get on your blog alone just on your blog it's 50 000 yeah yeah it's pretty pretty good but i'm sure you get way more on your youtube way more on my youtube yeah yeah way more made yeah but it's just again like i said it's another platform it's another revenue this year it's another revenue stream and um you know it's nice it's nice to have it because all of them can be so finicky you know you can have a really bad blog month or you can have a really bad youtube month and i could have a month where i make more blogging that i do youtube so um i like to keep the revenue streams diverse yeah well thank so much for sharing so much insight into and your growth and your viral video i know people are going to really enjoy listening to this episode if anyone's listening to this and they're not familiar with your channel your blog where can they check you out so my website is buttfirstcoffeeblog.com which will bring you to everything you can find youtube links there you can find instagram links there if you want to find me on youtube the same thing but first copy awesome well that's easy and we'll have all the links in the description below and if you guys are watching this on youtube comment below let us know what you found helpful anything that was surprising or interesting and uh yeah thank you so much cali for being here thanks for having me bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @YourYouTubeCoach. [3 likes]: Do you have more than one niche on your YouTube channel? Are you having problems narrowing it down?
  2. @MaiZimmy [1 likes]: Love her channel! And I like to see channels that do well with no niche cause that’s where I am. I can’t narrow down to one niche for the life of me!
  3. @DreamWithIntent [1 likes]: I couldn't agree more... having your own website can create additional opportunities.  Also, it's the only place where you have 100% control.
  4. @majesticmom631 [1 likes]: I love her channel. One of my favs 😊
  5. @TamarasTimelessBeauty: This was super interesting!  I’ve been worried that I may not be niched down enough...because I cover skincare, makeup, health and wellness ...all things to help us look and feel our best as we are growing older.  So super encouraging to hear you can still see growth and serve your true fans with out a tiny narrow niche.  Sounds like I need a blog!
  6. @salehpeaceful: Yes or not ,can I ve multi..,..
  7. @makeupbysaz: Loved this interview, the buckets and wild card idea is genius! ❤️
  8. @JenLauren: amazinggg interview!!! i love the idea of thinking of your content as buckets
  9. @ashl3yymarie: I love Kallie 💕 this video was in my suggested, love it!.. shes a CT girl like me, I’ve been watching her forever 🙂
  10. @lori2719: I've been thinking of starting a yt channel as a stay at home wife and soon to be mom. But I'm having so much trouble finding a niche. Thank you for this video.
  11. @VanessaWhiteRandomNess: Adore her!!! So inspired by her and live that you did this! Watching now 🙌🥰🙏

- 7 Best YouTube Niches Making 7 Figures: Kind: captions Language: en In this video, we're talking about seven YouTube niches that are easily making seven figures. And no, these are actually not the super saturated niches like AI [music] content or Mr. Beast style entertainment content. But if you have this one advantage, you can [music] kill in any of these niches and that is to have specific knowledge. So if you're a doctor, a lawyer, gardener, chef, if you have [music] a specific set of skills, if you have a degree or diploma, leverage that [music] knowledge and you can make a highly profitable YouTube channel. Often times it'll make you more hirable or get a better job or it will become [music] a business that will just replace your job altogether like it did for me. So if you find these videos helpful, go ahead and give this [music] video a like and let's get started. So the first niche here is news or commentary. [music] Now, the beauty of the news and commentary niche is that it's one of the easiest ways to generate endless content ideas. Every single day, the world gives you a new headline or a story or a controversy. [music] And that's the strength of this niche, right? Audiences don't just want the headline. They want your interpretation. And you don't have to be an expert in the subject matter, as we'll see in some of these examples. So, the first channel I want to look at here is called China Update. It's basically a channel that provides you with the most updated political and economic analysis on China. And the guy on this channel was originally a lawyer who studied Chinese foreign policy in Beijing. And now he does consulting work for China analysis. [music] And basically what he does here is he goes through articles and reports and government statements [music] and he just analyzes them and shares them on YouTube on a weekly basis. You look at his channel here. He's making anywhere from $900 to $3,000 per month from AdSense alone. Who wouldn't want an extra $3,000 per month, right? But the crazy part is that AdSense is not his only source of revenue. [music] He also has products and services outside of YouTube. I mean, he's a consultant. He's got a Patreon. He's got a buy me coffee. And so, there are many different ways for him to make [music] money based on just reporting on news on a weekly basis. And if he's already doing this for work, why not just turn on a camera and make a little extra money from that knowledge that you already have? Another example I want to look at here is meet Kevin. Now, I know this guy has a much bigger channel. He's got about 2 million subs. And for that size, he's making about 12,000 to $35,000 per month on AdSense, [music] which is just crazy. But the thing I want to highlight here is that he spent a lot of his time talking about real estate. And over the years, he realized that he was reading these reports on real estate and the economy and policies so [music] often that he just started reporting them to his viewers as like a news source. And over time, people started to come to his channel not just for the information, but for his take on [music] the information. And I want to mention this because he had so much attention and so much trust that he actually ran for government office. But outside of AdSense, he's got a lot of other revenue streams. [music] For example, he's got courses on how to invest in real estate and how to invest in stocks. Now, the third example here is really interesting. This [music] is Matt Wolf. I actually got the chance to meet him. He's actually one of the partners here at Spotter and so [music] we were hanging out at one of the events. But he is a great example of someone who does not necessarily need to have top tier expertise [music] in a field to still make a killing on YouTube. So what Matt does is that he will [music] report on the latest AI trends and AI news and he'll act as sort of like a guinea [music] pig and try out AI tools and report back his findings to you. But he didn't get a diploma in AI, right? He's just really passionate about the topic. That's why people come back again and again and he's grown so fast in the last year. And I know he's making way more money than just AdSense [music] revenue because there are tons of AI companies coming and sponsoring his videos. But from all this work that he's already doing with AI, [music] reading the news, analyzing it for you, he's also leveraging that knowledge onto other YouTube channels and other podcasts. So, he's getting extra mileage out of the same research he's doing for his videos. [music] Now, the next one here is the coaching niche. Now, in my opinion, coaching will always be a winning format on YouTube. And the reason is because so many people go to YouTube to learn. And I'm not talking about a quick search like [music] how to tie a tie or how to do a dance. Like that's for Tik Tok, right? If you want to really learn something [music] like a deep skill or deep domain, you go to YouTube for that. And the best way to master a skill is to not just get the information, you [music] need a coach. You want someone who's done it before you, right? To help you walk through the roadblocks and troubleshoot your way around your problems. [music] What people actually pay for now is not information. It's implementation. They need someone to hold them accountable to give them real time feedback [music] and make sure that they get results. So that is why coaches are not going anywhere. And YouTube is one of the best places, if not the best place to showcase your expertise and attract new clients. And I'll mention one of my favorite channels here, Vin Yang. He's a communications [music] coach. He teaches you how to speak very well, how to do public speaking, how to articulate your thoughts. [music] So important for today's age. Now, the one channel I want to focus on here is actually one of our clients, Dr. John Go. Now, he's an opthalmologist. [music] He's an eye surgeon. And when we started working with him, he was making all kinds of content like running marathons, eye surgery, [music] eye drops, and we really wanted to find what lane could he make content in. And when we dug into his history, we found that he was very knowledgeable about losing weight. [music] He managed to lose 75 lbs while working full-time as a surgeon. He was able to achieve that weight loss with very little time [music] and he knew how to repeat that. So we were like, dude, you should be a fitness coach and we thought, you know, fitness is quite saturated. There are a lot of fitness [music] coaches out there, a lot of personal trainers out there. But how do we position Dr. Go to stand out [music] as a coach? Well, we took his whole story into account, right? He was able to lose weight, get shredded while working full-time as a surgeon. So, we positioned him to help coach other people like himself, right? Busy professionals with not a lot of time. So, he's been doing pretty well. We were able to get him monetized in only four videos, and he grew from 500 to 10,000 subscribers with about 10 videos, and he quickly made an extra $5,000, and he just sold [music] his first coaching offer. So, coaching is such an underrated niche, which is why me and Maddie, we have opened our own YouTube coaching program. So, if you're interested in a one-on-one private coaching from us, [music] if you want to make an extra $5,000 or $10,000 per month with the knowledge that you already have through YouTube, then apply below and work with us. All right, let's move on to the next one here, which is edutainment. [music] It's basically the combination of education plus entertainment. When it comes to content that teaches you things, I think this is one of the most exciting [music] formats on YouTube because it blends learning with fun. The best creators here take complex ideas in things like science or history or math [music] and they package them into stories so engaging that you forget that you're [music] even learning. Now, the secret power of this niche is that it often leans into high production value. You often have great studios, [music] great editors, great camera equipment, which if you think about it, is actually low competition [music] because not everyone's able to do that. Most creators aren't willing to put in the extra effort to script or design or to edit at this level. And I would say that the timing of this niche [music] has never been better because in the past, if you wanted to pull off this high production style, it required a full-on team with editors and [music] designers and animators. And I know because we've been there. But today, we got AI tools [music] that can handle all this stuff. It can do the graphics, do the editing, even do the research that makes a lot of this edutainment [music] stuff. super accessible and you can run this with a lot leaner team. So, the first channel I want to highlight here is Dami Lee and we actually went through the [music] same YouTube program together, uh, Ali Abdal's PTYA and she basically has expertise [music] on architecture, but the way that she teaches architecture is not like anything we've seen before. [music] Like, it's super engaging. If you look through her YouTube library, you'll find these really interesting and well-done videos about like [music] fantasy architecture like from Dune or Lord of the Rings or anime. And when big companies see these high production videos, [music] they think like, "Wow, how can I achieve that, too?" But the point here is that she studied [music] architecture but wasn't just working in a job. She was getting more out of her degree [music] by making content. Now, another channel I want to show here is Chubby Emu. He is a fellow [music] doctor and yes, he has a lot of subs and a lot of views. He's making a crazy amount of AdSense revenue [music] here. But the way he teaches medicine is so interesting. He actually takes case studies and he tells stories about them. [music] It really shows his expertise here because he makes the topic of medicine so fun to learn with all the storytelling [music] and the editing. And I think that's the thing about this specific niche is that it gives you the most opportunity to stretch [music] your creativity. All right, let's move on to the next niche, which is the interview. Now, the interview format is one of the [music] smartest ways to grow on YouTube because you're essentially borrowing the expertise of [music] others to elevate your own channel. Now, by expertise, I don't mean that you have to chase [music] like the top 1% experts or get like celebrities onto your YouTube [music] channel. The real power comes from tapping into the access that you already have. So, if you're [music] a nurse, you can interview other nurses or doctors about their journeys. If you're a developer, you can talk to your colleagues or [music] other founders or startup teams. And here's a little secret, right? Startups and professionals [music] are always hungry for exposure. That means you'll never run out of potential guests, and every new conversation becomes fresh content. Now, the beauty of this format is [music] that you don't have to be the expert on everything. Your job is to do research on your guest, ask the right questions, and then connect your audience [music] to the insights that they normally wouldn't have access to. And over time, those associations with [music] all your guests, they build up your credibility, while your guests also [music] help you tap into an entirely new audience. Now, one of the channels I want to highlight here is [music] NDMD. We actually went on Andy's podcast a while back, but the thing that's really interesting here is that he saw those 73 questions [music] that Vogue did on their channel and he implemented that for doctors. And if you look through his interview videos, [music] he's doing the 73 questions on surgeons, on cardiologists, on anesthesiologists. [music] Super interesting stuff. And he's doing this while in medical school. He's making an extra $800 to $3,000 per month, [music] right? Like, who would say no to that? He's already immersed in his field, but he's granting this access to the general public. Now, another channel I want to highlight here is Open [music] Residency. This is a channel that we actually helped launch from zero, and now they're doing [music] extremely well. Mark is a guy who's very connected. He's able to get on these amazing guests on [music] his podcast. But behind the scenes, we also have Jake, who is able to create these beautiful sets to elevate their [music] podcast. And when we first started working with them, it was literally just a twoman team. But with this combination of amazing guests and [music] super high production value, they were able to close massive brand deals, like six figure [music] deals. It's incredible. All right, the next niche here is the lifestyle channel. Now, the lifestyle niche is one that AI just simply [music] cannot replace. And the reason is because AI isn't living a human life, right? [music] It can't take us along for the ride. It can't show us what it's like to wake up and go to work or raise a family. Only you can do that. And the magic of lifestyle content is that it's behindthe-scenes access. When you share how you live and how you work and how you [music] think, right, how you make decisions, you let people step into your world. And if you do good work, brands and companies will recognize that. They'll notice you and they'll often come to you, not just to sponsor your content, but sometimes they'll even hire you. But lifestyle content isn't [music] about just being perfect or glamorous. It's about showing your reality in a way that others can not just learn from, but relate to you. So, I want to highlight this channel. This is Sarah Lee. She basically does day in the [music] life of software engineer, but she takes us behind the scene of what it's like to work at [music] Amazon. And she's already spending hours of her day coding and doing her work. Why not turn on the camera and get a bit of extra cash out of that work? And you can see that it's not really about like super high production value. It's more about just showing people how you [music] think and how you live. And it's those little moments that people are here for. Now, another channel to highlight here is Trucker Josh. He's already spending time driving a truck, but he turns on his camera, teaches you a thing or two about trucking, and makes an extra $500 to $2,000 per month just by talking about his job. All right, the next niche here is the noace niche. Now, the no face or faceless niche is one of the most accessible formats because of [music] AI cuz you got texttovideo tools, you got AI generated video, you got voice cloning, and with all these tools, anyone can spin up a faceless [music] channel. And yes, this means that there's more competition in this niche compared to others because the barrier to entry is just so low. But on the flip side of this, if you actually dial in this format, it can actually be insanely lucrative because once you set up the systems, you can actually remove yourself from the content process completely. And at that point, it's just an automated content system [music] that just prints money for you. Now, here's my personal recommendation for this niche. Even if you build a faceless channel, it's still smart to put your personal brand behind it because people want to know that there is a person behind the videos. They don't always show their faces on [music] the content itself, but they do narrate their videos. And over time, people start to recognize their voice. They know there's a real human being behind [music] it, and it's not just some faceless AI. Interestingly, now we also have tools like 11 Labs, which can literally clone your voice to so much accuracy that you don't even need to narrate yourself anymore. But when people know there's a credible human being behind the videos, it adds so much more trust. Now, I want to highlight this channel called Fireship. I know it's a big channel. It's got 4 million subs, making [music] it upwards of over a 100K per month. At the end of the day, it's a faceless channel that reports on news for [music] developers. And they've done this in such a way that developers don't even check the news anymore. They just wait until Fire Ship uploads. And they've been able to grow this business not just from AdSense, but they've got sponsorships and they sell courses for developers off the platform. Now, another channel I want to highlight here is Med School Insiders. It was one of my favorite channels growing up as I was going through medical school. We got lucky [music] enough to get to work on their channel now and help them grow. And I'll say that Kevin is such a smart [music] creator because he was able to build systems and teams to crank out these faceless videos to the point where he basically just shows up, reads the script, and then it's handed off to the next team member. But the key here is that people actually know there is a real doctor, real plastic surgeon behind the content. And the reason why having Kevin behind these videos is so powerful is because [music] they have coaching and consulting services outside of YouTube. They help people get into medical school with a really high acceptance rate. But it probably wouldn't have as much credibility if there wasn't actually a real doctor behind the content. All right, moving to the next niche. We have the fixer. In my opinion, this is the most underrated play on YouTube right now. One of my favorite examples of this niche is Dave Ramsey, which I think is one of the best in the game. Basically, someone shows up with a problem, he diagnoses the [music] problem, prescribes a solution, and then you watch the whole transformation kind of unfold [music] live on air. It's such a powerful format, but you don't have to do it live like Dave [music] Ramsey does. Now, the reason I think this niche is super underrated is because if you [music] have true expertise in your field, you will instantly rise to [music] the top because you're not only teaching, you're fixing the problem. You're applying your knowledge. People get to see exactly [music] how you think, how you make decisions, and they get to see exactly what it's like to work with you. So, if you're a coach or consultant, then this method is extremely powerful to pair [music] with a coaching service. The best part about this fixer niche is that AI can't touch this. AI can regurgitate facts and generic advice, but it can't look someone in the eye and unpack their messy situation and guide them through the change. [music] So, if you're an expert or even just a well-learned person in your field, whatever field, law, health, the trades, career coaching, the [music] fixer format will propel you really far. You become the trusted authority if you can help people solve [music] their problems like this. Another amazing example here is Rammit Sethi. He does something similar where he fixes your financials, looks at your investments, looks at [music] your savings, looks at your money habits, and he's done this so well that he actually got his own [music] Netflix show where he fixes people's finances on the show. We're also interested in bringing some of our own students, our own clients into the studio [music] and kind of breaking down some of their videos as well. And by the way, we have a few extra slots in our coaching program as well. It's one-on-one private coaching where we deep dive into your channel, deep dive into your knowledge and what you [music] already have going on, and we turn that into very profitable content for you. So, if you want to [music] work with us and you're serious about it, apply below, and we'd love to help you out if you're a great fit. I will see you next time.

  Top Comments:
  1. @JJon67 [77 likes]: News and commentary 
Coaching 
Edutainment
Interview 
Lifestyle 
No face niche
Fixer
  2. @ntntntntnt [17 likes]: Time stamps would’ve helped
  3. @realglutenfree [13 likes]: I need to seriously stop procrastinating and start yt myself. I always tell myself that I have nothing interesting to show, that I am not entertaining and I know nothing on a good enough level to be able to teach it to other people.
  4. @tufffoidslayer666 [8 likes]: And what if I'm 17 and have no expertise?
  5. @superamario64 [7 likes]: Aaaah making videos. On YouTube. I'm seeing a pattern here
  6. @FaizanAhmed-ys7cz [4 likes]: bro has 1.3m subs and still cant get 2k views in 24 hrs?
  7. @shivampruthi6833 [3 likes]: I want to grind but when I see ur channel I get hopeless bcz the  fact is viewers are never satisfied....one can be replaced in most instances.....even though u have 1m.. ..subs u're getting hardly thousand views :(
  8. @JeffryBezos-oy3nd [2 likes]: Just so you know If it s here on a video you re already too late
  9. @Mom_onthefarm [1 likes]: I do farm lifestyle, motherhood adding a touch of silent YouTube videos 
I don’t see a lot of channels doing what I do especially in South Africa 😊
  10. @essiewalker [1 likes]: wishing everyone the best on their journey this year! 🌻
  11. @SebastianScottContent [1 likes]: These are some interesting niches, it would be very helpful if you make a video about top 10 Faceless YouTube channels!
  12. @gunjanyadav2691 [1 likes]: News
Edutainment
Lifestyle
  13. @WeslleyCS [1 likes]: O comentário Brasileiro que você procurava🇧🇷
  14. @afternoonyarn: Iam seriously thinking of starting YT, do you recommend registering the name ?
  15. @Diamond_HunterENT: Good information! People say I’m a good teacher… I’m a passionate leader and CEO I love solving customers problems 🤗🎉🤗 I need a good US based Video Editor ✍🏽 anyone interested in helping out?

Diamond 💎
  16. @ReadingStoriesGG: :face-red-heart-shape:
  17. @web-s5i: not working your 1on1 consulting link last part the calendar.
  18. @divyv20: Hey Koi , really nice video! I was wondering if I could help you with high Quality Editing and thumbnails which will bring you very good results. Lmk if you are open to it man?
  19. @HindiMoviesWatchforfrew: 👍
  20. @petronjpa: Queeeero

- PROVEN High CPM Niche Finding Method!: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] Yes. What's up everybody? Welcome back to a new video. My name is Cisco and in this video I am going to show you guys how to find winning niches for your cash channel over and over again. I'm going to show you guys a super easy method to follow that will deliver good profitable niches for your Qashqar channel. So if you guys want to know more, keep watching the video. But first, let's hop into my YouTube analytics and show you guys some results because yeah, I'm sure you guys would love to see that. So, let's do that right now. So, yes, guys, now we are inside of my YouTube analytics. And as you guys can see, uh everything is going to be in Dutch because yeah, obviously I'm Dutch. Your channel just surpassed 1 million views, which is just insane for me. And here you guys can see I have like 44,000 views in the past uh 48 hours, which is decent. It's not like crazy. I'm still profitable. Uh so that's super nice, of course, but it's not like over here like the 200k views. So yeah, I'm also just figuring out what style really works for this channel. So yeah, let's go over well here. The reach CTR is decent. If you check out the past couple of uh seven days, I have really increased the CTR. So that is a good thing to know. Well, this is what you guys want to know. Of course, the RPM of my channel is like $6.50, which is super good. So yeah, if you check it out, past couple of 28 days, I made three and a half,000 bucks, which is pretty good for a channel I just started 2 months ago. So yeah, those are the results I currently have. Now, let's get into the video. So, how do we find good cash cow niches? Well, I'm going to show you guys. First, I'm going to explain everything to you guys, and after that, we're going to do it live together. So, what is the first thing that we need to do? We need to make a new YouTube account because we want to have the YouTube algorithm on our site. Um, on your own YouTube account, obviously, you have watched YouTubers like me. I don't know who else you watch, but yeah, you your YouTube already knows what you want to see, so they recommend it to you and it probably it aren't it aren't that many cash channels. So, what we want to do is make a new Google account, make a new Gmail account, and make a new YouTube account just like I did here. As you guys can see, how to find the best niche atgmail.com. So, yeah, make like a super crazy Gmail account, something like this. This this will definitely make sure that you guys immediately find a good niche. After you've done that, make your YouTube account. And then we need to start scrolling. I already did like half an hour of scrolling on this uh on this uh YouTube account and I already found some pretty decent uh Qashqar channels. Like I have like four already. I'm going to show you guys in a minute. Uh here I think I have one that I have not seen yet. As you guys can see, this is a Qashqar channel. How can you really see that it's it's a Cashar channel? Well, you can see it by looking at the thumbnail, looking at the title, and also checking their channel because here you already don't see a face. You just see like uh footage that is moving really clear uh quick. All stock footage transitions. This is clearly a Qashqa channel that is doing insanely good actually because oh my god every video they upload. Well, it's doing really good. Some videos get a lot of attention. I think they literally just broke through because here you guys can see 653,000 views. Most popular. Okay, they didn't just break through, but it is already one of their most viewed videos. So, yeah, let's subscribe to them. Um, now let's go back. So, yeah, that is actually how you look for gas channels. It is super easy. So, that is what I want you to do guys first. So the first thing that you need to do is make a new YouTube account, start scrolling and just start only clicking on cash cow channels like this. YouTube will see that you want to see cash channels and it will start recommending it to more. So here these are the five channels that I have now. US militcapes grid 88 US military renews and quantum tech HD. And especially with the drone scapes, I want to show you guys, they did something wrong because this channel was doing it was just going insanely hard. As you guys can see here, here it was first it was doing like random things. I don't even know how to call it. And then suddenly here it was starting to focus on fighter planes. Here you guys can see this video. 3 million views with the plane. Here another one with the plane. 1 million views. Another one. Banger after banger. They were uploading here. All the videos with the aeroplanes were just going insanely good. Bam, bam, bam, bam, bam. And then here, I don't know what they were thinking. Maybe there was something. Well, YouTube said something to them. I don't know. But here they just totally switched to something else and then the views started dropping out of nowhere because yeah, obviously the viewers are just interested in planes and not in like uh footage from the north of Italy. They just want to see the firefight the the fire the fighter planes. I I don't know why I'm mis pronouncing it every time. But yeah, that's what I want to say to you guys. If you guys have a breakthrough like they have, just focus on that only. On only focus on aeroplanes if you see that aeroplanes is really working. Um so yeah, that is a tip real quick for you guys in between it. Okay, so now you guys know how to find the niches. Now let's get to step two. I want you guys to just lock yourself up for like one to two days in your room only looking for cash cow niches because the cash cow niche is just the most important. If you have a bad niche, you are not never going to be profitable. So, make sure that you put in the time for this. So, I just showed you guys how to find the niche. Now, let's um I want you guys to just make like a list of like 20 at least 20 different niches, 20 different channels that are going super hard and that you think um might have the might have the chance to just go viral if you guys are going to use it. So, at least 20 more is always better. Okay, if you've done that, if you have a list of 20, 30, 40, 100, 100 different uh niches, then we need to start filtering because we want to make money niches. It can be a good niche, but we want niches that are going to make like crazy bucks. So, yeah, we need to have those. And I'm going to tell you guys where to find those and where to filter on. So, I'll see you there. So, what do we need to filter on? Well, actually it is super easy. We only need to filter on three different things. The first one is a high CPM and a high RPM. Your channel has to have your channel has to have a high RPM because well, the higher the RPM is, the easier it is going going to be to make more money. So yeah, a high RPM is super important. Second, we want a high search volume. If nobody's looking for your niche, well, how are you going to get traffic? So search volume is super important. And the third is going to be lowish competition because some competition is well it's always going to be there. If you don't have any competition immediately start in that niche because it's definitely a binner. But yeah lowish competition or bad competition. What do I mean with bad competition? Competition that is already getting a lot of views but their thumbnails, their videos, their titles are just super bad. So you can improve on it and yeah you can be the better channel than them and the viewers of them are going to watch you instead. So that is also super nice. So yeah let's cover the high RPM and CPM first. How are you going to uh make sure that uh the niche that you picked has this. So if you have the list of your 20 different uh of your 20 different niches go over this. go over what kind of person is viewing your videos because for example, let's take a kids show niche. So, it's a channel where only scenes from Spongebob are showing, okay, that kind of stuff, the funny scenes. Well, only kids are going to watch this. So, the RPM is going to be super low because those kids just don't have any money to spend on the ads that are shown to them. So, yeah, you have to think like that. So age is a super important factor. Make sure that the demographic that is watching your videos is at least above 21 years old. This is also the case for my niche. Actually, they're all above 21 years old. Actually, they're more all above 30 years old. And this is super awesome. I actually recommended to also have this above 31 30 years old because 21 years old, well, most of them are just broke. At 30, they already have a little bit of more money. So, they can spend it on ads and that kind of stuff. So, yeah, age is a super important factor. 30 years old, perfect. Second, the ads that are shown to uh your viewers. So I already cover covered this in a previous video. I already told this but let's say the sport niche for example in the sport niche only like sport rings and balls and I don't know what is showing to the sport niche at least is not uh something that is super expensive. Uh but if we take the finance niche for example the ads that are shown to them are super expensive. So it's only like courses and seminar all that that stuff that is super important. So that is what you want. You want the ads that are showing to be uh on your videos to be more expensive. So also do the research on that when looking for a niche. All right, that is high CPM and RPM done. Now let's get to the high source for you and I'm going to show you guys a super easy way to do this. Okay, guys. So, we are now inside of my computer and I'm going to show you guys super easy tool to filter for yeah, high search volume for you. So, this is one of the channels that I uh picked to be a potential good niche. It's called Grid 88. I don't know actually why it stopped uploading because Oh, it didn't stop uploading, but it's just not uploading every single day. It's uploading only like once a month. Don't know why because they're they are getting a lot of views. But yeah, let's take Disney for example and I want to see if if F16 has a lot of search volume. So I'm going to type in F16. I don't know if this is the best way to type it, but I'm going to use this tool. I'm going to filter on this month. It is in Dutch. I'm sorry, guys. this month uh amount of views view amounts and yeah okay so I know that the F-16 it is already like uh some channels it is pretty saturated but as you guys can see there is a ton of search volume on this uh this plane 3 weeks ago 2 million views 3 weeks ago a million views like something in Russian, I don't know. But yeah, this is what I want to show you guys. It is super easy to use. Real quick again, this month amount of views. That's it. This way you can check if there is a lot of search volume. Okay. Now, let's go to the uh competition. Okay. Now, so for the final one, competition. And competition is actually just as easy as search volume. So now instead of F16, let's take this leopard 2. I don't know what what it is, but leopard 2. Enter. Okay, so I can already see we actually filter on the exact same things. So this month and views and you can see this tank is getting a ton of views like a ton. So now we want to check how the competition is. I don't know what this is next level. Let's check out them. There's Russian or whatever language. There's Spanish. I think this is Dutch. Well, actually I think that it is getting a lot of views. So the search volume is really good and actually there is not a lot of competition. So this might actually be a really good uh niche actually. So yeah, here you guys go. You can one of you guys can maybe start a channel start a niche in this one. So yeah, those are all the things that you guys need to know. So first we covered high RPM and CPM. How how are we going to do this? viewers have to be above uh 30 years old and the ads that are shown to them need to be expensive. Search volume for you use the filter I just showed you guys and yeah check if you get a lot of views on that specific keyword. Third and final use exact same filter and check out all the channels that have like a ton of views and see what the competition is like. That is it. Do that for all the niches that you have written down and uh yeah just pick the best one. That is actually it. It's as easy as that. So once you have made sure to check every single uh niche on that you have written down. Pick the best one. Pick the one with the highest RPM. Pick the one with the best search volume for you and pick the one with the lowest competition or with bad competition because actually bad competition is just the best thing that you can have. All right, keep that in mind. Once you've done that, make sure that you immediately start. Okay, guys, don't hesitate like, "Okay, now I have a niche, but do I have to start?" No, just start, okay? Because hesitating and don't not doing it won't get you anywhere. So, just start. So, yeah, guys, that was the video. Hopefully you enjoyed it. Uh, please leave a like and subscribe. Also, tell me in the comments down below which videos you guys want to see next. And yeah, that was it. Hope see you guys in the next one. And peace

  Top Comments:
  1. @lucienandflorian [3 likes]: Bro die intro!!!😍😍😍
  2. @lucienvanesch4946 [2 likes]: ❤️❤️❤️
  3. @MatsBirdie [1 likes]: 🔥🔥🔥
  4. @abdouldiallo7261 [1 likes]: Great video I just have one question about dropshipping right now I am dropshipping to the netherland and I live in the USA and I just wanted to know if I can still get sales without using klarna payment.
  5. @QuincyJoness: 🔥🔥

- How Much YouTube ACTUALLY Pays You for 1,000 Views in 2024: Kind: captions Language: en so how much does YouTube pay for 1,000 views well all of these guesses yeah they're correct that sounds a little crazy doesn't it and this is just the beginning for example how much money you make doesn't always depend on your Niche this is a video from our Channel which is all about YouTube education and it has an RPM of $3.38 this is also a video from our Channel but it has an RPM of $164 it's the same channel the same month but five times rpn so how is all of this possible in a minute I'll tell you all of the things that affect YouTube Revenue how much real channels are making in different niches and how to boost your potential YouTube income but first and important YouTube fundamental hang on I've already done this RPM is not to be confused with its close relative CPM while CPM or cost per 1,000 views refers to the cost advertisers pay on ad Revenue RPM or Revenue per 1,000 views includes all money monetization sources ads Channel membership super chats and YouTube premium Revenue in a nutshell CPM estimates what advertisers are paying while RPM estimates what the Creator's take-home pay is after YouTube's C this typically leaves the average creator with 55% of the ad revenue or 70% of the fan funding Revenue whether or not you think this is a creative extortion or a fair deal the bottom line is YouTube's house and YouTube's rules and personally I believe that YouTube leads the industry when it comes to compensating creators so you're already on the best platform and of course you are more than welcome to disagree and argue with me in the comments below but just remember you can store an unlimited amount of video online and have it broadcast to a potential audience of 2 and A2 billion people every single month for free feels like a fair deal to me anyway RPM lesson out of the way let's get back to the topic at hand Big Max bear with me on this one imagine strolling into a McDonald's in New York Tokyo or Delhi craving that I IC Big Mac surprisingly you'll find the price as varied as the cities themselves This Global price difference isn't random it mirrors the economic landscape cost of living and local purchasing power of each local on the bustling streets of the financial capitals of the world such as New York and London where economies are bigger the wallets open wider and that means advertisers are much more willing to pay top dollar to grab a spot on your video much like a price a Big Mac budgets swell in markets with potential driving your CPM and ultimately RPM contrast this with quieter economic Landscapes where company wallets might not be as thick reflecting a more modest Big Mac price and similarly your video earnings and to be crystal clear this has absolutely nothing to do with your channel settings or where you publish the video it's the location of a viewer who's watching it that matters and as you can see cpms the amount advertisers are willing to pay varies greatly even more than the price of a Big Mac another important factor is video length did you Spot the Difference earlier on yeah same Niche same channel same month but a massive difference in video length now there is a somewhat Tricky YouTube equation to navigate here where your video should be as long as possible but also as short as necessary the longer it is the more watch time you can get therefore the more money you can make but longer also means it's harder to keep viewers attention and it could even be a turnoff from the get-go I mean how often have you seen a time stamp in the bottom right hand corner of a thumbnail and said to yourself I ain't got time for this and so this is where the magic number eight comes into play YouTube lets you add more ads if your video is longer than 8 minutes if you jump into the YouTube Studio vent and monetization you'll see this option called mid roll ads where you can if you wish manually Place more ads throughout your video in this example I placed three manual ad spots which theoretically means I've just increased my potential revenue from that one video but in reality it doesn't mean that all of these ads will be shown to viewers and if you try to abuse the system YouTube will just laugh in your face when I tried it on this video Revenue simply went down so yeah don't do that you don't have to place these mid roll ads manually by the way YouTube will do it for you so there might never be a need to visit this screen but if you do want to specifically place and add at a certain point in the video because you know you have them hooked at least you've got that option so let's get on to RPMs and niches and yes they do play a big part so right here in this column is my RPM and honestly compared to other channels from what I've seen it looks like it's pretty low I don't really know the reason as to why maybe it's because I don't make Finance videos I know those have like a pretty high RPM Rebecca Joy is pretty much spot on here her Niche does somewhat dictate her RPM as a lifestyle channel it's a pretty broad topic with a wide audience appeal it's more likely to be a younger demographic too which means less disposable income all of that it's not as bad as the couch GM over in the sports Niche who showed an RPM of just $264 but we can go lower still Jack Craig has a football channel called nutmeg that's showing an RPM of just 50 cents so are you a creator that puts profit before passion there isn't anything inherently wrong with this but RPMs do become a very important metric and that means there's a lot of niches that you probably want to steer well clear of cooking channels reaction channels Fitness and music are all low earners a prank Channel which may fall under entertainment and comedy such as the C Sawyer Channel reported earned just $161 from each 1,000 views according to the Business Insider but at the same time there are always exceptions within a niche gaming usually gets a bad rap but Nifty is reporting an RPM of $250 and then more impressive still is Wick gaming with an RPM of just under €5 which exchanges to just over $5 and remember we mentioned music being Dreadful earlier on well Mary spender in the music Niche showed a CPM of £8.48 which is over $10 true this is CPM and not RPM but it's still an incredible figure from a music channel after YouTube's cut even if you do operate in a particular Niche the amount you earn May differ greatly from the average so it's not really worth complaining to YouTube if your figure is different to somebody else's it's to be expected anyway back to some examples what about the niche that's exploding on YouTube right now faceless channels the zini studio which is a channel that shows viewers how to make their own faceless channels shared an RPM of just over $6 but what about the other end of the RPM Spectrum how much do high earners rake in every 1,000 views Joshua Mayo one of those fabled Finance channels has an average RPM of over $20 that even Peaks up to $40 on certain days this digital marketing Channel reports at an RPM of over $11 when you see this as 2 million views over a year for $22,000 you start to see why certain creators made the decision to go into certain niches making money and digital marketing seem to be the most lucrative of niches but what's this I see educational videos with an average CPM of $989 but is this true well luckily on this occasion we have a lot of data to pour through cuz we can take a look at our Channel it looks like we do well above average for the niche with a CPM of over $15 and yet our RPM is well under $6 now my Mas isn't brilliant but that feels like more than a 45% cut from YouTube but this is where things can get incredibly complicated incredibly quickly I mean look at the variation here in CPM between different videos one about a faceless channel gets more than double the CPM of a video it's about how to start a gaming channel on YouTube and look at this videos about how much creators earn on YouTube do really high cpms too kind of why I'm making this video to be honest I need some more money for my Lego budget all right let's get down to the real business of this video 1,000 views C PMS RPMs is this what creators should be focusing their attention on if they want to make YouTube financially sustainable you know what I think it's time for a quick case study money Ortiz is a self-taught photographer who used to shoot weddings on the weekends while working full-time as a police officer he jumped on the YouTube bandwagon to Showcase his work as a photographer as it is for every Creator every month's income is different so his an example from September 2022 nearly $23,000 and how much do you think came from all of those ads I'll give you 5 Seconds barely 10% you see the smartest creators don't just rely on YouTube to sell their content to advertisers they Market themselves and earn way more because of it Manny sells an online course and presets for coloring filters he represents Brands he diversifies and is a business in his own right this is a problem you see creators get so obsessed with the scraps cpms RPM's ad Revenue that they fail to see the real Financial opportunities on YouTube yes absolutely ad revenue is the easiest way to make money on YouTube because you just flick a switch and YouTube takes care of a rest but YouTube also takes a lot from this and advertisers work within their own budgets you are at the very end of this financial funnel and it's getting squeezed by everybody along the way so stop focusing on how YouTube is going to monetize your content that will take care of itself you need to start researching how to I ize your audience and maybe your audience isn't big enough to do that yet but when it is the rewards will be so much greater to get you started down this road even YouTube offers you features on this topic before you even get ad Revenue they will help you directly connect with your community Through fan funding to find out more watch this video right now

  Top Comments:
  1. @Porterj-z3x [1 likes]: My RPM is $0. Oh wait I guess I'm not monetized yet 🤣
  2. @ehlmoyana1388: Thank you ❤
  3. @RLivestock: Thank you for sharing sir! I hope this year is my year🙏🙏🙏
  4. @georgeglas68: I'm not exactly sure about the cpm for ai videos. No one talks about them.
  5. @LevelUpDailyGrind: W
  6. @nasausa12: My RPM 0.05$😢😢
  7. @RONALDODLSGAME: EVERY SMALL CHANNEL WILL WE GET THERE ONE  JUST BELIEVE IN YOUR SELF ❤
  8. @snorpsworld: oh man
  9. @JohnyShakwa: Say you said about a long video or short video and how about live streaming
  10. @UnTouchableesss: Keep hustling, don’t leave a single day, you never know the day you’re skipping was the day to blast 🚀
  11. @intothedarkanimate: What's the estimate rpm for Animation channel? 5 to 20 mins video length average.
  12. @Jelinofficial-sr1vf: ☺️
  13. @olexandr_L: just starting out still need to find my style but everything needs time
  14. @Adimusafir279: Salam knl dr indonesia
  15. @Adimusafir279: Halo
  16. @AncientMew-151: nice😇👍
  17. @RandomGuy-y3w: Baka
  18. @LegendsLiesandLunacy: Love your videos so informative! and helpful
  19. @Albarote: Who is under 1k subs here 😅
  20. @DTitanWorks: Thank you very much! This video solves my curiosity

- Most Profitable YouTube Niches in 2026 (Real CPM & RPM Data): Kind: captions Language: en Welcome [music] to the 2026 guide on the most profitable YouTube niches based on real data on CPM and RPM from creator dashboards. [music] Understanding the difference between CPM and RPM is crucial. CPM is what advertisers pay for 1,000 ad impressions, but RPM is what you actually earn after YouTube's 45% cut. RPM is your real earnings metric, and [music] different niches can yield up to five times the revenue for the same view count. The top five highest RPM niches include betrayal and revenge narratives at $12.82 [music] RPM and English learning podcasts at $11.88 RPM. Others are soundsscapes for sleep, mana/webtune recaps, [music] and literary analysis. All are low competition and faceless friendly. Looking at average RPM [music] by major category, finance and investing leads with $10 to $15 RPM. This is followed by education and learning, tech and software, health and wellness, and finally gaming. Finance pays more because advertisers pay premium rates [music] to reach buyers with purchasing intent. We have identified [music] high CPM, low competition opportunities. Ultra- low competition niches include English learning podcasts and soundsscapes. Low competition niches include literary analysis and family court content. Competition is defined by having less than 50,000 competing channels. The fastest growing niches for 2026 show explosive growth of 15 times or more. This includes betrayal narratives, English learning podcasts, and senior health [music] and longevity. Strong growth niches include veteran kindness stories and weight loss before/After. If you prefer not [music] to be on camera, there are great faceless niches. Tier 1, offering $8 to $13 RPM, includes animated horror and finance guides. Tier 2, $6 to $9 RPM, covers business case studies and ASMR. Tier three, >> [music] >> $4 to $7 RPM, includes book summaries and gaming compilations. This full rate guide on YouTube CPM by niche shows that audiences in the US, Canada, and [music] UK can earn two to three times more than global averages. To find your [music] profitable niche, use the outlier kit method. First, identify outlier videos that perform 10 times better than the channel average. Analyze why they are outliers. Then find related micro niches and [music] validate your choice before creating content. Stop guessing and start growing. Find your [music] profitable YouTube niche using real performance data, not guesswork or gut feelings. You can start your free trial

  Top Comments:
  1. @Vicky-g8e8e: How anyone can listen with this loud background music 😢

- 25 Most Profitable YouTube Niches | Highest RPM, CPM Rates by Niche [4K]: Kind: captions Language: en you already know that different niches means different cpms on YouTube in other words you make specific for a specific people and you'll make a different advertising rate on your content I'm gonna count all the I'm going to give you some prices animals and pets 1.50 to around about eight dollars art 1.50 to round about eight dollars Beauty two dollars to around about ten dollars career advice three dollars to run about twelve dollars education K-12 2.50 to about twelve dollars family and parenting advice one dollar to around about eight dollars Fitness and dance two dollars for about ten dollars gardening one dollar fifty trying about eight dollars Home Improvement 1.50 try about eight dollars how to videos 1.50 to about eight dollars language learning two dollars fifty to run about twelve dollars lifestyle advice 1.50 to about eight dollars marketing three dollars to around about twelve dollars mental health Two Dollars around about ten dollars motivational videos 2.50 to round about twelve dollars Outdoors 1.50 to add about eight dollars personal finance three dollars to run about twelve dollars science Fiction and Fantasy one dollar to around about eight dollars self-improvement 2.50 to about twelve dollars social media two dollars fifty twelve Out twelve dollars spiritual content two dollars to write about ten dollars tech reviews two dollars to about twelve dollars True Crime 250 try about twelve dollars I'm flogging one dollar fifty to about eight dollars now remember this is all CPM so this is how much they pay ish to put adverts on your video and then there'll be a slice removed for YouTube before you receive it as RPM but if you want to increase this check out this video here

  Top Comments:
  1. @sportshortsfun [16 likes]: This isn’t correct. You should delete this information. I’m sure you did not do any working before creating this video, you just picked a random article and made a video on it. This is totally misleading information.
  2. @shandilyacodes [10 likes]: After my extensive research on the topic I have found the key insight about the niche specific RPM, here is what I learnt. For most of the niches, RPM is around 1 USD to 100 USD.
  3. @inspiringbuilds [6 likes]: This is a big range and honestly most RPM’s are within this range.  I will say for anyone doing it just for the money they will more than likely fail, you have to be passionate about your niche.
  4. @AlanSpicer [5 likes]: What type of videos do you make?
  5. @KardosoMedia [5 likes]: Interesting...I do travel content and I have several videos with CPM's of $20-$45 and RPM's of $10-$22.
  6. @RonGreeneComedian [2 likes]: I am a comedian and all of my videos are SUPPOSED to be funny. However, every now and then I will get serious and offer parenting advice. I am not imaginative enough to offer parenting advice as a platform or subject all its own. In the past 60 days or so I have discovered  Shorts and the number of subscribers has jumped! I was languishing around 160 subscribers and now I'm up to 287 in only 45 days or so. Keep in mind, I'm shooting from the hip. Some of my shorts as well as my other comedy videos are getting views in the 1000 to 6000 range, and a few are in the 10,000 to 22,000 range. I do not have any problem posting several shorts and videos per week, since every time I do my number of subscribers and views jumps tremendously. Can you offer any advice? Keep in mind, time is of the essence, since I'm 74 years old. I am so old that I no longer by green bananas. STOP! STOP! My sides are splitting!😂  Also, I love performing!
  7. @samijanpiano [1 likes]: In which categorie falls music?
  8. @MurraysMethods [1 likes]: MAX CPM AT A GLANCE
Animals/Pets $8
Art $8
Family/Parenting $8
Gardening $8
Home Improvement/How To $8
Lifestyle Advice $8
Outdoors $8
Sci Fi/Fantasy $8
Vlogging $8
Beauty $10
Fitness/Dance $10
Mental Health $10
Spirituality $12
Career Advice $12
Education K-12 $12
Language Learning $12
Marketing $12
Motivational $12
Personal Finance $12
Self Improvement $12
Social Media $12
Tech Reviews $12
True Crime $12
  9. @jmg9509 [1 likes]: 1:08 - Sceince fiction / fantasy
1:17 - Spirtual content
  10. @SpiceUpYourLife-h4x: What about food niche rpm?
  11. @DPHS.: What Categories on Youtube? I think it would be better if you'd identify each youtube category for every niche.
  12. @RightiesRage: Must have changed in the last 4mos because I am getting 24 cents per 1000 views
  13. @killerboy-sl3lg: woow
  14. @bts_officially: hey you forgot about Sports
  15. @nelo737: Auction 😂
  16. @SamuelDaram: Alan, where are the sources for the numbers you have shown for the "25 most profitable niches"? As of 7th August 2023, the Description   box does not display the sources. (07th August 2023).
  17. @fickschlitteSurvival: Definetly not accurate. Never ever.. Tech ist one of the best payed niches and you took it into the same earning category like self-improfement. That's definitely wrong. :(
  18. @VeronicaPatterson-o5r: I'm interested in posting crime videos but I don't know where to begin to be honest

- 3 Proven High CPM YouTube Niches in 2026: Kind: captions Language: en choosing the wrong or right Niche on YouTube can make all the difference check this out this video has 280,000 views and made $960 this video also has $280,000 views and made $4,600 that's five times more money with the same amount of views this is all because of one thing the video topics for these videos are slightly different if you're an unknowing YouTuber you might think that's very unfair you put in the same effort you get the same amount of views yet the other person gets paid five times more money today I'll break down how that works but most importantly explain how you can get paid more by making videos in one of the following niches this is coming from someone that has Channels with a $17 RPM that means I earn $17 for every th000 views my channel gets currently I earn just above $10,000 with only 600,000 views per month there are other YouTubers that would make just $1,000 with the same amount of views some of my videos RPMs go as high as $47 resulting in close to $5,000 in at revenue from about ,000 views that's just to let you know I understand how this works and I'm not making this up I also won't sell you any coaching or courses at the end of this video by the way so let's dive in CPM stands for cost per meal that means how much money do advertisers have to pay to get 1,000 Impressions on an ad the more likely your audience is to buy something expensive ensive the more money advertisers are willing to spend to get in front of your viewers resulting in a higher CPM for you so if you upload a video about how good the weather is today there's not really a clear audience for that topic advertisers won't be dying to get their ads on that video since there's no product they can easily sell on the other hand if you upload a video about dropshipping there's a clear audience for those videos with a specific outcome in mind building their own e-commerce business advertisers know this and because of that they pay premium prices to get their ads in front of Drop Shipping videos as viewers might be interested in buying research tools hosting platforms potentially even courses from online Drop Shipping gurus simply said there's a bunch of stuff you can sell to people that want to start Drop Shipping and they are likely to have money to spend as they want to start a business now that that's clear let's talk about actual niches my favorite is the software Niche the amount you get paid for 1,000 views here is is absolutely insane I have channels in this Niche and I've seen videos about certain softwares which I'll reveal in a bit go as high as $100 per 1,000 views if you hear numbers like that for the first time you might think I'm lying but please allow me to explain why this makes sense software companies have something that some might consider the eighth wonder of the world recurring Revenue once they get a customer in that same customer will pay a subscription fee every month over and over again which means the lifetime value per customer is really high for software companies compared to the more traditional businesses because of that they are also able to spend more money per acquisition for those that don't know that's the amount of money a company has to spend to get one customer since they know that customers will pay a subscription fee every month they're able and willing to spend premium money to acquire that customer take project management softwares this is a very high-paying industry it has recurring Revenue it's a very large industry and their customers usually will be businesses basically said it has all the ingredients for a high CPM Niche if you make a video about project management in general you will have all of the softwares competing to get in front of your audience this will drive up the price they have to pay and that's why the cpms are so high on these types of videos let's Analyze This Channel at first you might think this is a debt Channel since they have close to 200,000 subscribers and their latest video only has 700 views but in reality she gets 400,000 views per month her channel is about project management and chances are she gets paid above $30 per th000 views which means that just her ad revenue is above 10,000 a month to prove my point let's click on one of her videos and see what type of AD shows up as you can see it's an ad by the biggest project management software in the world this ad doesn't show up by accident this company wants to get in front of her viewers and spend a premium to do that if we go to to their Channel you'll see they have videos with 40 million views in total this video here has 40 million views in just 3 months and gets 3,000 views per hour so you can imagine how much money they're spending each day on these YouTube ads and that is just one example I recommend you to do research and find a large industry in which there are many popular software companies double check if these companies run ads which you can do by going to their YouTube channel and filter on most popular videos If you see videos with millions of views you know they run ads you can also click on videos about the topic and see which ads show up a few more examples of this are software companies in the email marketing space like MailChimp or Bravo or even the e-commerce space with companies like Shopify big Commerce and many more my second favorite Niche is everything within the online business space I will show you examples in a bit but first let me explain why this is a high CPM industry thinking back to where a high CPM comes from it's advertisers that are willing to spend money to get in front of an audience that is definitely the case with online business I've seen that on the channel you're watching right now as well I have many videos about YouTube automation which is a new online business model I usually make around $10 for every th000 views when I upload a video on this topic that's just an example and to be honest it's not even the best one you will find the highest cpms when making videos about Amazon FBA and Drop Shipping these are Industries with two important factors that make up for the big payout the first one is software companies making tons of money in this industry I've already explained why and how that works a few minutes ago on top of that these online business models have a bunch of gurus that sell courses and we're better to find your ideal customer for a Drop Shipping course than on Drop Shipping videos if I click on a Drop Shipping video you will see ads from Shopify other software companies and people that have some sort of training program or a course because these are usually High ticket offers their cost per acquisition can be higher enabling them to spend premium money to get in front of your views for this I recommend you to do research on upcoming online business models a recent example of this could be something that goes by the name of growth operating there's a few guys talking about this on their Channel and because of that it kind of blew up I've seen that firsthand as my DMs are loaded with these so-called growth operators but because this is new and upcoming there's not so much content content about it and potentially no dedicated channel for it if you start making content in this industry you'll get paid well and are likely to grow rather easily as there's barely anyone making videos about it a great example of this is Eddie he made a full guide to become a growth operator and that is sitting at over 100,000 views because the video is really long he's able to put a lot of AD braks in it which drives up the RPM even higher you can also turn on your VPN and set it to a location in the US then go to you YouTube and see what kind of ads show up when you click on online business videos and reverse engineer what you can make your videos about now even though all of that is great you can have a high CPM but you still need views in order to actually make money because of that I have made this free 1hour keyword research tutorial for you the feedback on this has been insane and I've seen people triple their views within just 30 days with my steps I will leave the link to this video in the description Down Below in case you want to check it out but finally one of the highest CPM niches on YouTube is the finance Niche obviously we've got the well-known example of Graham Steven for this in case you don't know who this is Graham is a finance YouTuber with over 4 million subscribers and a total view count of over 900 million he was one of the first to be transparent about how much money YouTube paid him right now this is not uncommon but back in the day no one did this he revealed that on some of his videos he got paid up to $20 per th000 views that is great but what's even better is he went mainstream and had days with over 500,000 views that's $110,000 a day with ad Revenue now in general the finance neede will pay you a ton of money but what topics can you talk about my personal favorites are stocks crypto personal finance investing budgeting and actually a few more but you get the idea there's also a few variants like real estate or fintech for example I found this new channel who just started her channel in finance space she's making paycheck and budgeting videos her video about how much she saved and invested at her age is currently doing really well with 30 views per hour this is a great example of someone that just started but is already seeing some great results as soon as she gets monetized she'll make bank for every thousand views she gets the only problem for most of these topics is that they are very saturated this is because everyone wants to make this High CPM content however there is a solution for that in my opinion the solution is making targeted searchable videos in certain industries this is what I have been doing since 2020 and I have seen all My Success from it if you want to learn how this works and how you can rank any of your new YouTube videos number one on YouTube click the video on the screen or the link in the description and I will see you there

  Top Comments:
  1. @Aarush.A.S [92 likes]: What about chess niche?
  2. @AlexHormozi-SkoolGames2024 [42 likes]: Straight to the sauce as always! Your YT keyword research video mentioned is the best I've ever watched also. Keep up the great work Youri!
  3. @Luki_Bin [2 likes]: What is the CPM of car reviews channel?😊
  4. @vastgoedbuddiesnl [1 likes]: Question 🙋‍♀️ I’m thinking about making a channel about tiktok and share how I got 500 customers in 5 weeks. Doubt if I should do it in my native language or English? Feels like English works better here? What do you think? ❤
  5. @danivictoria_ [1 likes]: This is really good stuff, you are detailed and insightful, i like how there's no course you want to sell you just add a lot of value in your videos  I'm sure that's paying off
  6. @BintaAdefemi [1 likes]: This is fantastic! 😘💯
  7. @thehorrornight7217 [1 likes]: This was so helpful
  8. @Zainkdrama: Thanks bro!! ❤
  9. @duiliogomes: Thank you so very much!
  10. @DarkMedia1.0: Thanks for sharing your knowledge and experience. If you're starting a new channel like me, don't give up and just keep grinding. Just remember, "Rome wasn't built in a day".
  11. @SunshineStories-dl5ek: its impossible to get more views man
  12. @Nutpretselz: Video made 4,600 NOT 46,000

Video is very helpful btw. 💯
Thanks
  13. @MD.USMAN_GANI: Your Video quality is really impressive brother 👩‍💻
  14. @rzjrzjrzjzjzjzwejwzjzrtjrtzj: well done
  15. @youssef86664: Hello Youri What do you think in the field of health and wellness, how much does it cost per 1000 views
  16. @CriptoCard: That's what I was looking for, thanks for the tip.
  17. @Triple-GGG-r6: That's what I was looking for, thank you
  18. @VictorClarknice: gracias por la informacion, me ha sdio  de gran ayuda
  19. @atores_e_atrizes: Amazing insights, this was so helpful, thank you!! :face-red-heart-shape::face-red-heart-shape:
  20. @yossefmohammed-yv2oz: Great video thanks for help

- Top 5 YouTube Niches With Crazy High CPM's 2025: Kind: captions Language: en Here are the top five YouTube niches that have crazy high CPMs. Hi, I'm Nat from Studio Hacks, and on this YouTube channel, I teach people how to make a full-time passive income by creating faceless YouTube videos. Here are the top five niches for YouTube with crazy high CPMs. One of my favorite niches is tech and gadgets. You can make explainer videos. You can make faceless videos about anything in this space. You can expect to get between $15 and $25 per,000 views. The next one that is an evergreen niche is the health and wellness niche. This can pay from just under $20 all the way up to $30 per,000 views. One of the longtime really high-erforming niches is basically how to make money online because there are a lot of advertisers willing to pay high amounts for to put their uh advertising in front of your video. So that can pay anywhere from 20 to $35. And I've actually had some videos in this niche earn me almost $70 RPMs, which is amazing. It means you can earn $700 from just 10,000 views, which is fairly achievable on YouTube. The next one is personal finance. This is a amazing niche for high CPMs, $25 to $40. And probably the best one at the moment because there's so many new tools coming out is the software and AI tools niche. You can expect to get anywhere from $30 to $50 in this niche. So, I am no longer gatekeeping my information on how to make money on YouTube. I've actually put together a free PDF. It's my blueprint for how I make over $20,000 a month making faceless YouTube videos. If you would like me to send you a free copy of the PDF, just comment YouTube and I'll send it right over. And that brings us to the end of the video. Thanks for watching. Make sure you like and subscribe while you are here and we'll see you next time. [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @allpoints2343 [2 likes]: Youtube pls
  2. @PrincessAnietie: Youtube
  3. @alpyerdm: YouTube
  4. @Klintkoppel: Youtube
  5. @loadfo8178: YOUTUBE
  6. @ishakaonoriode7874: YOUTUBE
  7. @marcus.sevebo: YouTube
  8. @KukiTrail: youtube
  9. @Brooke--Lynn: Youtube
  10. @susilkumardakua2022: YouTube
  11. @magcrown888: YouTube
  12. @jackimenreytoyorada: Youtube
  13. @restlessavior: YouTube
  14. @tannersmithvideography9091: youtube
  15. @wohlster4169: YouTube
  16. @ReynadoJrPua: youtube
  17. @armyveteran101st: YouTube
  18. @tremmadre: Youtube
  19. @Christian_dome: YouTube
  20. @Iammclovinjr12-_-: YouTube

- Top 10 High CPM YouTube Proven Niches For 2026: Kind: captions Language: en Welcome to your channel. I'm Derek. Did you know that in 2024, some YouTube creators are earning a staggering $50 per thousand views in certain niches? Imagine turning your passion into a lucrative source of income with just a few clicks. Today, we're diving deep into the top 10 YouTube niches that can skyrocket your earnings this year. Whether you're a seasoned creator or just starting out, you won't believe how easy it is to get started in these profitable areas. Let's unlock the potential for your channel together. Presentation of problem or challenge. Choosing the right niche on YouTube can be a significant hurdle for many creators. With thousands of channels competing for attention, identifying a niche that not only aligns with your passions, but also maximizes monetization potential is crucial. Many creators find themselves struggling to select a niche that offers high CPM rates while maintaining audience interest. Moreover, fluctuating ad rates and evolving viewer preferences make it challenging to predict which niches will yield the best financial returns. As a result, creators often miss out on opportunities that could significantly enhance their earnings and channel growth. Now, let's jump into our list of the top 10 high CPM niches for 2024. Number one, finance and investing. Finance and investing. This niche is booming with a growing audience eager to learn about personal finance, stock market strategies, and investment opportunities. Channels that focus on these topics often attract high-paying ads, resulting in CPMs exceeding $40. Creators can provide valuable insights, tips on wealth building, and investment analysis, making this niche not only profitable, but also impactful. Popular finance YouTubers like Graham Stefen have successfully monetized their expertise, proving that financial literacy is both lucrative and essential in today's economy. Number two, health and fitness. This niche encompasses a wide range of topics including workout routines, nutrition advice, mental wellness, and healthy living tips. With the growing emphasis on well-being, channels focusing on fitness can attract a dedicated audience eager for guidance. Popular formats include workout videos, meal prep tutorials, and expert interviews. With high demand for health rellated content, creators can often achieve CPM rates of $30 or more, especially when partnering with fitness brands and promoting wellness products. Number three, technology reviews. Technology reviews. This niche covers the latest gadgets, software, and tech innovations, attracting a techsavvy audience eager for expert opinions. Channels that review smartphones, laptops, and emerging technologies can benefit from lucrative sponsorships and affiliate marketing opportunities. With CPM rates often exceeding $35, creators can monetize their passion for technology effectively. By providing in-depth analysis, comparisons, and hands-on demonstrations, tech reviewers can build a loyal following, making it a profitable niche for both enthusiasts and aspiring YouTubers. Number four, real estate. Real estate. This niche remains one of the highest paying areas on YouTube with CPM rates often exceeding $40. Channels that focus on property investment tips, market trends, and home buying advice attract a dedicated audience eager to learn. Successful creators can partner with real estate agencies and related brands for lucrative sponsorships. Additionally, showcasing stunning property tours and renovations can capture viewers attention and drive engagement, making real estate a profitable niche for aspiring YouTubers. Number five, educational content. Educational content. This niche has seen significant growth, especially with the rise of online learning. Channels that provide tutorials, lessons, and insights on various subjects can attract a wide audience. From language learning to coding, the demand for educational content is immense. Creators in this niche can earn CPMs around $25 or more, especially if they offer valuable, engaging, and well ststructured lessons. With platforms like YouTube prioritizing educational content, now is the perfect time to dive into this lucrative niche. Number six, travel. Travel content on YouTube remains a lucrative niche in 2024, attracting audiences eager to explore new destinations and experiences. Channels that showcase travel tips, destination guides, and unique adventures can earn CPMs between 20 and $30. By highlighting luxury travel, budget friendly trips or off-the-beaten path locations, creators can engage diverse viewers. Collaborations with travel brands, tourism boards, and affiliate marketing opportunities further enhance earning potential, making travel content a rewarding choice for aspiring YouTubers looking to capitalize on their passion for exploration. Number seven, automotive. The automotive niche is a thriving area on YouTube, attracting millions of car enthusiasts and potential buyers. Channels focusing on car reviews, comparisons, and industry news can achieve impressive CPM rates, often exceeding $30. This niche offers opportunities for sponsorships with automotive brands, parts suppliers, and car manufacturers. Engaging content such as in-depth reviews, DIY maintenance tips, and showcasing the latest models can drive significant views, making it a lucrative choice for creators passionate about automobiles. Number eight, home improvement and DIY. Home improvement and DIY content has become increasingly popular, appealing to a wide audience interested in enhancing their living spaces. Channels in this niche can cover various topics from simple decor projects to extensive renovations. Creators often showcase step-by-step tutorials, budget friendly tips, and innovative hacks, making home improvement accessible to everyone. With an average CPM of $25 or more, this niche not only allows for creativity, but also offers lucrative monetization opportunities as viewers seek to personalize their homes. Number nine, legal advice. Legal advice on YouTube can be a highly lucrative niche, often achieving CPMs exceeding $50. Channels focusing on legal topics such as rights, contracts, and business law attract a targeted audience, including entrepreneurs and individuals seeking legal information. Creators can provide valuable insights on navigating complex legal issues while building a loyal viewer base. Additionally, partnering with legal firms for sponsorships or affiliate marketing can further enhance revenue potential in this niche. Overall, legal advice is a promising area for aspiring YouTubers. Number 10, gaming. This niche is one of the most popular on YouTube, attracting millions of viewers and a dedicated community. Channels focusing on game reviews, walkthroughs, tutorials, and live streams can earn CPMs of $20 or more. Popular titles like Fortnite, Call of Duty, and Minecraft consistently generate high view counts, leading to lucrative ad deals. Successful creators often diversify their content with sponsorships and merchandise, maximizing their earnings in this competitive and ever evolving landscape. Climax key moment. And now the niche that stands out the most is finance and investing. This niche not only offers the highest CPM but also has a growing audience as more people seek financial independence. The demand for financial literacy is at an all-time high, making it a gold mine for content creators. For instance, channels like Graham Stefen and Andre J have made significant income by providing valuable financial advice. The numbers speak for themselves. And if you're looking to tap into a lucrative niche, finance is the way to go. As we wrap up this exploration of the top 10 high CPM YouTube niches for 2024, it's clear that choosing the right niche can make a significant impact on your earning potential. Whether you're passionate about finance, health, technology, or gaming, there's a lucrative opportunity waiting for you. The landscape of YouTube continues to evolve. And with the right approach, dedication, and creativity, you can carve out a successful path for yourself. Remember, the key to success lies not just in picking a niche, but in delivering valuable and engaging content that resonates with your audience. If you found this video helpful, don't forget to like it as it helps spread the word and support our community. Share your thoughts in the comments below about which niche you're excited to explore or any experiences you'd like to share. And of course, if you want to stay updated with more insights and tips on growing your channel, be sure to subscribe and hit the notification bell. Together, we can navigate this journey and achieve great success in 2024 and beyond. Thanks for watching and I can't wait to see you in the next

- The ONLY 8 Faceless Niches That Will Make You Rich in 2025: Kind: captions Language: en I have researched hundreds of faceless YouTube channels to find the eight niches that will actually help you succeed and make money in 20125 but before we get into the niches I want you to take a look at this now this is a faceless Channel with over 634 th000 subscribers that averages 5 million views in a year and if you look at their revenue they have made a little under $10,000 in the past year compare that to this faceless Channel it was launched in the April of 2023 they only have 97 videos on their Channel and they got a little over 6 million views in the last year about 1.2x more views than the previous channel but if you look at their revenue they recently revealed that they made over $45,000 from AdSense in the last year that is four times more Revenue than the previous channel so how is it that one channel with just 1.2 times more views is making four times more Revenue that too in a fraction of the time that it took the first first channel to get there the answer here lies in the niche they've chosen the first channel is in the psychology Niche where the RPM or the money that YouTube pays per th000 views ranges between $2.5 to $5 so this channel earned around $2 for every th000 views compare that with the second Channel which is in the AI Niche where RPMs are currently higher ranging between $4 to $10 per th000 views for how to AI it seems to be closer to the $7.5 per th000 views range so if you really want to make money from your faceless Channel it becomes super important to pick the right Niche because you can put in the same amount of effort into two videos get 100,000 views on both but the one that is in a low paying Niche might only end up making you $200 while the one in a high paying Niche can make you over ,000 your Niche clearly plays a very important role in the amount of money you make on YouTube which is why we've put together this list some of the niches here are so new that the exact RPMs aren't available yet but don't worry I'm going to share examples of real faceless channels that are absolutely crushing it in these niches and show you how you can also replicate their success and to make things even easier I'm going to rate each Niche on a scale of 1 to 10 on the basis of their earning potential and how easy it is to create videos in them we'll start with the niche that has the lowest earning potential and work our way up to the ones offering the highest revenue opportunities let's dive in with Niche number eight anime self-help videos now this is a unique Twist on the self-improvement niche blending personal growth with captivating anime visuals now this is a niche that is likely to blow up in 2025 and we can already see examples like Incognito CEO who gained over 200,000 subscribers with just 15 videos they are averaging 140,000 views per month and earning close to $300 per month making their RPM around $2 another great example is Fame inspector who reached 94.9 th000 subscribers with just 12 videos he averages about 450,000 views per month and earns close to $2,000 a month from YouTube AdSense making his RPM around $4.5 per th000 views now the beauty of this Niche is that it allows you to tackle topics that work in the self-help space like building discipline gaining confidence Breaking Bad Habits Etc all while using engaging anime clips so if you are already someone who is creating content in the self-help space but not seeing a lot of success using this method instead can help your Channel grow faster and here's the best part you do not need to be an anime expert to get started with tools like in video AI you can actually now create motivational anime clips in minutes the version 3 release of nid allows you to create full-fledged videos in multiple animation Styles including anime and that makes it a lot easier for you to create consistent content in this space now coming to the rating I would give this Snee an earning potential of 4 out of 10 and an ease of video creation potential of 9 on 10 and that makes the average score of this Niche 6.5 out of 10 moving on to Niche number seven Moral Stories you remember having moral science classes in school right this is just the YouTube version of that here you share simple impactful stories that teach valuable lessons now this might seem similar to the self-help space but it involves a lot more storytelling and focuses just on the moral lessons so it's a sub Niche within a niche and again this is an untapped one so if you jump in right now you have the potential to gain a lot of views and a lot of subscriber in a relatively short span of time dream Sparks is a prime example of a channel in this Niche they get over 200,000 views a month and considering that they only started one year ago they are already making over $1,000 per month the estimated RPM here would be about $5 per th000 views another success story is that of wise Vibes such a tongue twister they get around 30,000 views in a month and make around $200 each month which makes their RPM even higher at $6 per th000 views now keep in mind that these are just estimates but they give you a fair understanding of the potential that this Niche has as the views increase RPMs are likely to go up as well and again the best part of this Niche is that the videos are super easy to make have a look here once a child came to visit his grandfather during his summer holidays he used to play with his grandpa all the time one day he said to his grandpa when I grow up I want to become a successful man you can easily find stories on Google in books you can even ask chat GPD to write them for you and then use an AI tool like nid AI to bring them to life now coming to the rating I would give this a five on 10 for the earning potential and 9 on 10 for the ease of video creation making a total for this Niche a 7 on 10 I honestly believe that this is one of those niches that if you approach it properly you do stand to gain a lot in 2025 from creating videos in it coming to Niche number six ancient philosophy now you must have already seen a lot of shorts channels talking about ancient philosophies getting pretty popular in 2024 and this trend continues in 2025 and is moving to long form videos as well philosophies for life is a channel in this Niche that averages about 500,000 views in a month and he earns about $2,000 every single month giving it an RPM of $4 per th000 views now the potential in this Niche seems to increase the further you Niche down for instance sto Journal a channel that is focused just on the stoicism aspect of this space got over 700,000 views in the last month and made an upward of $4,000 giving him an RPM of close to $6 for th000 views and he achieved this in less than a year of starting this channel it was launched in January of 2024 again the beauty of creating content here is that it's fairly easy to do with whatever tool you have on hand the information for your videos is is also readily available through books through articles and now even AI now coming to the rating I'm going to give it a 6 on 10 for its earning potential and an 8 on 10 for its ease of video creation making the total score a 7 on 10 coming to Niche number five business documentaries now business is a field that directly overlaps with finance and making money which actually gives this Niche a decent RPM plus the storytelling potential makes it a crowd bullup magnetes media is a classic example of a channel in this Niche that does this incredibly well he creates in-depth documentaries on how big companies were founded and the controversy surrounding them they pull over 2 million views a month and make somewhere around $115,000 every single month this gives them an RPM of over $7.5 per th000 views and that is a conservative estimate company man is another channel in this space that got over 1.5 million views in the last month and made over 10 ,000 making his RPM about $6.5 per th000 views now the reason that this is such a great Niche to Target is because the competition is relatively low because the barrier to entry is higher these two channels that I just talked about are potentially the only channels that are doing this well so if you can create Banger videos and do it consistently there is a lot of money to be made in this space having said that making documentaries can be a challenging task you have to put in significant time and energy into researching scripting then editing your videos so if you are not passionate about the content in this space it will be very hard for you to sustain so tread with gosh coming to the rating for The Niche it has an earning potential of 9 on 10 absolute banger but the ease of video creation is around a 3 or 4 out of 10 making the total score for this Niche a 6.5 out of 10 this brings us to my personal favorite Niche which is horror and scary story videos it offers High earnings and the videos are relatively easy to create and that actually makes it a very deadly combination we have spoken about this as a niche multiple times on this channel and it continues to be a great one to Target in 2025 for exactly those reasons all you need are creepy images a eie voiceover a spine chilling story and voila you actually have the potential to get millions of views take this channel chilling scares for example they got 18 million views in the last month and made over 100,000 that is millionaire potential right there another Channel Mr nightmare who we have mentioned several times on this channel averages over 500,000 views for almost every single upload and he's also making similar amount of money and if you think that oh my God they've been around for years and their success is due to years of hard work I want you to look at Mr KN scares this channel was launched in June of 2023 so a little over 1.5 years ago and he draws in 200,000 views every single month making close to $2,000 per month now according to these estimates the RPM for this Niche ranges anywhere between $5 to $12 per th000 views so if you are a Horror Story Enthusiast and you can pull out great horror stories you actually have the potential to build a massive audience in a relatively shorter period of time we actually made a dedicated video on this topic so if you're interested in this Niche be sure to check that out coming to the ratings I would say it has an earning potential of 8 on 10 and an EAS of video creation potential of 7 on 10 making the average score for this Niche a 7.5 on 10 this brings us to Niche number three and now the Final Countdown begins basic Financial education the key word here is basic now while there are a lot of Finance channels out there within this Niche instead of diving into complex topics like stocks or real estates Basic Finance channels focus on foundational Financial knowledge like essential skills needed to earn money or habits that keep people or sacrifices required to become wealthy and things like that it also slightly overlaps with self-development as a niche because both of them go hand in hand so this means you don't actually need a finance degree to be able to create such videos you can gather your information from reliable sources like books articles even use AI for this and then present it in an engaging way now because this Niche falls under the finance category the RPMs can range between 12 to $20 per th000 views so even with a modest view count you can ear significantly more than other faceless channels alux is a prime example of a channel in this space they average about 3.5 million views in a month and make around $25,000 per month they create basic Financial videos and still earn a lot of money plus such channels also frequently get sponsorships that add another Revenue stream to their hat Chris invests is another example he makes about $2,000 from a little over 250,000 views per month he uses simple whiteboard animations and States up front that his content is not Financial advice but basic Financial knowledge proving that anyone can really enter this space now this style of videos that Chris invest does is something that you can actually now create on your own with nid AI with the new V3 release along with several other animation Styles so make sure you give it a try coming to the rating for this Niche um I'm going to give it a 9 on 10 for its earning potential obviously and a 7 on 10 for its ease of video creation which makes the total score an 8 on 10 coming to Niche number two make money online with Ai No list of faceless niches would be complete without mentioning this a niche that perfectly Blends two blooming Trends together make money online and AI tools now it has an earning potential of 9 on 10 right out of the park and an ease of video creation score of about 5 on 10 so the average comes out to be about 7 on 10 the RPM ranges between $7 to $10 per th000 views and there are several channels doing very well in this space we have spoken about most of these channels on inv video multiple times there's 10x income who grew to 300K subscribers with just 55 videos he also revealed his earnings in this YouTube sh if it was like this video where I earned $18 per th000 views but since my viral video only earned $2 I've only made $1,998 49 other examples include ISAC who got 134,000 subscribers with just five videos how to AI who makes close to $4,000 every single month and digital income project who has 239 subscribers and makes over $2,000 a month with just 40 videos so now that you understand the potential how can you start your own AI focused Channel well we have actually created in-depth videos that dissect the strategies of successful channels like 10x income and Isaac these tutorials show you everything from finding great video ideas to creating engaging content so make sure you do watch them to get a head start on building your own faceless AI Channel if this is the niche that you want to Target and now moving on to Niche number one drum roll please 3D animation and I bet that you did not think this was going to be on the list 3D animation is one of the most exciting faceless niches right now and it is taking YouTube by storm the two examples that I'm going to show you are going to blow your mind there is Zack D films the pioneer of the space he creates 3D ated videos sharing weird or real facts primarily as shorts and right now he is completely dominating this Niche he gets 2.6 billion billion with a B views a month and despite just making shorts his earnings are estimated to be somewhere in the 20 to $80,000 per month range another example is the outliners uh they launched in November of 2023 and have already gained over 655,000 subscribers with just 95 short they get around 11 million views in a month and even with the most conservative estimate they are still making over $10 to $15,000 every single month and that gives you an estimate of the earning potential in this Niche While most of the channels doing this right now exist in the short form space there is massive potential if you do this long form it does come with caveats though making 3D animations is tough there's no two ways about it the traditional way is to either create animations yourself which will mean you need to learn animation and then need to spend hours creating the animations or to hire an animator this makes the process both timec consuming and costly now earlier I would have given it an ease of video creation score of 2 on 10 but now I believe it's become a lot easier because of AI uh the new version of nid AI for example lets you create full-fledged animated videos on any topic including several types of 3D animations holy crap guys you won't believe the insane stuff about ancient first up Emperor Caligula this dude was Bonkers he made his horse a senator and claimed to be a living God can you imagine but wait it gets crazier Emperor Nero took partying to a new level it is generative AI for complete videos so it can still be slightly timec consuming but compared to hiring animators or doing it yourself you do get done with it at a fraction of the time and a fraction of the cost I would now rate the E of video creation at about a 6 on 10 and the earning potential at about a 9 on 10 giving it an overall score of 7.5 on 10 now we've talked so much about niches and what niches you need to Target in 2025 but how do you decide which of these niches to pick for your own channel I would suggest assessing your core goal what is it to grow on YouTube to make money whatever it is and then combine that with something that you are passionate about creating because even if your goal is making money you need to be able to create videos in a space where you can sustain the momentum where you can sustain your consistency and that cannot happen unless you are in a niche where you like creating content so don't just Chase high RPMs alone because YouTube is a marathon it's not a Sprint it takes time to build successful faceless channels and to earn decent revenue from them picking a niche that you enjoy creating content in is just as crucial as picking one that has a high RPM now once you've chosen that Niche you have two options you can either spend months or even years trying out different methods to see what works or you can simply watch our next video where we literally reveal the secret strategies that YouTubers use to make the money that they do and how you can implement it for your own channel in 2025 so I highly recommend that you check out this one next and I'm going to see you guys very very soon with another video

  Top Comments:
  1. @ytcreatorscircle [369 likes]: Excellent video! Identifying profitable faceless niches is crucial for creating a sustainable YouTube channel, and I completely agree that tapping into the right niches can skyrocket growth. What stands out to me is the emphasis on focusing on demand rather than competition—filling gaps in the market can lead to long-term success. In my experience, blending faceless content with highly engaging storytelling and SEO optimization can make all the difference in capturing attention. Which of these niches do you think has the highest potential for organic growth in 2025? I’ve been exploring similar strategies on my channel, and it’d be great to connect and share ideas for growing faceless channels effectively!
  2. @CruzLola-p4f [1 likes]: Advice from an older colleague: find the niche that you love, analyze it, read the sales page effect book, and follow its steps.
  3. @LongEllie-l1f [1 likes]: We are marketers, not statisticians. This quote I read in The Sales Page Effect book by Tom Gvinadi will stay with me forever. Tom changed my money situation for good. Wish everyone could read it before starting their own hustle.
  4. @larazizzle: Im excited
  5. @MoneyStartSimple: Amazing, great and beautiful woman ❤
  6. @KittyDooVlog: I caught the cat♥️🐈 behind you
  7. @abyGetinspired: Thank you for the advice. New YouTubers let’s grow together 😊
  8. @RoseCook-x7v4s: best mobile apps for productivity
  9. @iamputul-s: Started channel from today, let's see after 1 year
  10. @keralam24-7: 🎉
  11. @learnwithdamini: This list is super helpful! For those who have already started a faceless channel, which niche do you think is the most sustainable for a long-term project?
  12. @Psychologist-dhananjay: Great editing and excellent storytelling learned a lot ❤
  13. @KeyaMele-n8t: Zach d film is goated
  14. @RobertsGiuliano: Great video. I see it aligns with the sales page book by tom gvinadi. It helped me make a lot of money online.
  15. @Rogers하준-z5j: A lot of this is mentioned in the sales page effect book. Got me a lot of money and I started with computer and internet connection.
  16. @NelsonRadosław-e8s: This is so accurate. I’ve seen so many people give up too early because they think online business is just luck or timing, but it really isn’t. It’s more about learning from mistakes than anything else, and I had plenty of learning material :D. I was stuck for a long time trying different approaches, and nothing seemed to stick. Thankfully, after all these years, I am on my way to the mil, and there were times when I literally had almost nothing. I wasted so much time until I came across The Sales Page Effect by Tom Gvinadi. This book changed everything I was doing for good.
  17. @DiazEmilia-w6t: A lot of this is mentioned in the sales page effect book. Got me a lot of money from scratch.
  18. @CastilloSophie: read the sales page effect book by tom gvinadi and make money online
  19. @JacksonStephanie-b4t: cant believe that no one talks about the sales page effect book by tom gvinadi. it made me so much money.
  20. @RuizFanney: A lot of this is mentioned in the sales page effect book. Got me a lot of money from scratch.

- Create Viral Virum-Style Monetizable Videos with FREE AI: Kind: captions Language: en This YouTube channel is still less than a year&nbsp; old, yet it has already grown to over 2 million&nbsp;&nbsp; subscribers — and honestly, once you see the&nbsp; videos, it’s easy to understand why. Most of&nbsp;&nbsp; their uploads pull insane numbers consistently.&nbsp; We’re talking 20 million, 50 million, 80 million,&nbsp;&nbsp; and sometimes well over 100 million views on a&nbsp; single video. The videos are simple, emotional,&nbsp;&nbsp; dramatic, and extremely addictive to watch. They create emotional storytelling videos built&nbsp;&nbsp; around kindness, misunderstanding, sacrifice,&nbsp; suspense, and unexpected emotional endings. Their&nbsp;&nbsp; content hooks viewers almost immediately and keeps&nbsp; people watching till the very end. And right here&nbsp;&nbsp; is a video I personally created using the same&nbsp; method I’m about to show you in this tutorial.&nbsp; In this video, I’m going to show you step by step&nbsp; how to create these highly engaging emotional&nbsp;&nbsp; AI videos from scratch, even as a beginner. I’ll&nbsp; walk you through the full process from generating&nbsp;&nbsp; the story idea to creating the visuals and&nbsp; turning everything into captivating videos&nbsp;&nbsp; people actually want to watch. So stay connected&nbsp; throughout the video because every step matters. Step 1: Generating the Story and Scene Prompts Now the first thing we need is an emotionally&nbsp;&nbsp; engaging story, and to make this easy, I’ve&nbsp; already prepared a detailed prompt for you.&nbsp;&nbsp; You’ll find the prompt in the description of&nbsp; this video. This prompt is designed to generate&nbsp;&nbsp; the full story structure, including the pacing,&nbsp; video style, scene breakdowns, subtitle direction,&nbsp;&nbsp; and even audio suggestions for the video. So simply copy the entire prompt,&nbsp;&nbsp; head over to ChatGPT, paste the&nbsp; prompt, and hit enter. Within moments,&nbsp;&nbsp; ChatGPT will generate a complete emotional&nbsp; story for you in a scene-by-scene format,&nbsp;&nbsp; making the entire process much easier and faster. You’ll notice that when you paste the prompt and&nbsp;&nbsp; hit enter, ChatGPT will automatically&nbsp; generate a complete ready-made story.&nbsp;&nbsp; But if you want to create your own unique&nbsp; story idea instead, that’s very easy to do.&nbsp;&nbsp; After pasting the prompt into ChatGPT, before&nbsp; hitting enter, simply type something like “Give&nbsp;&nbsp; me 15 story ideas”. Once you do that, ChatGPT&nbsp; will analyze the prompt and generate 15 fresh&nbsp;&nbsp; emotional story ideas similar to the type of&nbsp; content used by the channel we are modeling.&nbsp; The good thing about this is that you’ll never run&nbsp; out of content ideas if you decide to enter this&nbsp;&nbsp; niche. You can generate as many story concepts&nbsp; as you want anytime. For this tutorial, I’ll be&nbsp;&nbsp; working with Idea Number 10 — The Police Knock.&nbsp; Once you choose your preferred idea or topic,&nbsp;&nbsp; ChatGPT will automatically generate detailed&nbsp; scenes for it, breaking everything down into&nbsp;&nbsp; sections like the visuals, camera, audio,&nbsp; voiceover, subtitle and even music. And with that,&nbsp;&nbsp; you now have the complete blueprint&nbsp; needed to start creating your video. Step 2: Generating the Images Now that our story and scene breakdown are ready,&nbsp;&nbsp; the next step is to generate the images for each&nbsp; scene, and for this, I’ll be using Topview AI.&nbsp;&nbsp; Topview AI is an all-in-one AI creation&nbsp; platform that makes generating high-quality&nbsp;&nbsp; images and videos much faster and easier,&nbsp; especially for storytelling content like this.&nbsp; To get started, use the link in the description to&nbsp; sign up and open the platform. Once you’re inside,&nbsp;&nbsp; you can click on “AI Image” at the top of&nbsp; the prompt box to generate images normally.&nbsp;&nbsp; But for more detailed and organized scene&nbsp; creation, I recommend using the “Storyboard”&nbsp;&nbsp; feature instead. Simply place your cursor on the&nbsp; image icon on the toolbar and select Storyboard.&nbsp;&nbsp; This opens a more advanced workspace that helps&nbsp; create better structured cinematic scenes with&nbsp;&nbsp; more precise layouts and storytelling flow. Inside the storyboard workspace, simply&nbsp;&nbsp; describe what your story is about, and Topview&nbsp; AI will intelligently analyze your description&nbsp;&nbsp; and generate a detailed visual breakdown&nbsp; of the important moments in your scene.&nbsp;&nbsp; This new Storyboard workflow powered by&nbsp; GPT-Image 2 is honestly one of the most&nbsp;&nbsp; efficient and cost-saving ways to create AI videos&nbsp; right now because it helps you generate multiple&nbsp;&nbsp; key story moments in a single structured output&nbsp; instead of creating scenes one by one manually.&nbsp; Now head back to ChatGPT,&nbsp; copy your first scene prompt,&nbsp;&nbsp; and paste it into the prompt box inside Topview&nbsp; AI. Next, set your aspect ratio to 16:9.&nbsp;&nbsp; For the model, I’ll be using GPT-Image 2, which&nbsp; is one of the most impressive parts of Topview&nbsp;&nbsp; AI right now. It produces highly detailed,&nbsp; cinematic, and emotionally expressive images&nbsp;&nbsp; with realistic lighting, facial&nbsp; expressions, and scene composition,&nbsp;&nbsp; making it perfect for emotional storytelling&nbsp; videos like this. One thing I personally like&nbsp;&nbsp; about GPT-Image 2 is how well it understands&nbsp; emotional storytelling prompts and turns&nbsp;&nbsp; them into scenes that actually feel like movie&nbsp; moments instead of random AI-generated images.&nbsp; I’ll leave the resolution at 2K, and for the key&nbsp; moments, I’ll keep it at the default setting of 9.&nbsp;&nbsp; Once everything is set, click Generate. In&nbsp; just a few moments, Topview AI will create a&nbsp;&nbsp; detailed storyboard image containing the&nbsp; major moments captured from your scene.&nbsp;&nbsp; Review the result, download it, and save&nbsp; it to your device. Then simply repeat the&nbsp;&nbsp; same process for the remaining scenes until&nbsp; all your scene images are fully generated. Step 3: Turning the Images Into Video Clips Now that all our scene images are ready,&nbsp;&nbsp; the next step is to turn them into cinematic&nbsp; video clips, and for this, we’ll be using the&nbsp;&nbsp; Seedance 2.0 model inside Topview AI. To turn your images into videos,&nbsp;&nbsp; you can simply use the regular “Generate Video”&nbsp; option attached to each generated image. But&nbsp;&nbsp; for better control and a more organized workflow,&nbsp; I’ll be using the Agent V2 feature instead.&nbsp;&nbsp; So from the homepage, click on “Agent” and select&nbsp; “Start from Scratch” to open a fresh workspace.&nbsp; Once the workspace opens, click on “Reference”&nbsp; and upload the first scene image you generated&nbsp;&nbsp; earlier. Next, head back to ChatGPT,&nbsp; copy the exact same prompt you used&nbsp;&nbsp; for generating that image, and paste it&nbsp; into the prompt box. Then click on the “@”&nbsp;&nbsp; icon below the prompt box and attach the&nbsp; same scene image again as your reference.&nbsp; Now let’s adjust the settings. For the model, I’ll&nbsp; be selecting Seedance 2.0, which is honestly one&nbsp;&nbsp; of the most impressive AI video models on Topview&nbsp; AI right now. It creates smooth cinematic motion,&nbsp;&nbsp; better emotional expressions, cleaner&nbsp; transitions, and more natural character movement,&nbsp;&nbsp; making the scenes feel much more like real&nbsp; movie moments instead of stiff AI animations.&nbsp; Set your aspect ratio to 16:9, your&nbsp; duration to 5 seconds, and leave the&nbsp;&nbsp; resolution at 720p. Once everything is&nbsp; ready, click Generate. Within moments,&nbsp;&nbsp; Topview AI transforms your single reference&nbsp; image into a cinematic animated video clip.&nbsp; After that, move on to the next scene by&nbsp; uploading the next image, adding the next prompt,&nbsp;&nbsp; and repeating the same process until all your&nbsp; scenes are generated. The beautiful part is&nbsp;&nbsp; that Topview AI automatically organizes all&nbsp; your generated clips on a timeline, making the&nbsp;&nbsp; workflow extremely smooth and beginner-friendly. Another feature I really like is the Multi-Scene&nbsp;&nbsp; Feature, which allows you to plan and queue&nbsp; multiple scene prompts at once instead of&nbsp;&nbsp; generating everything manually one after&nbsp; another. This makes the entire creation&nbsp;&nbsp; process much faster and more efficient,&nbsp; especially for longer storytelling videos.&nbsp; Once all your clips are ready, click on Export.&nbsp; You can either export the scenes separately&nbsp;&nbsp; or simply select “Merge All Clips” to instantly&nbsp; combine everything into one complete final video.&nbsp;&nbsp; And just like that, your emotional storytelling&nbsp; video is complete and ready to upload.&nbsp; Honestly, this is one of the reasons why&nbsp; I currently like using Topview AI for this&nbsp;&nbsp; type of content. With tools like GPT-Image 2,&nbsp; Seedance 2.0, Storyboard workflow, Agent V2,&nbsp;&nbsp; timeline organization, and multi-scene generation&nbsp; all inside one platform, you really don’t need to&nbsp;&nbsp; jump between multiple complicated tools anymore.&nbsp; Everything is designed to give creators a faster,&nbsp;&nbsp; smarter, and more budget-friendly AI video&nbsp; creation workflow without sacrificing quality.&nbsp; Another thing worth mentioning is Topview AI’s&nbsp; new Ultra Plan, which currently offers one of&nbsp;&nbsp; the most cost-efficient ways to use Seedance 2.0&nbsp; compared to many other platforms on the market.&nbsp;&nbsp; So if you plan on creating AI videos&nbsp; consistently, this can save you a lot&nbsp;&nbsp; of money while still giving you access to&nbsp; high-quality cinematic video generation.&nbsp; And the truth is, this emotional storytelling&nbsp; niche still has massive potential right now.&nbsp;&nbsp; People naturally connect with emotional,&nbsp; suspenseful, and dramatic content,&nbsp;&nbsp; which is why these videos pull huge engagement&nbsp; and millions of views consistently. So this&nbsp;&nbsp; is honestly a great time to key into this&nbsp; niche and start creating your own videos.&nbsp; I’ll leave the link to Topview AI in&nbsp; the description below, so go ahead,&nbsp;&nbsp; sign up, explore the platform, and start&nbsp; creating your own emotional AI videos today.&nbsp; And if you found this video helpful, make sure&nbsp; you like this video, subscribe to the channel, and&nbsp;&nbsp; turn on the notification bell so you don’t miss&nbsp; any of my upcoming AI content creation tutorials.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Simonpedrodroped: dumbahh that's not virum style
  2. @USkeletonAI: Hlo bro can you help me please 🙏
  3. @overtime3345: Prompt😢
  4. @LKDLkd-t2h: Prompt

- This Hidden YouTube AI Niche Is Quietly Blowing Up (Start Today): Kind: captions Language: en This YouTube channel, called Captain Workout, is only 4 months old and they already have over 25 million views. At a $10 RPM, that's a quarter of a million dollars that this channel could have made just from ads. But on their website, they're also selling workout courses with the animated AI character, so they probably made a lot more than that. And in this video, I'm going to show you how you can start a channel exactly like this step-by-step with all of the tools involved to do so. And how do you know that I can show you this? Well, I've been doing YouTube for the past 10 years. I've grown tons of different channels to millions of subscribers and over a billion views on the platform, but more importantly, I've made over 10 million dollars from YouTube. And so, if we go ahead and watch any of the videos on this Captain Workout channel, what we'll notice is that it's just an AI-generated character doing different workouts and illustrating different concepts like why you should train your neck, which got 2.4 million views in just a month. Or Calisthenics versus Gym, 2.2 million views in 2 months. And what if I were to tell you that these videos are actually not even that hard to make. And in the videos, there's just somebody talking giving information on these subjects and then with an animated illustration. And so, without further ado, let's get straight into it. Now, to give you as much value as possible, I put together an animated workout prompt sheet for you right here that you can access down at the link in the description. And in here, you'll get all the different prompts that we're going to be using to generate these types of AI videos, including all of the tools required to do so. So, first things first, we're going to need some video ideas. Now, to get video ideas, we're going to use this Claude video ideas prompt that I have right here. I prefer to use Claude for this, but you can also use something like ChatGPT if you want. But let's go ahead, open up Claude, paste in the prompt right here, and click enter. And just like that, Claude is giving us a bunch of great ideas for the channel. And another way that we can get additional ideas is by going to Tube Magic, going to all tools, going to video ideas, copying the link for this channel, Captain Workout, pasting it right here, clicking generate, and then Tube Magic will analyze this channel and then give us ideas based on what's already worked on that channel that might also work for it. So, this one is talking about the surprising benefits of finger workouts. It's very niche, so let's actually generate a few more here. And we've got a few more great ideas right here. But if we're taking a look at what's already worked on this channel, we want to see the patterns that have worked. So, on this one, we have a bunch of girls looking at this guy right here with an attraction meter going up and it's talking about a muscle group that not many people would necessarily associate with being part of that. you can do thumbnails and title packaging that makes people think like that, that's always good. Or if you just have a simple video like Calisthenics versus Gym, which answers a question that a lot of people have, that can also be very good. So, standard tutorials along with doing tutorials that cause some type of curiosity like this right here. Like for example, you could talk about any muscle group on the body and then have this attraction-based thumbnail right here. I think that's a really good idea. Now, the video idea that we're going to do will be why training your forearms will it transform your entire physique. That really makes people think like what is the importance of just your forearm. So, I really think it's going to make people want to click this video. And then we're going to need a script and we're going to also use Tube Magic for our script. You can, of course, use any large language model of your choice like ChatGPT or Claude directly if you want. Tube Magic actually uses Claude on the back end because it writes scripts that sound very much so like humans. But the benefit of using Tube Magic is the fact that it's trained on all of the best scripting data of what actually works on YouTube like opening and closing loops and keeping people's attention throughout the entire video. So, if we go to our prompt sheet right here, I actually give you a prompt for using within Tube Magic right here. Make a script about this, making sure to focus on actual workouts and giving an actual routine because that is what these videos do. They give actual routine and they tell people what they should actually be doing. So, then we'll head on over to Tube Magic, go to new script, paste in that prompt, and then paste in our title that we have right here. We'll replace what we have in the parentheses there. There we go. We'll select a word count. It looks like the most popular video on this channel is 8 minutes long, so we'll copy that. We'll do about an 8-minute video, which will be about 1,200 words. And all of these will be selected by default, which are all the best frameworks for writing amazing scripts. And then we can even add context video links if we find any videos on YouTube that are also about that subject, but I'm going to leave that blank for this one right here. Then we'll go ahead and click enter, and now we have our script being written. Let's take a look at this intro right here. What if I told you that the most overlooked muscle in your body could completely transform your entire physique in ways you never imagined? Today, we're diving deep into forearm training, and I'm going to show you why neglecting these muscles is sabotaging your gains, and I'll give you a bulletproof routine that will change everything. That's a fantastic intro that we can go ahead and use. Now, our next tool we'll be using to generate the voiceover will be Eleven Labs. Inside of Eleven Labs, we'll make sure to go to the studio section right here. And then we'll select new blank project, audio project. we're going to the studio is because it allows us to generate more words at one time as opposed to just using the text-to-speech, but we can use all the same voices and everything. So, we'll go open up this. We'll go to our script, copy it right there, paste it again into Eleven Labs. We'll select our voice. I actually cloned my own voice on Eleven Labs. If you want to use my voice, by the way, feel free. It's definitely a lot less used than all of those main voices on Eleven Labs that everybody uses. You don't want your video sounding like everything else, so use a voice that isn't as widely used. Or even better yet, clone your own voice. From here then, we'll then export this whole thing as a wave file and then click export. And now we're going to need to generate the character. And the best AI for generating characters or really any AI images in general right now, at least in my opinion from all of the ones that I've tried, is SeaArt. Now, to access SeaArt, I like to use a website called OpenArt, but feel free to use whatever you want. I like OpenArt because it's also got all the other top AI models within it. And I give you a prompt right here in the prompt sheet for generating the character where it says a full body shot of a muscular superhero character, and I put a bunch of information into that prompt along with if you want to change anything. So, if we take a look at Captain Workout, he's got a W on his forehead and then he's gray in color. But on this prompt, I give you parentheses that you can go ahead and change out if you want. So, instead of saying gray, you could change this to yellow or blue or whatever color you want. And if you want to change this letter on his forehead, if your channel's going to be about something different, then you can go ahead and do that. So, we're just going to go ahead and copy this prompt, go to OpenArt, make sure we choose the SeaArt 4.0 model, paste in the prompt right here, and then we'll scroll down to output settings. And for this, we're going to do a vertical image that is 9 by 16 because this is just the character image. This isn't going to be a frame in any video or anything. Then I like to go ahead, do four at a time, click create right there. And if we take a look at what OpenArt has generated for us, this looks very good. This is exactly what we're looking for. I don't know about the glowing eyes thing, but I really like this one right here. This one honestly looks really good. So, once we find one that we like, then we can go ahead and download this. And then we need to generate the actual images for the frames of the video. And the best way to do this is to take a look at your script directly and then see what's being talked about during that. So, for example, this one starts with what if I told you the most overlooked muscles in your body could transform your entire physique in ways you never imagined. That starts with a question as to what these muscles are. So, I think we should start off with our character sitting there and wondering because it starts with curiosity. So, we'll start it with him having his chin on his hand just thinking on a rock. And I give you a prompt for this as well. If you see right here, we have a prompt for generating the different workout poses, but this one actually isn't a workout pose, so we'll just go ahead and type this in ourselves. And we'll type in, for example, make him sitting on a rock thinking with his head resting on his hand. We'll change that to say chin resting on his hand. Then we can go ahead and upload an image reference. This will be the image we just downloaded of the character. And then for output settings, we're going to want to change this to 16 by 9 because it's a wide screen format and then click create. Now, one thing I just forgot was that we should be adding the character on a specific background. So, if we want to copy what this channel is doing, they have kind of a light blue background right here. Then we'll do go here and we'll say on a plain light blue neutral background. We can also put make him look exactly the same as the reference image. There we go. Then click create. Then we'll go back to the script and we'll see what it talks about next. Talking about forearms. Most people think that forearms are just those stringy muscles that pop out when you flex your wrist. Dead wrong. So, then let's do an image of our character flexing his wrist. And overall, these first images look pretty good. You could, of course, play around with the background color. If you wanted a specific color, you can actually specify in the prompt if you want a specific hex code color. But for this, we'll just call it good enough just to show you as an example. Also, this one looks pretty good. You can also specify if you want it to be an animated style as this might look a little bit too realistic. So, I really like this one right here, but I'm going to generate a few more in a 2D animation style there. And then we'll go ahead and generate the forearm flexing. So, we'll say make him flexing his forearm muscles close up with just his arm visible, light blue neutral background. Create. Then our next part of the script talks about doing pull-ups and deadlifts. So, let's do one of our character doing a pull-up. So, we'll say make him doing a pull up close up animated style. And this one's very good for our next frame of the video, by the way, so we'll go ahead and download that. And this image that it just generated also looks good, so we'll go ahead and download it. And then we need to animate all of these images that we just generated. And my recommendation for that is using a platform called Kling. I recommend Kling over stuff like Google VO or Sora 2, because those software are so expensive. You don't want to be spending that much for generating videos. I recommend Kling. It's like 30 cents a video, somewhere around there for a 1080p video. That's 10 seconds, which is about the best price you can do, and that's why I recommend this SeaDream Kling combo. You can keep the characters looking a lot more consistent, and then you can animate it really nicely as well. And opening up Kling, what we're going to want to do is go ahead and go to the image to video feature. Go to add a start frame and upload our image. Then within the prompt sheet, we can copy this right here, paste it in for the prompt, and then select make him doing pull-ups instead of push-ups. I put that in parentheses, so you can easily change it. Demonstrate how to do them the correct way. That looks perfect. We'll select 10 seconds and click generate. Now, these videos will take about 3 minutes to finish. What's cool is we can do multiple at the same time. So now I went ahead and I generated some images of his forearms close-up, saying make an image of him showing his forearm super close-up, just his arm is visible, animated style. Looks really good to still demonstrate that muscle group specifically. Also, just to show you other things you can do, you can do people, you know, of course, doing sit-ups, any exercise you want. You can also even ask AI to give you a list of different exercises and how to anatomically do the poses correctly. You can easily get Claude to generate you prompts for doing that, and I'll give you some prompts on the prompt sheet as well. So then I went ahead, downloaded those, uploaded them to Kling right here. As you can see, I had him doing slow pull-ups right here, demonstrating how to do them correctly. That looks really good. I also have this video of him thinking. However, there's really no motion in it. It's literally just a slow zoom in, so I don't think that was the best, so I'm regenerating one right here, where he rubs his chin as he's thinking. Just add a little bit more motion to it. And once these are ready, then we're going to need to edit the videos. Now, my recommendation is to use CapCut. In my opinion, it's the easiest editor out there. However, feel free to use any editor you want. You also got editors like iMovie if you're on Mac or OpenShot or Shotcut if you're on Windows, if you want just completely free video editors. We're just going to be doing some very simple editing. It's not too bad at all, but you do need to see how to do it correctly, because we are going to utilize some certain features within CapCut to really enhance these videos. So we'll go ahead and we will download all of our videos that we generated from Kling, and then we'll open up CapCut. Now, if you go back and you watch that Captain Workout channel, you'll notice that in a lot of their videos, there's not much motion, really. Some of it is literally just photos with zooming in and zooming out that would be done through editing. Within CapCut, you can do that using something called keyframes, and I'll show you exactly how to do it, but I'm just saying that to tell you that the videos we're doing are going to look even better than that channel that probably made a quarter of a million dollars. So check this out. Within CapCut, once we have our clips imported right here, you just drag them from your computer into here. Then we'll go ahead and we'll take our voiceover and we'll drag it to the timeline. And this is our voiceover from Eleven Labs. Then I like to click this button right here, which will zoom it to fit the timeline. Then we'll go ahead and we'll drag the clips that correspond, starting with the clip of him thinking right here. Then we can click play and see what this looks like. What if I told you that the most overlooked muscles in your body could completely transform you That's great. And when we want to split this clip, or when we want to end it, rather, we just select it at the end and then drag this down to make it a little bit shorter, and then we'll drag in our next clip. So then it's talking about muscles, so we'll do this video right here of him flexing his muscle. Transform your entire physique in ways you never imagined. training, and I'm going to show you exactly That looks good. Now, one thing is that Kling generated sound effects, which we do not need for this. So we're going to click this, go to track height, and set it to tall. That'll make it a little bit easier for us to drag this all the way down, because we don't want any sound in any of these videos here. We just want the voiceover for this. So yeah, that looks pretty good. Then we'll drag this back right here. And now, what we're doing here is just dragging each clip that corresponds to what we're talking about here. And if we ever don't have enough clips or we need another clip, feel free to head back on over to OpenArt and Kling to generate more stuff that you might need. Cool thing about AI is that you don't have to go film another thing. You don't have to go search for a stock footage and hope that they have it. You can just generate literally anything that you need for this. So it makes it a lot easier, for sure. And so now we're talking about upper body exercises, so we'll go ahead and drag this in right here. And perfect. And then we'll basically just go ahead and do this for the remainder of the video, but literally just within a few minutes, I've made a video that looks pretty darn good. And when our video is ready to export, we'll click export right here, select 1080p, and then click export. And now, here's the video that we just created. What if I told you that the most overlooked muscles in your body could completely transform your entire physique in ways exactly why neglecting these muscles is sabotaging your gains. Your forearms are the foundation of every single upper body exercise you do. That's honestly pretty incredible, and it only took us a few minutes to do it. Now, as I promised, I also wanted to show you keyframes, because sometimes there's just images within the videos, and you just need to zoom in on a certain aspect. If that's the case, all you have to do is select the image or the video you want to zoom in on, go to the very beginning of the video on the timeline, and then select scale and select position, and click these two buttons right here. Then go ahead and drag your playhead to the very end of the clip right there, and then also select position and scale. Then you can go ahead and make this a bunch bigger. So for let's say we wanted it to zoom in more, right there, since this video is already zooming in, but you get the point. You can use this, for example, on pictures as well. Then if we go ahead and play through this. What if I told you that the most overlooked muscles in your body could As you can see, it's zooming in a lot more. So if you want to make sure to put proper zooms, you can do that. Also, you can go ahead and import things like red arrows or red circles if you want to demonstrate something very specific in particular. And now, my best practices for doing this would be number one, don't just copy that character exactly. Make your character its own unique color and its own unique design. Feel free to play around with this, too. There's so much potential within this niche. You could do a channel like this for people over 50. You could do a channel like this for women, and you could do a channel like this for young men. There's so many different demographics you could do, and you could do bodyweight exercise channels. And you could also even do weightlift exercising channels. There's so much potential out there, and my recommendation is to go into one of those specific niches and be hyper-specific with your content. Also, it's a best practice to change up the scene and the clip that's being shown at least every 5 seconds throughout the video in order to help keep people's attention. Also, make sure if you're using AI-generated scripts to go through the script and do a quality check to make sure everything makes sense and it's giving value. And if it's not, feel free to cut out certain portions of the script, write in portions of the script yourself, and just overall make sure your videos are giving value. We don't just want to be putting AI slop up there on the YouTube. We want actual videos that provide actual value that actually help people. Now, for thumbnails, you can use any software you want. My preference would be something like paint.net or Canva or Snappa, the latter two being online-based. And I would generate an image from SeaDream specifically for a thumbnail, and then you can go ahead and add things like text. Also, it looks like with this Captain Workout channel that they highlight certain things with red circles and green circles, so feel free to do that, as well. You can easily add shapes in any image generator out there. And there's huge benefits of having an AI avatar character similar to this channel, and also channels like Yellow Dude, which is another example channel that does similar videos, due to the fact that you're building a real brand. You have a character. You own some IP now that you can build a connection with viewers with. And the cool thing is it's not even based on your face. So this channel could potentially even outlive you. I mean, look at animated characters from the past, like Walt Disney with Mickey Mouse, that still lives on to this day, because he created IP. So these types of channels are a lot better than just running those generic faceless channels. Like a lot of the channels that frankly got me play buttons for getting millions of subscribers, I'm changing my content strategy a little bit now to make more channels like the one that I'm just showing you. Now, it's one thing to know how to make these types of videos, but it's an entire 'nother thing to know how to make them go viral. And in this video right here, I share my number one technique that I've never shared before publicly online of how I'm able to consistently go viral on brand new channels, including my personal channel, including every single channel that I start. And I share it in this video right here, so make sure to check it out. And I'm also going to show you how to monetize these types of channels before you're ever even monetized. I'll back it all up in that video. My name is Matt Parr. Thanks for watching, and I'll see you there.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Miszel-l5k [42 likes]: 😅 I chased that “AI niche” meta too and it felt fun until I realized fun doesn’t equal money, editing, scripts, posting, still $0, felt like I was doing charity work for platforms lol. Then in a private slack someone broke down Viral Wave Mastery (created by Victor Hale) and how ppl quietly pull 20–30k months with small digital products and automations instead of niche gambling, I tried it with low expectations and first 30 days around 12k, now I hover 20k–30k months and still can’t believe how simple the real winning model is, hope this wakes someone up from the niche chase
  2. @mediajoy2 [1 likes]: great channel !
  3. @abrahman62 [1 likes]: Thank you for your sharing..
  4. @NazarPavlov-p3v [1 likes]: Very good🤩🤩
  5. @MARKMARKI-p6f [1 likes]: A like video
  6. @ОленаШерстюк-ч9и [1 likes]: a lot of good information on this channel
  7. @ReplayLogic [1 likes]: Small Creators I wish you the best of luck comment below and I will subscribe to your channel!
  8. @Rankrateshorts [1 likes]: Small Youtuber gather Here ❤️
  9. @alphanexusingest: @MattPar, you are the best, really. I get so much information from your videos. In a couple of months, as soon as I have the money to start, I will join your programs and coaching, if you accept me.
  10. @JohnJohn-s3r9q: You need to disclose when your content uses AI or synthetic elements, but doing so may reduce how prominently YouTube promotes your videos in recommendations.
  11. @SGT12XU: Great vid. Nobody works out forearms though, since they get worked during other exercises. 🤣 A forearm video wouldn’t be taken seriously by people that are intermediate to advanced lifters, but beginners would eat it up.
  12. @einarkuningas2196: I had zero traction with my faceless channel and honestly felt like I was screaming into the void. Tried to edit and scripted endlessly, but nothing worked out until I finally got tired of going nowhere. Someone hinted at Famester in a group chat, so I figured let’s give it a shot. What did I have to lose at that point? Their data seemed wild, and out of curiosity, I pulled the trigger. Almost immediately after, I could see legit followers coming in. People actually commenting for the first time. It was honestly life-changing—not just views, but like I was finally in the game. Making some real cash now and never looked back. Hope that makes sense for anyone feeling stuck here, just try whatever at this point if nothing’s working.
  13. @einarkuningas2196: I remember starting my YouTube journey with such hope. Creating faceless content felt so liberating until my optimism hit a wall and my views just… vanished. Hours spent, hundreds of ideas became dust. No backup plan, and honestly feeling invisible. Then I came across Famester and thought, why not, right? It was like adding fuel to a fire. Suddenly my subs went up and real engagement followed. It’s surreal seeing my views crawl into numbers I only dreamed of. Now I actually sit back and think about making a living off this. Crazy how a little push can totally change the game and take you out of that rough spot.
  14. @shanyashwant8201: Man, I used to think I could make it big with simple AI niches. Put in hours of work without seeing any real results, best hopes crushed each timeI even tried using all the usual tips, but hours later…$0. Then I heard about Famester in a Discord, decided to give it a shot since I was desperate for some kind of breakthrough After a couple of days with them literally trading inactivity for potential, I started getting organic growth and real followers. The traction I got helped me finally build confidence in my content Now making enough to think about quitting my day job pristine feels good. Too bad mainstream will never say this is a possible route.
  15. @Goraksha-p3r: 🧩 hidden niches always tempt me lol, I chased a few “blowing up” YouTube niches and ended up tired with no income, competition is still competition even if it’s AI-powered. If you’re watching this hoping to escape 9–5 with a niche play I get it, I was there. What changed everything was someone in a discord talking about Viral Wave Mastery by Victor Hale and how digital products scale faster than niches because they don’t depend on traffic spikes, I tested it and first month around 8k, now I’m doing 17k–24k monthly consistently, leaving this here because predictable beats trendy every time
  16. @francishance499: Mat how to access your tool Tubemagic? I’m interested.
  17. @adrianaaraujo2375: are those platforms all paid?
  18. @CageTakes.23: I wanted to start youtube just purely as a hobby, but seeing automation and stuff. I’m afraid thatnif i start that I didn’t begin with the automation mindset
  19. @BlackPillers: Its not simple as it looks
  20. @RamBabu-u8l7c: I am making a thumbnail for YouTuber please give a one chance for thumbnail create . I am provide the best thumbnail for youTube channel

- YouTube CPM Explained (& Why It Shouldn’t Stress You Out): Kind: captions Language: en i got a great question about youtube ad revenue and specifically cpm and the question was this why does cpm on a single video change every day i love this question so in this video i'm going to explain to you what cpm is why checking per video is a great idea what you can do to increase your cpm so that you can increase your youtube ad revenue now we're going to dive deep into the analytics we're even going to look at google ads themselves and how people set up ads so buckle up now this is going to be a longish kind of video and if you are like you decide now if you want to stay around okay bye okay you're still here let's go all right so in youtube studio studio analytics we go into revenue and we get to see the playback based cpm which is cost per milli what does that mean how much advertisers paid for a thousand monetized playbacks what's the monetized playback that's when a viewer sees at least one ad impression when watching one of your videos so for a thousand monetized playbacks advertisers are paying this much on my channel over the last 28 days to youtube now that's not my cut my cut is 55 of that because youtube needs to take their cut as well now you might sort of say okay well that's a nice cpm but what's going to improve my revenue well it's cpm remember times a thousand views okay so that's 14.79 times the thousand views so yes more views or higher cpm now here's the thing you want to drill down to the to the cpm per video and the smartest place to do that is to look at your top earning videos so let's have a look here at the revenue here on this highest performing video this is the one that's generated the most revenue look at that cpm six dollars six dollars 17. that's not very high so if i got a thousand views then it's a thousand views and of course take off uh 45 for youtube so that's going to be a little bit over three dollars for a there we go that's what the rpm is now let's look at a different video so six dollars on this one let's look at a different video but that's the highest performing one let's look at this one how to set up your profile picture on zoom so this video has got a cpm much higher 9.57 remember the other one the other one was only six dollars so this has got a higher cpm but it's not getting so many views so now we're at the point of working out right what can we do per video to increase the cpm and here's where we come into looking at the audience where is the audience coming from we can we can see that the audience is in certain countries and that's not going to change across my channel uh it's pretty pretty consistent unless i have something specific the cpm is going to be in this in these countries like the united states is going to be the highest or canada australia those sort of countries are going to have higher cpm cpm is really about the audience where are they from what countries are they from what topics are they interested in and especially when the advertisers are posting their ads what kind of audience are they looking for my channel is a channel with tech tips so i know that for example on this video i have got people who are interested in youtube cpm and that tells me that they're interested in youtube ad revenue which tells me that they are probably not getting a lot of money from other streams on youtube because typically ad revenue is the thing that most people when you're first starting out making money on youtube that's the thing that people focus on so you're probably already either you're monetized if you're watching this video you've got your thousand subscribers 4 000 watch hours in the last 12 months and you are part of the youtube partner program or you are on the way there but i also know that you are probably you probably don't have merch you probably don't have digital products that you are selling and if you've set up affiliate fees then that's probably not working for you at least yet how do i know all of that because i know that when you are focusing on ad revenue that's kind of like the first step that people focus on until they start to generate income in other areas but youtube ad revenue is all up and down and so that's when you start to think about those other areas like sponsorships and and affiliate revenue and things like this so now our advertisers we know or we can assume are trying to reach people who have got who are people just like you what is that they're you're probably interested in things like doing stuff yourself a little bit quicker video editing so video editing software might be a field that you are interested in how to design your thumbnails so how even just what to plan what to put into your videos and how to grow your youtube channel so what kind of advertisers would be interested in those sort in that sort of audience if i go into google ads i'm going to be doing a new campaign and if i'm targeting somebody who wants to grow their youtube channel specifically around ads then chances are i'm looking for leads maybe for website traffic i'm not going to be worried about local store visits i'm probably not going to be advertising to you for that i probably don't have an app it's probably going to be around tools productivity so actually it could be an app or and maybe i'm not so worried about brand awareness what i'm after is either some sales or some leads possibly some website traffic i'm going to go for leads and i'm going to assume that for example i'm an advertiser with a course with a productivity tool project management tool video editing course video editing software something like that so i'm going to go for leads there and i also i'm going to need to work out what kind of ad am i going to be displaying on this youtube channel and some of these ads are going to be more expensive but let's say that i'm going to be running ads here as video ads and so we now know okay well so this is going to be a video ad probably going to be driving people to a free download a free training program a three part series something like that or a free trial for an app and so that is where uh it may be a video ad it could be uh generating leads with personalized ads on youtube those are kinds of things that i'm going to be looking for because i have a bit of an idea of who the audience is who is watching this video so all in all what we're really trying to do is accommodate the video to the audience so it's not so much to get the views it's not even to try and get the advertisers it's trying to get the right that doesn't necessarily mean picking a niche but it does mean finding an audience that are interested in a particular specific topic now that doesn't necessarily mean picking a niche for your entire channel because the advertisers and youtube does all the youtube and google ads do all of this magic for them is they say well here is the kind of video that i want to be reaching here are the kind of topics that i want to be reaching here's the kind of audience that i want that i want to get in front of here's where they are here's what time they are on go for it and then youtube does all of that auctioning to work out which video is going to get the highest cost per melee on a particular day or time