- Collaborations on YouTube: Kind: captions Language: en Collaborations make it easier to showcase&nbsp; how you work with other creators on YouTube&nbsp;&nbsp; and grow your channels together. You can add&nbsp; up to five collaborators on a single video,&nbsp;&nbsp; which will feature each creator's name and&nbsp; a subscribe button for all channels. The&nbsp;&nbsp; video will appear in the subscriptions feed of&nbsp; all listed collaborators audiences and may be&nbsp;&nbsp; recommended to them, increasing discoverability.&nbsp; Let's walk through how to use collaborations and&nbsp;&nbsp; some important things to keep in mind when using&nbsp; them. To invite other creators to a collaboration&nbsp;&nbsp; on your videos in Shorts, head to YouTube Studio&nbsp; on desktop or mobile. During the upload flow&nbsp;&nbsp; under the details page, choose show more, then&nbsp; invite a collaborator. Search for the channel&nbsp;&nbsp; you want to add. You can also choose whether&nbsp; to grant the collaborator analytics viewing.&nbsp;&nbsp; Note that even if you grant this access, they&nbsp; won't be able to see your revenue information.&nbsp;&nbsp; Then choose create link. Here you can share the&nbsp; link with the person you want to collaborate&nbsp;&nbsp; with. The link will be active after you&nbsp; upload your video. You can invite up to&nbsp;&nbsp; five channels to collaborate with. You'll be&nbsp; able to see when a collaborator has accepted&nbsp;&nbsp; your invitation and use the three dot menu&nbsp; to reshare the link, manage analytics access,&nbsp;&nbsp; or remove the collaborator. Once your video&nbsp; is uploaded in the invited channels accept&nbsp;&nbsp; the invite link, the video or short will display&nbsp; all collaborators channel names with a subscribe&nbsp;&nbsp; button for each. To feature your collaborations&nbsp; on your channel homepage, head to YouTube Studio,&nbsp;&nbsp; then customization, then home tab. Choose&nbsp; add section, then choose collaborations. Now,&nbsp;&nbsp; let's walk through some important things to&nbsp; keep in mind when using collaborations. First,&nbsp;&nbsp; even when you add collaborators, you're still&nbsp; in control of the video or short. Only you can&nbsp;&nbsp; make changes to the video. You'll also retain&nbsp; full ownership. As the owner, you'll keep all&nbsp;&nbsp; the revenue, views, and watch time from the video.&nbsp; And remember, if you have paid product placements,&nbsp;&nbsp; endorsements, or sponsorships, you'll need&nbsp; to check the paid promotions box. For more&nbsp;&nbsp; info on using collaborations on your videos and&nbsp; shorts, check out the links in the description.

  Top Comments:
  1. @youtubecreators [442 likes]: Collaborations will be rolling out to all creators over the next few weeks!

Want to see Collaborations in action? Check out our MadeOn YouTube collab with Colin and Samir➡ https://youtu.be/eTal8L7cqBghttps://youtu.be/eTal8L7cqBg
  2. @Slingehwaran [1 likes]: Ok😭
  3. @hennerbichlerbua6646 [1 likes]: thank you simple and all that is needed
  4. @maddierinfret408 [1 likes]: Wow
  5. @rhymingtvcomedy1221: Thank you ❤
  6. @Manu_Diaries2027: ❤
  7. @theenehemiah: It doesn’t work I can’t accept it I’m mad😭😡
  8. @EcaterinaVic: Girlllllll im sorry i can not acces the link idk why🥺
  9. @SkepticPhilosophy: This looks to no longer work unless you are monetized.
  10. @0Lucky_gamer: Chalo ek dusre ko saport karte hai 🙏🙏😥😊
  11. @AniketJoshi21: This collaboration feature is such a powerful tool for community growth🤝 I love how it puts the subscribe button for all creators front and center while keeping the owner in full control of the video. Thanks for the clear walkthrough🚀✨
  12. @legendart711: I collaborated with someone with huge subscribers still my video has only less than 1k views 😣
  13. @rhymingtvcomedy1221: I need  collaboration please
  14. @joy-n5e2n: Hey
  15. @advikasingh123-t4e: Hello Everyone how are you 😊
  16. @schrodingeroberscharfuhrer2015: YOUTUBE JUST USED THE COLLABRATION AGAINST THE LOST NARRATOR
  17. @Fasteroid: I'm indifferent to most YouTube features but this one is objectively good.  More like it please.
  18. @Mr.QuixLe: thanks
  19. @cancebeci: The profile picture area on YouTube is far too small. Generally, our profile photos reflect our interests. For content creators in specific niches, this could be a way to get discovered even through a simple comment on a video. For example, when a tennis creator sets their profile picture as a tennis racket, a court, or a photo of themselves playing, they can immediately engage with users who share the same interest.
​However, the problem is that the section allocated for profile pictures on YouTube is so tiny that you have to click on them individually just to see what’s in the photo. This is quite inefficient. When we comment on any video, our profile pictures should be more prominent and clear. Improving this would encourage YouTube creators to be more active and leave more comments in order to be discovered."
  20. @JungleChallenger: Thank you so much YouTube Creators team!❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤

- YouTube Collaborations - DO THEM ASAP (5 Step Guide): Kind: captions Language: en if we were to do a deep dive and look for the patterns of successful YouTube channels YouTube collaborations would play a large part in most of them so let's make this simple so that by the end of watching this video you have your first or your next YouTube collaboration already lined up howdy howdy everyone Nate here I created a template for you to walk you through this process step by step it is free and I'm going to put the link in the pin comment or the description so you'll probably want to get that template and follow along as we do this step one as you pull up the template you're going to see this page which includes a big old start here the first thing we're doing here is going to the research tab up here and we're going to this most wanted list the first thing you want to do here is while you're watching this video go here and click add task and add 5 to 10 different channels that you think you might want to do a collaboration with so if I were doing that I'd go like this now while you're doing that I want to explain the thinking behind this most wanted list it's not that you think that if you reach out to them they'll be 100% 10 out of 10 heck yeah I want to do a collaboration with you no rather I want you to think of these as the types of creators that you would like to meet and or build a relationship with even if you never do a direct video traditional collaboration on the YouTube platform you still want to add them to this list because one of the big points we're doing here is getting over the hurdle of why more people don't do collaborations more often we think H it's too complicated they'll never want to listen to me or I'm too small of a channel I dare you or I double dare you to just try this all right so we've accomplished step one the identifying channels and by the way you can add many more channels here if you so desire Now we move on to the next step and that is the research of these channels I want you to go to each of these creators and pay attention to what they are doing online because we're going to be filling out a bit of a profile for this Creator and that includes filling in the contact name a link to their Channel their email if they provided it also if you click here this can include the types of Outreach you might do and feel free to add additional options to the list but here is where the real difference comes in and this may be different than you have ever heard before I provided a template here if you click this that I want you to go into and copy all of this to select one of the people paste it in here because what we are doing now is not reaching out to that person no it's doing a bit of homework first and after doing this many times I've distilled it down to three primary areas so let's use Ali abdal as an example I'm going to be going to Ali's Channel and answering these key questions starting with what are they really good at I have an advantage here and you will have an advantage also if these are channels that you've already watched their content on but for Ali I would say aesthetic is that aesthetic or aesthetic athetic aesthetic that's the American pronunciation positive I can do a feeling clear helpful thumbnails deep dives into expertise mindset and productivity and I could keep going with this so you've done that on the first channel on your list now let's go on to what you admire about them now there might feel like there's some overlap between what they're really good at and their areas of expertise especially if you're the type of person that admires expertise but what we're going to do here is on more of a personal level what do you admire about this person so in this example what I put is conversational tone meaningful connection with audience feels like he really cares about people and by the way I do genuinely think all of these things content Powerhouse and transparency so if you've been following along you have your own list going of what you admire about this person now let's move on to this third thing and I say it's optional because you don't have to have this before you reach out to them but what I'm going to put in here is on a personal level I'd like to know this and on a collaboration level it might look like this maintaining authenticity as a channel grows in the ends announce or an open conversation about how Ali and myself have gone about doing this as our channels have grown all right so after we've done that it's time to move on to the next step and that is Outreach once I've started Outreach I can go ahead and check this box and that will move it to the follow-up status up here now we need to talk about how to do the Outreach the way I see it there are two buckets or two types of Outreach you can do the first would be peers that a reasonable Outsider would say yeah this person is about a peer in your same space might have a similar size of Channel or audience as you or they might be in a similar life situation the other main type of Outreach would be an upscale type of Outreach or if you're reaching out to someone that their channel is much larger than you or they've been doing this longer or their life situation is very different than yours with peers it's easier to just reach out and just say I just want to have a conversation I know we've never chatted before but I genuinely just want to meet you if it's more of an upscale style of Outreach you probably want to be a bit more clear of what you're asking for from that person and it's not get this because they're somehow a more important person than you or that you're not worth listening to it's actually more that in many of those cases uh their time is just more scarce and so the clearer you are with what you were asking for from them the more valuable and more helpful it is to them so I've included a couple of templates if you go back to the start here Tab and you go to these Outreach templates right here I've tested these example messages out with good success and these can be used in DMS or emails I also think this is a good point to mention that if you click the start here if you scroll down I provided some additional helpful links to other videos I've created that will help complete the picture of this collaboration Outreach okay moving back to the research tab up here once you've started the Outreach youve checked the Box you've got all this contact information you're respecting their time you're seeing them as a human with real goals real desires real passions real things that they are working on right now just like you are as soon as that person responds and they say heck yeah I would like to chat more with you at that point you can fill out this field which is a date of when you are having your introduction call with this person so let's say just for example Ali abdal sees this video and he says heck yeah Nate I can chat and I can chat on this date right here just some arbitrary date in the future you can put the date in here because you're going to see it later on because now we're ready to move on to step four communication now why do I think it's a good idea to chat oneon-one most of the time the types of people that I personally and and the other interactions or collaborations that I've had in the past most of the time I want to feel like I've established a connection with that person and I know what it's like to just hang out with them even if it's virtually because it's important to note here at this point you're not even sure if you're going to do a collaboration video and that is just fine it's still worth your time and hopefully worth their time for you to just have a conversation to build a bridge and build a relationship and it's also at this point after you chat with someone when you can say h that person was nice but I do not want to collaborate with them but really the magic now is once you've scheduled an intro call you can move over to the in contact tab up here and voila we've got the people that we have established contact with you can also see that I'm in contact with the Boop the like button [Laughter] Incorporated oh that was a bad one I've been having fun with putting the Boop the like button into my videos and some of them turn out better than others but there you have it if this video is being useful to you go ahead and Boop the like button we need to move on you'll notice at this point that we have some different columns here you'll check this box when you have a collaboration scheduled if you actually say hey I want to do something I want to do a video with this person but also if you're having conversations with this person and there are some action items maybe they have an upcoming launch and you want to do a shout out for them or maybe they say hey I'm really busy right now can you reach out again in 3 months you can put those things in this section by clicking here and saying help out with launch the other thing I've included in here is if you click in you can scroll down and see this you can take notes on the conversations you have with this person you can put the date just another handy thing now we are ready to move on to step five collaborations this is when we've said hey yeah we're going to do a collaboration together we can check the box and it's going to get moved to the next tab which you can find here along the top under partnered and here is as we're getting closer to actually producing that collaboration video we can keep track of the people or the companies or the channels that we're in contact with and we can also put in the exact date that that collaboration is going to happen so when we've reached step five here here is what you want to do you are the person initiating the collaboration and as such you want to make it as good as humanly possible both for the person you're collaborating with and for your audience so for your co-collaborator is that a word collaborator or okay it might just be collaborator here I am inventing words for your collaborator you want to make sure that you make it as simple as possible for them so what I'm going to recommend especially if you're not familiar with collaborations is to make a video that you have the entire plan of the video and you are the host of the video and you're the one producing most of the video and your collaborator is just going to appear in a small section of that video it can be a shout out it could be a small interview it could be a cameo what I found is this makes it very easy for you to reach out to that person and say hey I'm making a video about this specific thing would you mind recording a quick two-minute section on your phone answering this specific question so make it simple for them and second make it valuable for them if there are ways that you can shout out their Channel or show your audience how cool that person is or their channel is it's going to be awesome for your collaborator and it will make them much more likely to want to do the collaboration in the first place but also to want to do collaborations in the future for your audience the two main focuses you want to have is one making it valuable for your audience make sure that the collaboration actually makes that piece of content a more valuable piece of content which by the way you might want to look forward to more of this in the future but second you want that collaboration to make that video more enjoyable for your audience to consume if you've done those things for your collaborator and for your audience congratulations you have executed a successful collaboration all right there's a bonus here and that is the benefit of collaborations for you as a Creator yourself it is a lonely place here on this rock especially as YouTube creators if we're solopreneurs or we're solo creating things it can be very lonely you need people in your life to spend time with to get outside perspectives on to think outside the box I mentioned that in last week's video it is exceptional for your mental health and the relationships I have established while doing this have meant so much to me and also if you want to know how to identify what channels might be the very best candidates for collaborations you're going to want to see a [Music] catch's collaboration thought hey I could give it a try

  Top Comments:
  1. @ThatNateBlack [22 likes]: Here's the custom YouTube template: https://clickup.pxf.io/c/5015775/1986837/16855

It might take a few moments to load, then you're good to go!
  2. @PediaTipsDaily: How we know if other want to collaborate ? Who wants to collaborate with me ?
  3. @Alphanso-vd6cf: thanks for the practical ideas by showing me how i can make my channel grow
  4. @YesterdaysBritainScrapbook: I was thinking he's making this very complicated then I realised this video is nothing to do with the YT Collaboration feature which only launched in late 2025! To me, the new feature is a no-brainer, I can't see any downsides to it.
  5. @LocDuong-o4w: I’ll be back for more videos like this.
  6. @bcbccj: I’ve learned something new.
  7. @CoreHealthMatters: Thanks for sharing. Who wants to collaborate with me?❤
  8. @AflexExira: I appreciate the clarity.
  9. @Nhi-l9h: You never disappoint.
  10. @SelinaSrenco: This is how it should be done.
  11. @phat-d1s: I didn’t expect to enjoy this so much.
  12. @ConfusedTacoGaming: This is such great advice. It’s easy to forget that the things proven to work (like genuine connection) apply here too. It really is like networking: you’re reaching out, building relationships, and creating trust. It’s something we think about in a work setting, but on YouTube, it’s easy to overlook (I know I do sometimes). This reminder is spot on.
  13. @AnilYadav-go8ul: Really helpful tips, thank you.
  14. @GeoffreySerebolo: Your editing skills are insane!
  15. @andrewtugrik6348: The effort really shows.
  16. @ShunkKate: This was super helpful, thank you!
  17. @DannielleVivek: The visuals are amazing.
  18. @thuy-f8c: This was so much fun to watch.
  19. @sergykarnauh6646: This was super entertaining.
  20. @WaterdogDance: Any DIY channels want to collab?

- How To Collab With Other YouTubers: Kind: captions Language: en - I'm gonna tell you a few different ways that you can do collaborations with other people, even if they don't live anywhere near you. And we're starting right now. (rap music) What is going on? My name is Nick, welcome to another video. If this is your first time here, and you wanna learn how to grow your channel, make videos, and all types of other Youtube related stuff, start now, by subscribing and clicking the bell so you don't miss anything. And real quick, let me know if you have ever done a collaboration with somebody that doesn't live anywhere near you, and let me know how it went down in the comments. Okay, collaborations are a fantastic way to grow your channel. Basically the idea is you are putting yourself in front of an audience that would not have seen you otherwise, and then the other person that you're collaborating with, they're putting themselves in front of your audience, who your audience might not have seen otherwise as well. Collaborations are extremely powerful, and depending on who they could make a big impact on your channel. But sometimes let's say that you want to collaborate with somebody that lives in another state, or they live in another country, or they live completely on another side of the planet, how do you do it? The first way to pull off that kind of collaboration is you get on Skype, and you have the person that you're collaborating with get on Skype. You both set up your cameras just like you would right here with this whole thing, you both set up your cameras, they record their part, you record your part, while you're staring into the lens, but you're actually having the conversation over Skype. So you have the audio of them speaking, they have the audio of you speaking, but you're actually recording and looking into the camera. Once you have the recording part of that finished then you would upload it to your Dropbox account, they would upload it to their Dropbox account, and then you would basically exchange the footage that way through sharing a link to that Dropbox folder. Super easy, super fast, done. The next way that you can do a long distance collaboration is basically each of you fill in the body content for the video, so basically the main part of the video, all the stuff that's in the middle of it, you record that part for them, they record that part for you. The same exact thing applies as in the first part of this, where you would then edit and upload those clips to Dropbox. And then once you download those clips, you basically do the introduction to the video, and then you hand it off to them. And then you come in at the end of the video to kinda tie everything up, make the recommendation for their channel, and kinda close out your video like you normally would. The important thing about doing it this way is the actual handoff. So basically what you would do is you would pass it to that other person. So just like you would do in a conversation style video where you would say, "Oh hey, whatever your name is, how are you today?" And then they would come in and say, "Oh, I'm doing great, thanks." You would do that same basic thing, but basically you would have them start out their video with a, "Oh thanks for having me on your channel, whatever your name is." And then they would go into the body content, and then before the end of their segment, they would pass it back to you by saying, "Thanks again for having me on your channel, "whatever your name is, back to you." And then from there you pick it up where they left off. And then you say, "Oh, it was great, loved having you on. "It was such a great bit of information that you shared, "Thank you so much." And then you go in to closing out your video. Another way that you can do it, and this all depends on the quality of the content that you're used to putting out, and that your viewers are used to seeing, that's not as high quality as exchanging the footage. Is you can actually just hop on a interview. You can use a Peer.in as an example, or you can use Zoom, or you can use even Skype really, or Google Hangouts, to where basically there's more than one person on the screen, and you basically just have that conversation back and forth. And then you record it using Camtasia, or another screen recorder. If you're using Zoom, you can actually do that screen recording inside of Zoom and it'll actually upload to their cloud, then you can download it. Or you can even record it straight to your computer. Doing it that way definitely gets the job done, it might not be the highest quality, but it's definitely an audience exchange, to where you get a chance to be in front of each others audiences, and you know, it can also be effective. One other way that you can do this is the way that you make it extremely easy for the person that you're collaborating with. And that's basically where you do the whole entire thing as a guest host. The idea behind this one is you do everything, like they would normally do on their channels, except you do it as you instead of them. So let's say as an example, if you were gonna collaborate with me on my channel, you would actually be that person on the video right when the video first opens up. That can be a little uncomfortable for an audience but since it is on the channel, they might stick around just to see what it is that's going on. Especially if you have a similar presentation style or something like that. If you want to learn more about how to actually reach out for a collaboration, I did a video with Brandon, from One Percent Better, I'll put a link to that up here at the top, you should go check that out now if you wanna know more about how to actually reach out and get that collaboration process started. And if you wanna learn how to grow your channel, make videos, and all types of other youtube related stuff, start now, by hitting the round subscribe icon Thank you so much for watching. I'll see you next time.

  Top Comments:
  1. @NickNimmin [125 likes]: Do you use TubeBuddy? If so, watch this video to learn how to use it! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zbuF_tyAqg8
  2. @KYLEVLOGCHANNEL [4 likes]: I have never done a collaboration with a YouTuber before, but I’ve always wanted to do one and thank you so much for bringing the sub Nick
  3. @KYLEVLOGCHANNEL [1 likes]: Hey there
  4. @arpaninfo: Boss can you guide me how to pip for reaction videos plss
  5. @Captainkingdomi: Wow o❤
  6. @GregMossEats: I’m 16k having a hard time finding someone to collaborate with
  7. @dummy_socks: Anyone 2025?
  8. @MrTaxswollen: We're using discord to share help edit give advice and upload
  9. @MrTaxswollen: I have before but he stopped youtube
  10. @Typicalkermit: Here 2025🎉
  11. @OfficalKevinGT: Who’s watching in 2025?
  12. @schizopreneur: thank you -
  13. @Jayzz2460: Hi
  14. @Jayeditz-e: Hi
  15. @himuXX2: Any other person in 2025
  16. @Reallifediaries-o20: Faceless collaboration?
  17. @ruppeey97: Wanna collab?
  18. @T0XIC_R4IN: Any mm2 creators that wanna collab
  19. @iOmegaToxic: What if I want to collab with someone on Mars?
  20. @BL1TZ_F0R_L1F3: I still don't understand😢

- How To Collaborate With Other YouTubers - Timothy DeLaGhetto: Kind: captions Language: en Yeah I mean collaborating it's definitely a huge tool you know it helps like expand your audience and like get your get your content in front of people who probably have never seen your stuff before you know the first thing I say is like you know if you are going to collaborate with somebody it helps it definitely helps if you have either like build up your own following or have like really good content like there's been people ok like when superwoman hit me up to collaborate I had no idea who she was Yeah She was like hey you know I'd love to do a video with you I'm going to be in LA i was like who is this chick I check out her first thing I saw was her numbers and I was like Oh my god! She has so many subscribers I didn't even had to look at her content I was like I'm down Yeah let's do the video but then also there have been channels where you know this isn't going to work because you have so many people sending links to you all the time but every so often I'd click a link and there's been a channel where im like wow their content is really funny they don't have an audience but I would love to collaborate just because I love their content you know? Yeah yeah and what it boils down to it's they gotta add to what you are doing I tell people I mean subscriber levels I know it's a part of it right but obviously it's not always gonna meet right in the middle right sometimes you are going to have way more sometimes you are going to have less but if you can add value to the content that you are giving to that person that is really important because obviously if you are just a leech and you have no following like you said and you have no content you are just trying to get some of those subscribers to come to you because of the referral from you like that's just not the right way to go about a collaboration Watch the full length interview with Timothy DeLaGuetto on videoinfluencers.net and subscribe to video influencers on YouTube for more tips tricks and advice for building your influence and brand with online video

  Top Comments:
  1. @HotChickenNV [7 likes]: Awesome advice :)  Gonna head over to check out the full video :)  Right now, that's my problem, being a "baby" channel, it's hard to get people to even watch you, let alone collab, but never give up is my motto!
  2. @ShimonMochizuki [3 likes]: Who wanna collaborate ?????
  3. @LaFamilia047 [3 likes]: Anyone up for collab? I just enjoy doing vids so if you want to hit me up :D
  4. @nainaacharya4069 [2 likes]: The intro is awesome!! :)
  5. @angelsvlog163 [1 likes]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YNIBAg9SNeU&t=43s
  6. @adityakapadia1738 [1 likes]: Who wants to collaborate with me? Please reply.
  7. @aidanmaloney2161 [1 likes]: if you are reading this you will subscribe to my channel
  8. @kmsali41 [1 likes]: anybody have to collaborate with me
  9. @prishasonlinestore2359 [1 likes]: grate video
  10. @s2hlm913 [1 likes]: How can I found a person how collaborate with me ???
  11. @JakeRichards1 [1 likes]: I am here for collaboration!! I do tech reviews and educational tech tutorials. Lemme know if we can work!
  12. @w2king534 [1 likes]: i am
  13. @famouszack: Love your  video s
  14. @hippiejesus6194: And the ideas just keep coming!
  15. @sabasyed5799: Make up lovers plz collaborate here
#Mehjabinfatima
  16. @SinAlvriv: Hi influencers, I just got into this and I’m checking all your videos in your channel.  I’m very excited to start soon a new channel, I’m typing you from this old account that won’t be used for my new project. I have a legal question for you guys about collaborations. When you use someone else’s image in your channel, or when u do collaborations, do you make the. sign a permit to use their image? How do you decide who goes in which channel? (Let’s say someone accept to do a collaboration with me but they want it it to be in their channel and not mine) stuff like that? Thank you

- Do you Need to COLLABORATE with other YOUTUBERS?: Kind: captions Language: en when you're a youtuber and you're going to New York the first thing that goes to your mind is that you want to meet with Casey nice - yeah you imply a hundred thousand other creators so instead of trying to pursue a collaboration with some of the biggest creators in New York I decided to reach out to some other people you [Music] okay so what started out as like a relatively like lonely day in New York City ended up being something really cool and really fun and end up being like a bunch of adventures that led to here which is some random subway station in where are we right now Brooklyn Roosevelt Island oh and the first thing I'm Doug do is is blonde here literally I message someone on I did a message on Instagram today I asked if anyone wanted to hang out few of you responded one I ended up meeting up with and yeah yeah he gets like little like dopamine hits every single time he gets a little like like I've got one right now basically one is giving me like I guess the new york-style tour around the area and it's been so fun so for those of you who are like trying to I guess learn a little bit more about a space live like a local I mean we were in like Times Square for like probably 20 minutes of awe it's like let's just get out of here like this is totally overshot and not fun and like I was obsessing over it but then we ended up leaving and I love it here way more it's way more local way more fun and just I'd say way more cinematic so we're doing some fun stuff doing a bit of a tour I'm like slowly crashing I've been up since like 3:00 a.m. and yeah let's see how long it takes before both of us kind of flatlined and it is the end of a incredible adventure getting it to her through New York I feel like we're like a boyband cover could be great yeah it was just a crazy day of just shooting and taking photograph I highly recommend to you guys if you go on a trip and go somewhere find another photographer find another creator and collaborate with people who don't necessarily have a big view count just find somebody who like creatively inspires you and that's what I did I just scrolled through his Instagram account and saw some working like this looks really cool okay so what what are some of the things yeah the one with like the hand going through look at that sometimes like a million followers whatever might not inspire you as someone who you know just is just really creative instead so thanks for the tour thanks for the creative inspiration I'm like super tired today started like 3 a.m. for me so I'm like I think I'm just gonna I'm just gonna go to sleep right here and holy you can because they clean every second the moral of this story is the fact that you don't have to pursue some of the biggest creators around in fact reach out to your local network and see who you can collaborate with right now because collaboration isn't reaching out to people who you already know the ins and outs of its pursuing something new its pursuing something different the best collaboration comes from people who acquire different skills if you're a filmmaker then look for musicians look for photographers or graphic designers learn something new and seek discomfort find different people work with new people and don't limit yourself just because you can't meet KC nice debt continue creating and you will get there I sure hope I do

  Top Comments:
  1. @donavanpham [1 likes]: Great message and video!
  2. @cristinaordonez5590: Saludos Juan, me encanta tu trabajo en fotografia exelente.
  3. @unpackzack: How did I not see this?! Lol
  4. @DanielBernáez: Congrats for this awesome video, Zach! I'm 100% agree with your words!
  5. @VideographerJihoon: WOW SO GOOD... WHAT A PERFECT MESSAGE for ME
  6. @GarethGabriel86: Very cool point. As cool as it would be to meet Casey there are many other amazing people about that would be just as cool to meet and making new friends is awesome.
  7. @InterstellarCrow: While my channel is not about vlogging (atleast not yet) or meeting with others to collaborate irl (yet), hopefully this comment is ok for me to put here since im looking for other gaming channels! If you are interest feel free to leave a comment anywhere in my channel
  8. @Carter1214: LOVE LOVE LOVE!!!!
  9. @AshleyIrvinRobertson: That is so true Zach. Love this narrative by the way. I think you done a pretty good job with this collaboration and some day I would like to collaborate with you.
  10. @FariaAndShezan: We completely agree with you on this
  11. @BrendanHufford: ZACH HOW DO YOU SAY YOUR LAST NAME???
  12. @maharlikamirasol: What? You're in NY and you didn't meet John Hill?😆😆✌🏼✌🏼👍🏽👍🏽💪🏼💪🏼🔥🔥
  13. @almostclassymedia6279: Amazing video!! Although I haven't done much in terms of collaboration I really believe it is super important!
  14. @teamlost9555: Love this message!! Very good video 👌🏼
  15. @adamtastic: Well done, man! I saw that IG meetup post and was too busy but would have loved to done something. I'm glad you found someone cool to give you a local tour! The city is an awesome place, pretty much anywhere you go you can find something new and unique. Great video, great takeaway.
  16. @DiogoCaramujo: Amazing again ❤️
  17. @fredymathew1392: Awesome, Zach. Its Awesome.
  18. @SHVWNCOOPER: I don't care to ever meet Casey. man i'm 3 hrs away from NYC next time call!
  19. @Lucassincasa: I am starting to love this new style of videos, I hope the next one will be longer, maybe with different weird scenarios, I really like that
  20. @teowandas655: I'm actually new to your channel and I find your vids really inspiring ^^
you're full of thoughts that it overflows towards us, your viewers....

- 2025 Guide to Making YouTube Thumbnails - 15 Top Questions Answered: Kind: captions Language: en I went back through every one of our live streams to find the most common thumbnail related questions and in this video we're going to answer them now Pro tip there are a lot of pro tips in this video so I'd recommend grabbing a notebook question number one what are the key features to making a successful thumbnail I.E what makes a thumbnail good now I've thought a lot about this so I decided to make a really really simple checklist to remember and if you don't check all the boxes then your thumbnail sucks I call these the three C's to get the click and click starts with a C too but that's just a coincidence okay so number one is catch the I and we'll go into a couple techniques on how to do that here in just a second number two is convey the idea of the video this can mean the difference between a viral video and a waste of time and number three is create curiosity which arguably is the most important thing that a thumbnail should do because without curiosity why why am I clicking right Pro tip a lot of things can catch your eye but I find the easiest way to figure out what catches eyes is to do something I call the feed test now the feed test is when you open up YouTube on your desktop and then take note of the very first thumbnail you see try to figure out why it caught your eye it could be bright colors it could be a recognizable face it could be big text that catches your attention it could even be the contrast to the feed itself like a bright green thumbnail in a sea of yellow and black thumbnails want you to take note of it that is one tactic you can use in your thumbnails there's also one other eye-catching tactic that really works on me but I have to save it for another question we'll get to it the most important Pro tip for question number one and it comes from this question do you think the first seconds of the video have to match the thumbnail yeah I do with the way that YouTube's designed today it's so easy for somebody to just hover over a video and realize that this thumbnail matches the video or this thumbnail doesn't match the video you set an expectation with the thumbnail and you might meet it somewhere in the video but if you don't meet it at the beginning why give it the benefit of the doubt when I have so many more to pick from that's that's YouTube and uh that reminds [Music] me question number two let's talk color what is the best color there's really no good answer to this but I'm going to give you an answer anyway at least for a starting point okay so here are the color combinations that I notice all right little underline there let's start with black white and yellow that one I use a lot black white green black white red black white red and green B red white and blue speaking of blue blue and green green grass blue sky and maybe an accent color it works for a lot of entertainment channels black white red R and yellow I see that a lot um I know black and orange was really popular for a while uh blue and yellow The Simpsons recently I saw green and purple when somebody asks what color is best is this the answer they're looking for cuz like this is only just a tiny little bit these are the color combinations that I noticed the most you don't have to write this list down all you got to do is just look on YouTube and and see what works just see what is working for others and then like there's your starting point for your colors okay but I didn't want to leave you without an answer so there you go oh oh wait uh there's a pro tip here if you're not sure what color to make your text I always fall back on white so you've got white text all right but what if you have a white background well uh you could do a drop shadow could also do a stroke or an outline so this little technique is what you'll see on like Netflix subtitles because Netflix doesn't know what its text is going to be in front of so to play it safe they just put a little bit of a drop shadow a little bit of an outline around it and um something called an outer glow which is sort of like uh a fuzzy drop shadow but all the way around so it's like a combination of the two but there is an easier way that works in every single case what if this was over a dark background it wouldn't stick out it would blend in you wouldn't be able to see the text but if you added a white box behind it it wouldn't matter matter so you've got white text with an outline or a drop shadow you could do black text with a white box behind it or you could do uh White text with a black box behind it or what really pops off lately that I've seen is a yellow box with black text I drew it backwards but you get the idea I wouldn't put this much effort into explaining because I know you already understand but I am thinking with my thumbnail brain right now I really think that this is probably going to be included in the thumbnail so I just want to make sure that people know that there's there's some effort that's gone onto this board there are plenty of other combinations you can use but if you're ever questioning it then there you go question number three is text good or bad for thumbnails text isn't good or bad it it just it's another tool to help you get the click Text can catch the eye uh if it's a word you recognize or if it's big if it's got a certain color um it can help convey the idea by adding more context it can even be the sole element that creates curiosity some niches do have more text than others like uh Let's Talk podcast for instance you've got um super important man over here saying something um it's a little more zoomed out typically and then you have the box like I talked about before with uh quote so like without text what would it be it just wouldn't make it just be a dude sitting there as long as your text has a purpose go nuts but not two nuts because question number four how many words should I put in my thumbnail one 2 3 5 six there's no right answer here but uh I do try to keep it as short as I can because somebody scrolling through YouTube they're only going to give your thumbnail like two seconds and then they're just going to move on so if you happen to write a paragraph they'll probably just ignore it but uh they might ignore your thumbnail anyway if your text isn't readable which brings us to question number five what is the best font to use any Sans sarap font usually works okay Sans is Latin for uh without or whatever now a serif is these little tail things you know on some on some fancy text like Times New Roman or whatever this is a serf now Sans is without Sam serif none of that crap so uh basically what you want is is any Sans Sarah font that you can make super bold cuz it's really really easy to read you don't always have to go bold but it does help sometimes another Pro tip is to go to fonts. goole.com and then scroll down and select Sans serif on the filter and then you'll just get a ton okay now I could be naming fonts all day but I will give you a few that are like good starter fonts the one that gets used a ton is Roto you can use helvetic Mont s e r r a t Poppins is okay Gotham L is pretty good Arial open SL Source Sands those are some good starter ones uh I got another Pro tip so when I'm trying to get a lot of text in such a small area these sometimes don't sometimes they can't fit the letters in right so I'll use something I call Squeezy fonts which uh the two fonts that I usually go to are an on that's squeezy font number one and then impact is another they're a little bit taller and they get a little more letters into uh your space so those I I'll use sometimes starter fonts yeah I think this is pretty good question number six what are the major elements that you use when designing thumbnails which ones do you use over and over okay so elements are points of focus in your thumbnails text is one Element like we just discussed people are another one objects are pretty popular backgrounds sometimes imagine a real estate thumbnail where it's uh the real estate agent standing on the left and then in the background there's a house that he's talking about that would be considered an the element just remember that if the background doesn't need Focus like if it's blurred out or something if it's just like one solid color then I wouldn't count that as an element text people objects backgrounds graphics for sure elements are points of focus in the thumbnail and these are probably the main five that I could really think of just a few examples here let's um let's do a let's play thumbnail where we've got crazy game explosions happening over here and then you've got the dude over here reacting to it who that would be one element one and then two elements here and then if you want you could write text on it if it was like really important if it was going to add to the thumbnail number three there and yeah let's do another example real quick so we've got one guy talking here and then we've got a graphic over here and then maybe the word before and then we've got one over here after and then a graphic under that okay so we've got text graphic are those two elements no because really the point of focus is just right here okay and then you've got a point of focus here and then you got a point of focus here so a cluster of elements can count as one element because it's one thing to focus on one two three points of focus and yeah that makes a good thumbnail so the pro tip here is keep your elements to three or under sometimes you can have four but it's a little bit risky any more than three elements might take more than two seconds to understand at which point viewers might just scroll right by okay now on the topic of elements I can't believe how many times this has been asked question number seven is it important to use the rule of thirds how do you use the rule of thirds what is the rule of thirds let me break it down for you you've got your thumbnail this is the rule of thirds you cut it into threes and then you cut it into threes horizontally and so the way that people use these in thumbnails is in the rule of thirds Let's uh let's use podcasting for instance on on the right third you've got Mr professional famous guy and he's saying something okay now the thing that he's saying is on the left third and then we've got text and uh continued text just on the left third you don't have to use the top or bottom thirds for text but that's how a lot of people separate the uh the elements in their thumbnails it gives order to the composition so it makes it less cluttered let's do another example here okay we're going to do um a half and half all right so let's let's say before this video you had zero views and then after 1,000 all right so on the right third you have these and on the left third you have these so you get the idea a lot of creators use the rule of thirds as just a starting point and uh if you scroll through YouTube You're Going to see a lot of thumbnails where elements are separated on the on the left and right using the rule of thirds question number eight should I be in my thumbnail it's a tough question it really is um I always kind of think about it like are you adding value to the image you kind of have to ask yourself who is the star who is the star of the show in this thumbnail is it you let's talk about let's play thumbnails for example um if you're in a let's play thumbnail who's the star of the show is it the game that you're playing or is it the person that you watch because of their reaction in their commentary so in Let's Plays you'll see a lot of people because they are the start of the show The Packaging of the game was full playthrough no commentary or whatever then obviously don't put yourself in the thumbnail all right what's the difference between um Marquez brownley and you if you both talk about cell phones well at the moment Marquez is an authority figure because uh he's widely recognizable whereas if you're a new YouTuber then maybe not so much so it would be more beneficial for you to focus on the product itself maybe a feature or something and that would give you the edge you are offering some value that he might not via the thumbnail and that that might give you a little boost and then eventually you do that so many times that at some point you start putting your face because people start recognizing you when I first started with vid IQ I wouldn't put my face in the thumbnails because I was a new guy people really hadn't connected that I was a part of the part of the crew and event ually um people started responding to the thumbnails with my faceing them better so that's that's just how it works that's that's how the uh the authority thing goes faceless channels why why would you put yourself in in the thumbnail if you're not in the video don't put yourself in the thumbnail easy uh if the video is a talking head video I I I'd recommend putting yourself in there like the pro tip I talked about originally you're immediately matching the expectations set by the thumbnail um but there are some channels where it's kind of in the middle if your video is about woodworking it can kind of go either way if your Channel's about gardening your thumbnail might be more powerful if you're showing some specific planting technique or your raised garden or or whatever at some point people want to start seeing you in the thumbnails because once they see your face they know to click it because they're it's it's called familiarity bias so um yeah this this question got away from me question number nine is branding important should I have my logo in my thumbnail there are correct ways to Brand on YouTube and there are very incorrect ways to Brand on YouTube and so you are a travel channel okay Lindsay's Travel Channel Lindsay's Travel Channel and then it's a big diamond right here there's my logo then we have Bali here in the background with nice beautiful waves and an ocean and a sunset or whatever there's Lindsay's Travel Channel and then here is another thumbnail with basically the exact same thing maybe a little bit of words down here like Bali which one am I clicking I'm not clicking Lindsay's Travel Channel because that is ridiculous why why does it why do people do this where did they get this idea maybe from advertising okay advertising it makes sense but for YouTube this stop it quit it you know what I'm breaking out the red marker no bad bad bad bad green marker green means good attention is too fleeting to take up space with something that nobody cares about but you so when it comes to branding I would say don't throw your logo in your thumbnail I don't know if I made that clear occasionally you will come across a channel that does a little bit of branding and I thought cordor crew always had their logo in their thumbnails but I was wrong I went and I looked at their Channel they do it on a couple but they brand in a different way and this is the correct way to brand at the top of their thumbnails you'll see some yellow text and it's like it's a very specific look that only they use really when you are scrolling through YouTube and you see that big yellow text at the top you kind of know that that's Corridor crew Dark Net diaries for instance that's a very specific look so here are correct ways to Brand on YouTube okay same font same colors whatever face when face when recognized face when you you've kind of built an authority there same composition so for instance in podcast you'll see the right third being the person and the the left third being the quote you'll see that for most podcasts honestly you'll you'll see it for Colin and Samir you'll see it for Diary of a CEO you'll see it for world class you'll see it for the Nathan Barry show but they all have their separate colors their separate fonts and they all have their separate branding they try not to throw a big ass logo in the way your logo is probably in your profile picture people will see it there you can even put it in the bottom right of your video you just you don't need to like force it everywhere because seriously people don't care all right now we're on to question 10 the one that has been asked the most and actually you know what right before we get to question 10 let me answer like five more questions just cuz uh how much time do I spend on thumbnails I've spent anywhere from 2 hours to um four or five days on a thumbnail before honestly there's there's no right amount of time to work on a thumbnail it's more important to focus on the idea and can I convey this idea well what is my favorite thumbnail this one is it okay to make simple thumbnails can I use solid colors as my background if I'm not very good at thumbnails can I still do everything that a thumbnail is supposed to do yeah yeah you can I had mentioned like right at the beginning of this video that there's one technique that always catches my eye when I do the feed test let me show you so you could have everything on the thirds and blah blah blah and people can clutter up their thumbnails a bit but if there's like One Singular element that I'm looking at um like a peanut apparently and then the rest of the feed has like super busy thumbnails guess which one's going to catch my eye it's the one with the most negative space and uh here are a few more examples another question should I go back and change my thumbnails is it necessary to change thumbnails that have bad clickthrough rates you can videos continue to get impressions no matter how old they are I mean they might get L impressions as they get older but they still get impressions so um if your video is not performing the way that you thought it should if it's not getting clicked it doesn't hurt to go and change the thumbnail for it um eventually it might get another impression and then somebody clicks it and then YouTube's like wait hold on somebody finally clicked that video I better show it to another person just in case and then it works like that so it's okay to go back and change them if you have time but I tell everybody this your time is better spent making another piece of content rather than focusing on Old pieces of content that that really aren't helping you question 14 now shorts thumbnails are they important I don't know really I mean they only show up on the homepage occasionally but that's only if they are massive shorts and um they show up on your actual page on the shorts shelf I don't know how many people are seeing the shorts thumbnails really if you're a small Channel and your shorts aren't doing like amazing millions of views I don't think they're very important that's all I'm saying all right now finally question 15 now what software is best for making thumbnails I'm going to give you my top three and they're all free okay so software number one we have canva canva is the most popular one it does have a paid tier that offers more AI type tools and stuff like that I made a tutorial on it um it it was pretty intuitive for a beginner and and that's that's cool and allll I personally use Photoshop by the way uh so that doesn't really I don't include that in the list and then is one that a lot of people love it is an open-source software it has a lot of advanced tools it's just got a really steep learning curve and if you learn then you should probably stick with I used to use it back in high school uh I know it's grown a lot since then and then um the last is photo which I used to call it photopia and then people started yelling at me in the live stream so thanks guys but it is basically Photoshop on the browser so you just go to photo.com I believe and uh it's like Photoshop the only downside is it's like it's a little bit less intuitive and there's ads on it which is kind of a pain but uh I'm pretty sure you can pay to remove them if I'm not mistaken uh all that said there is one software Affinity is a paid software that isn't subscription based right so you only pay the onetime fee and uh it is is also pretty Advanced there's a lot you can do with it so that one isn't free let's just break that up so yeah these are the options that I usually tell people when they they ask me about software in the live streams but there is another one coming up the ranks and it was developed by vid IQ so if you need an impressive quick thumbnail tailor made to your video specifically then check this video out check it out okay

  Top Comments:
  1. @ZainThumbnails [1 likes]: This tutorial explains it perfectly 👍
I’ve seen many creators improve their CTR just by fixing thumbnail readability and facial expressions.
  2. @Kingsobi-i8o [1 likes]: 7:40 Me personally i like comic sans and if its like a serious or horror video id pick Papyrus. (and yes i know about undertale but they´re genuinly good fonts)
  3. @ThumbnailSprint [1 likes]: This is supeer
  4. @sportingarenatv7495: Thank for sharing.great content.
  5. @OakleyShumway: 9:35 Markiplier is a great example of this one.
  6. @MiracoMic: Thank you very much
  7. @alignmentofiam: This was very helpful!
  8. @starlight888-l1j: Thanks so much. This video was so helpful and entertaining. I have prior editing skills but am currently trash at making them. Super excited to practice after watching this. Conveying the idea was the one component I was completely missing previously, super important!
  9. @dannynagymusic: I have a podcast that starts with a short musical performance then a short about the person then hop into the episode. I take an element from the episode itself for the thumbnail and title. that isnt really matching with the very start of the video. Any suggestions?thanks
  10. @joseprendes3056: Excellent advice. Clear and exactly what I needed.
  11. @aliarabi.learning: ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ 5\5
  12. @alexfoxleigh: Affinity is now free.
  13. @Rad.Recordings: Great video! 🎉
  14. @thepsychechannel101: I see..thanks
  15. @sidhu_____03-j5m: what about the size
  16. @noallianceb: I bet thumbnail isn't the case, ask Cristiano make a video with a blank thumbnail, he's still getting a lot of views.
  17. @PencilPaper24hrs: My thumnails for long videos are not showing to other' s youtube browse feature. What should I do?
  18. @FourMinuteFamilyHistory4MFH: This was a great video. Loved the fact it was just a walk-through with not a load of add-on effects in the video to jazz it up. Watched right to the end. My thumbnails are awful, so going to work on them now. Thank you!
  19. @FSDD88: English minor here, Serif means feet, Sans Serif means without feet
  20. @Ghazoo99: This Guy is So Informative

- What makes a great YouTube thumbnail: Kind: captions Language: en you know offline you know I got a chance to look at a bunch of thumbnails and it's fascinating which ones do well which ones don't is there something you could say about what are the elements of a thumbnail that work well is this also deeply well that's where yeah it's the same thing like how do you cook good food but um it's easier if you pull up a thumbnail that could be like that's why that's good that's why that's bad that's uh like an example would be like one of my friends I was he just uploaded a video recently and I called him I was like what is this because he's a very very smart guy and in the thumbnail he's he's getting chased by cops but the cops were wearing yellow vests so they didn't look a cop so I was like whoa why are the cops in your thumb wearing yellow vests it's like that makes it so much more boring and he was like carrying a flag but the pole and the color of the flag were the same color so it's like it's a lot harder to see the flag I was like also you're wearing like a shirt with like five different colors like so it's like it's hard to tell what even what your outline is and then in the background there were cars and I was like well if you have cops chasing you why not make the cars cop cars and you know and it's like because in my head I'm like dang if he just did those like four or five things the video probably got like seven extra views how much iteration because I also got a chance to see the number of iterations you do on a I don't know it's a problem now it's an addiction is it so you kind of there's a lot of the versions were really good yeah how do you know what they're like I love how you when we pulled up that uh the burger one and we were flipping through him you're like that's really good I was like oh that's version like one of like a thousand but even the sketch the idea was good like already even the original idea is strong yeah so we one of our coming up videos we made the world's largest plant-based burger and the thumbnail we were thinking is like me standing beside the bird because it's six feet tall that's that's what he's talking about so like just picture a giant six foot tall burger super wide thousands of pounds and then I'm beside it and then it's like eating the world's largest burger like you that's just something you have to click like so you were saying like how would you describe a good thumbnail like that you know what I mean like but I think you said the one I noticed first that was good where you were very small in it relative to the and you didn't like that one I needed to come forward a little bit and also the photo we took was uh just my upper body so they photo manipulated and created my legs Photoshop and that's why I said I didn't like it because my right leg was a little like off it was like bit the wrong way does the physics and thumbnail have to even make sense I mean you can just like exaggerate the head size and all that kind of yeah 100 yeah things don't have to be relative yeah you can have a car in the background be three times the size yeah because yeah every one of my thumbnails my face is in the you know left side very big so brand recognition so just people know oh especially because now that a lot of people copy our videos it's just nice to like you know everyone else might make thumbnails like this but this is mine and obviously we usually over deliver and do bigger stuff

  Top Comments:
  1. @xnkatta [103 likes]: His thumbnails look like they are generated by an algorithm or AI. They are one of the reasons I never clicked on them and didn't know about the dude before he started doing interviews.
  2. @AndogaSpock [27 likes]: I kind of feel proud that I have never heard of this guy.
  3. @ParallelUniversity [13 likes]: I refuse to click on any thumbnail with an open mouth or dumb expression. Unfortunately, there is an army of millions of kids who impulsively click on any dumb expression, so creators aren't going to stop anytime soon.
  4. @LexClips [5 likes]: Full podcast episode: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z3_PwvvfxIU
Lex Fridman podcast channel: https://www.youtube.com/lexfridman
Guest bio: MrBeast is a legendary YouTube creator.
  5. @lou6455 [3 likes]: he ruined youtube
  6. @TheGoofyPower [3 likes]: He does not really have good ones...
the look all the same. Same face, same bodylenguage, same side...
just scroll kinda fast and it looks just like one thing :)
  7. @JustChadC [2 likes]: Ironically, Mr. Beast has the most obnoxious thumbnails
  8. @dharsangt [2 likes]: Jimmy is saying about "Airrack's" video capture the flag IRL
  9. @rubs6330 [2 likes]: Mr.beast voice is kinda like cbum😅
  10. @bandana9977 [1 likes]: would have been good to actually see the thumbnails you were both talking about.
  11. @yamondakawazuki8941 [1 likes]: Welcome to modern youtube! A bunch of people chasing the impulse clicks of toddlers. Welcome to modern motherhood! Get your xanax and wine on the left, their ipads on the right.
  12. @darren.akamojogamingtop6946 [1 likes]: Me beast deal with crypto nooooo thank you
  13. @Sbaak1: Remove all thumbnails and lowercase titles improved my life.
  14. @traders_pov: The thumbnail on the thumbnail is not a 'great' thumbnail.
  15. @CornerTable: Thanks for sharing
  16. @mantikor341: thumbnails these days are horrible. 
I never clicked a mrbeast video until another youtuber i watched mentioned him, saying he was the best youtuber ever. so i checked him out and was like „ah, its the guy with the weird thumbnails“ that was like two years ago and now everybody has the same fucking thumbnails and i just hate them
  17. @cdinaz: This is the first time I've even seen him speak.  Don't know why I thought he was British.  I'm soooo frigging out of touch... I just cringe at his thumbnails and will not click on them.  I think it's a me problem, lol
  18. @hafezaburaihan5835: Very nice video
  19. @chanduv8287: I love mr beast ❤🎖️🏅🥇😘
  20. @imsteamboat9774: 13th

- The Importance of Thumbnails: Kind: captions Language: en Thumbnails are super important, guys. And I’m not talking about the ones that entice you to click on our videos. I’m talking about these thumbnails. Because when you’re an animal with thumbs, sometimes claws just won’t do. And some animals only have nails on their thumbs, because they’re just that helpful. But exactly how you and I&nbsp; started growing thumbnails, or any nails really, is still a mystery. So let’s dive into what&nbsp; scientists have uncovered so far. [INTRO] Let’s start with a bit of Nail 101. The Latin name for a nail is an ungula. Not to be confused with unguis, the general term for any kind of&nbsp; thing protruding out of the digits: claw, hoof, nail, et cetera. And claws, nails, and hooves&nbsp; do all share some basic parts. For example, they all contain&nbsp; a protein called keratin, which gives them their toughness. But nails are unique because they feature a flat&nbsp; plate of keratinized skin that sits on top of a digit and&nbsp; then kind of juts out from there. Hooves are a little special in their own way, because most of the animal’s&nbsp; weight is bearing down on them. Because of that, the plate grows at an angle and wraps around most of the tip of the digit. It also means the keratinized&nbsp; bit has to be thicker. And claws? Well, if you’ve ever been unfortunate enough to be at the receiving end of a cat swipe, you’ll know they’re longer,&nbsp; and more compressed than nails. For the purpose of this video, we’re going to stick to just nails and claws… which thanks to their different forms,&nbsp; are better suited for different tasks. For example, since they’re pointy, claws are great for grabbing a thing and helping that thing rest&nbsp; in the hand…paw…whatever. If you’re a predator, that “thing” might be prey. If you’re something like a sloth, it could be a fat, bark-covered tree branch. But nails might be a better&nbsp; option if you want to be stealthy. Why let claws loudly scratch up that tree branch… risking your prey hearing you before&nbsp; you’re close enough to strike… when you can evolve much quieter nails? And speaking of branches, if the ones you keep reaching for are so slim you can wrap your digits around them, then claws are a pain in the butt&nbsp; because they’ll dig into your palm. Or should I say pain in the leg,&nbsp; because Hank tells me butt is legs… Whether or not what I just said has&nbsp; got you curling your own fingers into your palm right now, try touching something with your fingertip. Our nails can also help make&nbsp; our fingertips more sensitive, because they give the skin under&nbsp; the nail something to push against. This extra sensitivity also makes handling&nbsp; and manipulating small objects easier. But let’s get back to these guys . You probably already have an&nbsp; inkling that having a thumb digit… also known as the pollex…is super handy. Especially an opposable one But it turns out some animals might get similar&nbsp; benefits from having just the thumb nail. In 2025, a team of scientists retraced the&nbsp; evolution of thumbnails in one very particular, but also very massive, animal group: rodents. If it surprises you to learn that rodents&nbsp; have thumbnails, you wouldn’t be alone. Even other scientists have&nbsp; kind of dismissed the rodent&nbsp;&nbsp; thumbnail as a vestigial or non-functional unguis. And that’s partly because the&nbsp; rest of their digits end in claws. It’d be weird to have one&nbsp; unguis for all your fingers and a different unguis for&nbsp; just your thumbs, right? Well, this research team dove into the Field&nbsp; Museum’s massive collection of rodent skins, and looked at 433 different&nbsp; genus groups to catalogue which rodents actually had thumbnails. They also noted where all these&nbsp; rodents preferred to live… like in trees or underground… as well as whether they used their&nbsp; mouths or hands to handle food. From there, the team could&nbsp; reconstruct a family tree to see how and when thumbnails&nbsp; popped up in evolutionary history. It turns out a whopping 86 percent&nbsp; of rodents have thumbnails… at least of the ones sampled. But they all likely shared a&nbsp; thumbnail-wielding common ancestor. As the descendants of that ancestor evolved into the many different species we see today, sometimes that thumbnail turned into a claw… and sometimes it was just lost altogether! After all, sometimes thumbnails&nbsp; might be less helpful than a couple more claws. For example, most rodents with&nbsp; thumbclaws live below ground where they’d need to dig. But there are a ton of rodent species, from squirrels, to beavers, to&nbsp; everyone’s favorite, the capybara. They’re the most abundant kind of mammal, found in all sorts of habitats around the world. And according to this research team, thumbnails may have had a part to play in that. Specifically, because they provided&nbsp; access to a super exclusive food source. Nuts are chock full of energy, but&nbsp; getting at that energy is a challenge. Opening and eating them requires&nbsp; a good amount of dexterity. So if you evolve yourself some&nbsp; thumbnails to improve your dexterity, you might be able to access&nbsp; nutrients your neighbors can’t. And if you’re hankering for nutrients right now, it’s a great time to grab some, because it’s time for an ad break. This SciShow video is supported by DeleteMe, the hands-free subscription service&nbsp; that removes your personal information from hundreds of data broker&nbsp; and people search sites. DeleteMe works to keep your&nbsp; personal information personal and reduce your risk of identity theft, scams, phishing&nbsp; attempts, harassment, and doxing. And not just your info. DeleteMe has been the leading expert in personally identifiable information removal for over 15 years and was recently named&nbsp; the #1 data-removal service by Wirecutter. So /lots/ of people trust them. Like our executive producer,&nbsp; Nicole, who just signed up! And said they got to work&nbsp; removing her info super quickly. They’ve already reviewed over 900&nbsp; records and begun removing them. Plus these privacy advisors are real&nbsp; people available for custom requests and help when you need it. Just use the QR code on screen&nbsp; or go to joindeleteme.com/SCISHOW and use promo code SCISHOW at checkout. You’ll get 20% off DeleteMe US consumer plans. Alright, so rodents probably started out with&nbsp; digits rocking mostly claws and two thumbnails. But what about primates? What about me? Did humanity also start out with&nbsp; just one thumbnail on each hand, and then somewhere along the line&nbsp; swap everything else to match? Well, it’s complicated. Like many of our rodent friends, many living primates also&nbsp; have an odd-one-out digit. Although in our case, that&nbsp; digit is on our hind feet… which for primates with actual&nbsp; hands, are just called feet. That arrangement might sound weird to a human, because all our digits have nails. But some New World Monkeys only&nbsp; have nails on each big toe, a.k.a. the hallux. The rest are claws. Meanwhile, Madagascan lemurs are&nbsp; rocking kinda the opposite setup. Most digits on their hind feet end in a nail, but the toe next to each&nbsp; hallux has a specialized claw. They use it for cleaning themselves, so humans call it a grooming claw. So what did the ancestor of all primates have? And how did humanity’s&nbsp; “oops all nails” come about? We don’t know. One hypothesis says primates&nbsp; started out with mostly claws, which came in a variety of shapes and helped us scurry up thick tree branches. Then, as they started to use their palms more… for moving objects around&nbsp; and eventually using tools… those claws broadened and flattened into nails. However, in a paper published back in 1999, one research group concluded&nbsp; the ancestor to modern primates had already lost all its claws&nbsp; except for the grooming claw. They argued that early primates&nbsp; probably lost the deepest, hardest layer of their claws, which meant the claws were less&nbsp; strong and the tips could be worn away as primates moved around more on the ground. Then in 2018, a paper building off that work&nbsp; tackled the evolution of that grooming claw. The study looked at animals called omomyoids, a group of early primates&nbsp; that kinda looked like a mix between lemurs and tarsiers. Researchers think that as very early primates evolved more developed big toes… specifically, big toes that could&nbsp; help them climb more easily… their second toes were freed up for other uses. And since keeping parasites off&nbsp; yourself is a good way to stay healthy, grooming claws might have been one of those uses. So around 56 million years ago, our ancestors were probably&nbsp; rocking nails and one claw. Then, as some primates became more&nbsp; social and could groom each other, they swapped that claw for another nail. And if you’re something like a titi monkey, you became too solitary and had to&nbsp; re-evolve a grooming claw to DIY. So scientists have these sort of snapshots&nbsp; of what primate claws or nails looked like at different times. But it’s still not clear exactly how… or even really when… we went from a diversity of claws,&nbsp; to potentially just a grooming claw, to the nails we have today. For now, the best idea we have is that&nbsp; somehow claws became a disadvantage, either because our ancestors&nbsp; weren’t climbing thick tree trunks, or were spending more time on the ground. We might not know exactly&nbsp; how our thumbnails evolved. But if you want to check out the&nbsp; evolution of SciShow’s thumbnails, you can go explore that for yourself. [ OUTRO ]

  Top Comments:
  1. @SciShow [12 likes]: Get 20% off DeleteMe by going to https://joindeleteme.com/SCISHOW and use code SCISHOW to protect your privacy!
  2. @DickJohnson-fk7vs: She is so hot. ❤😂
  3. @JaimeMarquez-w4o: ‘Daisy dukes’
  4. @JaimeMarquez-w4o: Daisy dukes
  5. @JackClawson: Hi there, I have NPS (Nail Patella Syndrome) a rare genetic disorder which one of the symptoms is that my thumb nails doesn't grow
  6. @TheFJ61: Okay how many people are examining their thumbs right now 👍
  7. @7of9: We will probably evolve to have permanent gel nail polish.
  8. @7of9: Kitties and their murder mittens!
  9. @antuanbrown4350: Now what about toe nails
  10. @brewingtea1: "Be sure to give this video a Thumbs Up"

Missed opportunity 😉
  11. @zolacnomiko: How did I never know rodents had thumbnails. This is exciting information! The zoomed in images on their tiny little thumbs kinda weird me out. XD Uncanny valley sort of thing.
  12. @jamesboyd7757: Hank Greene for some nutrients 😂
  13. @astrophile...: She's gorgeous ❤
  14. @Frostvampv: The reason why finger nails are so important? It cant be because nerves run through hands and feet and need a way to be protected
  15. @f_u_n_k_y: The Killer Folk from All Tomorrows are depicted as having a thumb with a large claw and nails on their fingers
  16. @f_u_n_k_y: Madagascan Lemurs literally evolved their own combs
  17. @megamanx466: I think we have thumbnails to go with the rest our nails which were designed for digging in non-hard soils to get at food sources or even water underneath. Our nails seem rounded for this. 
I concluded this because I used to dig in the dirt & then clay in the arid southwest U.S. as a kid to make tunnels & such. 😅🤷‍♂
  18. @MsAwyeah: HANK GREEN FOR SOME NUTRIENTS
  19. @jacklandismusic: 3:09 So a museum can have a collection of rodent skins and it’s fine, but I collect rodent skins and I’m a freak? What a double standard jfc
  20. @ikeekieeki: fun and interesting video, thank you

- What is a thumbnail?: Kind: captions Language: en-GB - So why did you click on this video? Maybe it's because we have a really engaging thumbnail. What's the thumbnail you ask? Well hopefully this video will tell you all about thumbnails and why a custom thumbnail could be really useful to you. A thumbnail is an image that is used on a video, on different social medias that hopefully gives you an insight into what that video is going to be about. And hopefully will encourage you to click on that video. So when you upload a video onto a social media platform, it will automatically generate a thumbnail. The thumbnail might be very unflattering to the person in the video and also might not really represent what the video is about. This is why we suggest using a custom thumbnail. A custom thumbnail is one that we would create using either a still image that we took on location, or if not we can use a still image from the video itself. If your video is an animation, we can also do custom thumbnails and we can ensure that it's in line with your branding. We would highly recommend using a custom thumbnail as it can really sort of be attuned to your business and we can make it align with your branding, be it text, colours, any sort of images that you want, so when someone goes onto your social media, they can see all nice and neat and it can fit in line with your business. Hopefully this video has provided you with information about what a thumbnail is, and hopefully going forward you will think about using thumbnails and custom thumbnails to really engage your audiences. If you have any further questions about thumbnails, or you wanna add one to your previous video, any sort of future videos, get in touch with the team and I'm sure we can help you.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Failte630 [31 likes]: I guess my generation would call that a cover photo.
  2. @GoFamous1234 [4 likes]: nice for my first time doing thumb nail
  3. @MarkOlander [3 likes]: Who comes up with these crazy names
  4. @jamilabagash149 [3 likes]: Finally!
  5. @zanzibarpolicecollege [3 likes]: GREAT WE HOPE MORE FROM YOU
  6. @GetuTaye-s3p [2 likes]: ❤
  7. @deshpargass1978 [2 likes]: Thanks
  8. @AviGoorcharan [1 likes]: This video is really hopeful, 
Thanks you so much for that video dr🙏
  9. @ChristineAyuma-z7b [1 likes]: Thank you 5yrs late but really helpful
  10. @perrysar5954 [1 likes]: Fine,but can you please in plain English using simple terms explain what a thumbnail is....thank you
  11. @MrJOHNMICHAELVEGA [1 likes]: I still don’t understand !??
  12. @ServantChief [1 likes]: 😮😮😮
  13. @oshadhaedirisinghe1455 [1 likes]: Thank you
  14. @BenjaxzyShows [1 likes]: Please I need help, my thumbnail is not showing on the session I should see it,why is it like,waiting for your response..
  15. @susiem22 [1 likes]: I still don't know!!
  16. @ThomasBayer-n5c: I'm sorry...but I know what a thumb is...and a nail...but what the HELL is a thumbnail???
  17. @Im_stanidle: I’m out 4 times
  18. @Sandy-ed7ve: Who cares
  19. @susanleverette8641: I still don't really understand what a thumbnail is as it pertains to videos. This video gets a thumbs down.
  20. @parthamajumdar9178: Dear madam, is there anything inside your mouth?!

- The State of YouTube Thumbnails 2025: What's Working Now: Kind: captions Language: en foreign I did it again I reviewed thousands and thousands of YouTube thumbnails to see what's working right now howdy howdy everyone Nate's here let me share what I found the majority of YouTube thumbnails that I found have the Primary Emotion of happy or excited coming in at 25.3 of all the thumbnails and the least common emotion of thumbnails that I found is interestingly enough sadness coming in at just 1.8 percent of thumbnails now where did I get that from out of the thousands of thumbnails that I reviewed I pulled a semi-random sampling of hundreds and hundreds of thumbnails and pulled these data points I selected the broad Niche that they covered on YouTube I collected the link to the video I selected whether it had a face or no face in the thumbnail then I counted the number of words present on the thumbnail as well as the number of objects present on the thumbnail after I did that I selected the Primary Emotion that I felt like that thumbnail was conveying and then I rated that thumbnail on a scale of one to five on The Branding how it related to the other thumbnails present on that channel as well as the perceived quality of the thumbnail and then finally I placed a category on that thumbnail based on the primary categories of successful thumbnails that I found after reviewing thousands of them and among all of this I found some things that I had never seen before among my years of doing this on YouTube I'm going to share them in this video okay so you want specifics so let me show you face versus no face in the thumbnail no face accounted for 24.14 was showing a face on the thumbnail accounting for 75.57 of all the thumbnails now this is interesting to me because we hear all the time that showing your face on thumbnails is somehow more successful versus not but I've got to wonder whether or not it's more successful because it's done more often in fact I'm going to talk more on this a little bit later on next is the word count that I found on the thumbnails the average number of words found on these successful thumbnails was 2.2 words with the mode meaning the most commonly recurring number of words on thumbnails being actually zero and the max number of words present on any of the thumbnails I gathered being 11. want me to keep going well I will next we found object count the amount of things that I would treat as an independent object on the thumbnail let me show you an example of how I pulled this I'm going to pick on the channel donut here and look at the thumbnail itself so when it came to Counting objects I looked at faces a section of text or an element of the thumbnail that appeared like it was meant to be a primary focus so in this thumbnail we've got a face right here two objects of text and then the object of the engine as well as the object of the vehicle so when I input the data I got a word count of two accounting for the two text boxes here and here but an object count of five accounting for the face the engine the vehicle and the two word boxes the Primary Emotion of this thumbnail was happy slash excited based on the face displayed in this thumbnail the average amount of objects I found was 3.68 with the mode being 3 and the max being 13 objects next let's talk emotion and this was very interesting because what I did is I looked at the thumbnail primarily at a face yes but the overall guys of the thumbnail if there wasn't an immediate face telling me Oh this thumbnail is shocking or this thumbnail is I'm disgusted if a face wasn't primarily telling me that the next thing I looked at was what is the emotion trying to be portrayed by this thumbnail and the results rolled in as follows happy slash excited accounted for 25.3 percent of all of the thumbnails neutral accounted for 25.1 percent it was just edged out by a happy slash excited surprised or shocked accounted for 18.2 percent annoyed slash disgust was 6.7 afraid slash confused was 6.4 percent angry or intense was a little bit higher at 7.6 percent and then sadness came in at 1.8 and finally confident or calm came in at 9.1 percent emotion is an interesting thing because it's something that not a lot of people especially nor creators on YouTube think about but the reality is when you portray an emotion to your audience you're naturally more interesting in a thumbnail the data seems to show this from all of the videos I reviewed here now YouTube has stated in the past that they want the experience on YouTube to be a satisfying and or generally uplifting experience for audience members and it makes sense when you think about it if someone's coming to YouTube and they're just feeling depressed and down every single time they go to YouTube are they going to go to it more or less so it makes sense to me that the emotion in the majority of thumbnails and probably the content of the majority of videos on YouTube is in the happy or excited area but that doesn't mean to me that these other categories can't be successful on YouTube in fact if you account for all of these they make up more than the happy or excited category the interesting thing to me here was how few thumbnails were sad as the Primary Emotion and I think this could be attributed to the fact that most people when given the choice choose not to feel sadness in fact I believe there was a Pixar movie a while back all about this what was even crazier to me is that almost every single video that I could primarily attribute the sad emotion to was some sort of announcement about someone's life or mental health or leaving YouTube interesting now I do need to note that this data by no means represents all of the entirety of thumbnail data on YouTube though I wish that I had access to all of YouTube's data heck yeah and if anybody from YouTube is watching this video hit me up send me an email but no this is very interesting because I did my level best to find the top performing videos that were most recent from a broad variety of niches on YouTube in fact I intentionally selected only thumbnails that were published within the last year on each Channel that I looked at now the other two data points I pulled were The Branding continuity as well as the perceived quality that was purely objective on my part how quality did I think that thumbnail was and after inputting this data on so many thumbnails I realized after the fact it wasn't as applicable to the remainder of this video so maybe I'll do a video on that in the future but for now it was kind of a fail now the final area that I collected data here was in the thumbnail category and this was huge in fact it was so big I'm giving it a dedicated section of this video first however I need to address some things that were missing from this data review that I did one I did not have access to the click-through rate for these thumbnails again as much as I wish I could see the analytics on every single one of these channels I reviewed I'm guessing if I went to most of them and said hey you want to share your analytics with me they would say what the heck no so in the absence of that and also in the absence of YouTube giving me access to all of their data that I could possibly ever want I had to operate off of the next best thing and that is total views you see I've referred to it this way in the past because views seems to be a good conglomerate measure of many other metrics if these other metrics are performing well like click-through rate and average view duration Etc then the amount of views on that video seems to go up because it spreads to more people so with that what I was forced to do was look at larger more successful channels in each of these variety of niches and then filter by their most popular videos and then only select the videos that showed as one year ago or newer now I get it YouTube tends to be a bit generous in there how long ago a video was published some of these videos might have been a bit older than a year old I just needed to acknowledge that for data sincerity is that even a term data transparency maybe that's the term I'm thinking about the second thing missing from this was data from small channels or up and coming channels I did this intentionally again because I wanted to focus on what was the Leading Edge or the trending successful channels and what they were doing right now because in many cases what's being successful with the larger channels on YouTube tends to trickle down and be successful for the so-called smaller channels individual reviews of smaller channels thumbnails as well as roasting the heck out of them well that's something to look forward to in the future next thing as I was reviewing these I purposely kept the thumbnails No taller than my thumb no pun intended because in most cases I didn't want to pull up that thumbnail and have an entire screen filled with a thumbnail for me to analyze I wanted to be able to look at these thumbnails for the first impression factor and not be able to pick apart all the disparate tiny details and elements of it all right you want me to keep going well I'm going to keep going next I'm going to ask you to book the like button on this video if it is being crazy mind-blowing like it was to me and or if you want to show appreciation for the sheer amount of work and late nights that I spent Gathering all of this data either way I would love it if you booped the like button on this video thank you for doing that all right we've got categories what are these categories that you're So speaking of Nate you see as I was looking through all of these thumbnails this entire data set I started to realize that each of these thumbnails could be broadly categorized into five different areas five categories I might add that are the most successful on YouTube right now first category I'm calling the collage category let me show you here's a video from the channel Mr who's the boss 19 toxic Tech fails that will last forever if you look at this thumbnail in fact I'll pull it up large for you what is happening here is what I would call a collage of different elements to portray something in the thumbnail let me show you another this is from the channel and mate we've got another collage here we've got 10 minutes we've got a cake and then we've got someone eating a bite of the cake so with this thumbnail you can have the cake and eat it too now collage thumbnails is what I would call the most basic or standard format of thumbnails that can still be successful on YouTube so in the case of these videos this one got 14 million views and this one got almost 700 000 views collages are distinct for the reasons that you'll see as I show you the other categories but first I wanted to tell you how common collages work I keep saying the word collage and if I say that enough time it starts sounding like collage which makes me hungry all right collage thumbnails accounted for 29.4 percent of all of the thumbnails I found so a majority of the thumbnails were this category let me show you the other ones next let's look at the Showcase category these are thumbnails like this here we've got Eric I trapped 25 strangers in a box we got 19 million views on this but look what's Happening Here a showcase thumbnail usually has a primary thing as the name suggests that it is showcasing need another example well let me show you in case you weren't hungry already here we've got another one this is from the channel pickup limes it accounts for almost half a million views on this one look at this now you could argue that this is somewhat like a collage but I would say this is different because of a few things what is the primary focus of this thumbnail it's the food and everything is pointing to the food we're showcasing this food in fact eight ingredients down here with an arrow pointing to it also indicates that this is showcasing how delicious this food looks again it's a showcase 25.4 percent of all the thumbnails I looked at fit into this category next we have the very interesting split frame category and I debated even making this a category and you'll see why here in a moment but this is the type of thumbnail that looks like this voila this video from crafty Panda 2.4 million views let me show you the thumbnail split frame is distinct from showcase because it is often a showcase but it's intentionally done in more than one frame either two get this showcase more than one thing within the thumbnail or to indicate a progression of time or results so this is a Showcase of two different lock hacks let me show you another example we've got Ali abdall 5.4 million views on this one let's look at the thumbnail it's also a split frame but this one is intentionally showing the progression of time or results before and after split frames surprisingly enough accounts for only 11.2 percent of all of the thumbnails I collected I was going to show this thumbnail but they changed it Nathan Doan comedy their thumbnail used to look like this if you see this tiny preview here there was a single action or a movement occurring within this because it was showing 12 years remained with this download but they changed it to this so now I can't talk about it in this video I selected another one from the channel Stephen he this one's got almost a million views on it and this is what it looks like now let me explain why this becomes a single action or movement thumbnail you could say that this is a showcase it's showcasing an iPhone and it's iPhone 14 but it's crossed out in this 15. you could say that but this is distinct from showcase because what is emphasized here the action of Crossing out the 14 and writing a 15. because it is handwritten on this the primary focus becomes a single action or a single movement let me show you another one all right we got this one I'm picking on donut again here but this video did 5.2 million views let's look at the thumbnail here we're going in layers here because collage we've got a person holding a nail gun and they're shooting a mannequin's face collage right we've got showcase could be showcasing this nail gun but next layer deep here is the action of testing these safety goggles by shooting them with a nail gun now single action or movement videos accounted for 10.4 percent of all of the thumbnails I found and that brings us to the fifth category which is this one we've got Matt and Abby 2.4 million views let's look at the thumbnail what is happening in this thumbnail is we're getting a clear reaction to an event or something happening want me to keep going well here's another example this is from the coding train and again we have another reaction you see you and I most people who spend a lot of time on YouTube are very familiar with the reaction style of thumbnail but what we don't always realize is that more thumbnails are reactions than we think because the traditional reaction is Doctor reacts to horrible medical disasters and they're going ah like that kind of reaction this thumbnail is also a reaction because what's the primary focus here it's certainly not this background that's just to give context for this guy down in the corner over here and just looking at this what is the reaction here it's either oh my gosh that just happened or oh my gosh I can't believe that just happened and the reaction category of thumbnail accounts for 23.9 percent of all the thumbnails I found now you want to know what else I found well I'll keep going one showing face or not showing a face in the thumbnails is heavily affected on these successful channels by whether or not they show their face in the videos themselves that kind of makes sense but the crazy thing here was my criteria for face versus not showing a face in thumbnails was not just a human face it could also be a video game face it could also be an animated or a cartoon face the same rule applied here the second crazy thing about showing your face versus not showing your face and this is perhaps why the vast majority of the thumbnails I found did show a face in the thumbnails is this showing your face is one of the most effective simplest ways to communicate an emotion to an audience in fact I finally looked it up before recording this video and yeah yes people start as infants very small infants learning about the world based on familiar faces and their emotions infants and young children will look at the faces of the trusted people around them to understand how they should interpret what's happening to them so what does that mean for your thumbnails you can use the emotion of a face and a thumbnail to instantly tell people how they should feel about that video before even watching the video is that crazy yes indeed it is next crazy thing I found the scenery of the thumbnail meaning the stuff happening behind the objects and everything sets the stage for the objects and so what that means is the scenery that sets the stage should be as easily understandable as possible to the broadest amount of people go back and re-watch that again to get what I just said what that means is the scenery should be things that most people are aware of it could be grass it could be a street it could be ice or just simply a colored or simple textured background you want me to keep going I'm going to keep going the next crazy thing I I found here is the use of symmetry in thumbnails is very interesting and can be very eye-catching if done well let me show you an example the thumbnail on this video accounts for 22 million views on it and if we look at it there is an odd use of symmetry going on here symmetry being things on either side are almost the exact same we've got the triangle that is symmetrical and we've got two shark fins that are also symmetrical on either side of the primary focus of this thumbnail I have seen symmetry be used again and again very effectively but not very often such that I actually didn't include it as a category in this video even though the ones that I saw seem to be very effective and also I gotta tell you I'm sorry because now that you're aware that symmetry exists on thumbnails you are now going to be seeing them all over the place and the next crazy thing I found is

  Top Comments:
  1. @ThatNateBlack [202 likes]: Thank you for watching! This video took a lot of time to make. Hope you find it crazy useful!

Also, I keep getting requests for more help or insider dibs on roasts, so I've created a group where you can be informed when things are happening (first) here: https://radicalyt.com/

Scroll down on that page and join the group!
  2. @Narutoanime925 [46 likes]: I use Synthopic to generate my YouTube thumbnails and it honestly made my workflow so much faster. Just sketch out an idea and it makes it look polished.
  3. @HearingLossPathfinder [1 likes]: Nate, I have to tell you something quite funny. In one of your videos that was done about a year ago. You did the video at night. Your background was dark with a soft red light behind you. There was an amazing cricket sound during the video. I thought to myself, "Wow Nate, great sound in the background for your video". However, once the video was over, the cricket sound continued. I discovered I had several crickets outside my window! But hey, I will still give you the credit for a great background sound.  Liza
  4. @youtubecom14 [1 likes]: This video is from 2023. Why u cappin in the title?
  5. @Mindsaw [1 likes]: 16:06 minutes of #'s and bad jokes
  6. @stregadisalem732: Is anyone else less likely to watch a video if the person looks shocked or horrified?  Also human faces are disappearing.  Everyone looks like an AI airbrushed version of themselves.  Garbage.
  7. @flashmemories: last week they were testing some sort of AI upscale feature by applying it to all thumbnails on all pages on desktop. im talking about the videos by others that appear in my subscription feed, my home feed, suggested videos. it was terrible and only after sending a report to youtube, did it switch back to normal for me.
  8. @AlexBaseballEveryDay: Why isn't YouTube more effective in making thumbnails that show the most important frame of the video?
  9. @Siddarth584: Was struggling to make good thumbnails until I tried Synthopic. The AI just understands what works. Super underrated tool.
  10. @preethi_a1919: Started using Synthopic after someone mentioned it here. Making thumbnails takes way less time now and they look way better.
  11. @TheRealOwnerOFindia28k: Synthopic thumbnails helped my click-through rate go up. The tool is super easy to use and the results actually look pro.
  12. @thelyon3791: On a YouTube thumbnail I literally saw full commando naked lady once Beaver, rump  Shaker and the twins All in one photo. Who polices this stuff?!
  13. @ChrisMTube: Very well researched
  14. @GrimmyEatWorld: Why do all my thumbnails appear blurry and pixely once on youtube?
  15. @EveryFurtherMile: My videos without us on the thumbnails are by far better performing. I think it's because we're new and we are not at all the subject of these videos. We are just giving information.
  16. @UltrafineDeluxe: thumbnail marketing analysis truly is a sign of how low functioning & easily amused the average human is
  17. @DarkGlimmerart: As a faceless art channel I want the focus to be on my art. But from a marketing standpoint showing a person or mascot resonates better with an audience. I use my cat since he often interupts my filming oftentimes appearing. He has an adorable face I think that should count 😂
  18. @SamyJomed: Wow 😮😮
  19. @patrickfotowalks: I hope you know that you can get tons of youtube data using the youtube API or even when using tools like Vidiq.
  20. @Talesbyeve1: Please nate i will love you if can make content  on someone been stucked up on the second procedure  of getting  monetized  for so long been showing in progress for days .


Can you make a content  on how to solve this

- How I Got 1000 Subscribers in 8 Days (Do This to Actually Grow on YouTube): Kind: captions Language: en So, for the first six weeks of uploading to this channel, I was getting almost zero views and zero subscribers. And it got to a point where I realized I need to switch something up. So, after making just one small change, I reached my first 1,000 subscribers just 8 days later, which is absolutely mental. So, in this video, I want to share with you how I made that happen using that one simple change, and how you can also use it to get to your first 1,000 subscribers as well. Okay, so here we are inside of my YouTube analytics. And what we're looking at here is the first 6 weeks of the channel and you can see there's not really much going on. So we're getting 10 views, eight views, some some days were even zero views. And over the course of that entire 6 week period, we gained 11 subscribers. And it's important to note that all new creators and all new YouTube channels have a period like this where there's nothing going on. And I call this the dead zone. but also because the niche I'm trying to get into is extremely saturated, which by the way, if you don't know who I am, my name is George and I help earlystage creators to grow faster and earn more. But this content creation niche is very saturated, so I did expect the results to be quite slow at first. But I'm not sure if I expected the views to be this low. I mean, there were some videos that literally got zero views when I uploaded them. And if you're in this stage of your journey as a creator, maybe you can relate to this because even though the views were very low, I knew I had something to share and I knew that I had insights that people would find valuable. So, I had to keep going. But having said that, it's still not a great feeling. Like, let's just be honest with each other. If you spend hours or even days on a video and you put your heart into it and your creativity into it and it gets like seven views, it does sting a little bit. Like, let's just be honest. But then I posted a video called How Content Creation Completely Changed My Life in 90 Days. And it's actually pretty likely that that video is how you found my channel in the first place. And now if we look back to the analytics, you can see that that 6 week period that we were looking at before, I mean, you can barely even see those spikes that we were looking at. And you can see as soon as I posted that video, the views just immediately shot up to, you know, about 6,000 views a day. And if we click up here, you can see that in the 8day period after I posted that video, we reached 1,000 subscribers. And I really wanted to show you this because I really want you to see that just one video can literally change everything. And I think this is so interesting because when it comes to YouTube, I think a lot of new creators, they expect to see kind of slow, linear progression over time. And they usually expect to see something a little bit like this. And there's a reason why we expect this because you know in life that's usually how we see results with this kind of slow linear progression towards our goals. For example, if you were trying to learn the piano, you would expect that over time and over the years with practice, you would slowly improve and slowly see results. But when it comes to seeing results on YouTube, I would say 90% of the time it's not going to look like this. it's going to look more like this where we have this kind of long dead zone period and then all of a sudden you post one video and everything changes. And this actually happens to most of the big creators. So I remember Hamza back in the day talking about this where he was describing this long period where nothing was going on and then all of a sudden he posted one video and his entire channel blew up. This is so valuable because it means that if you're not seeing results yet and maybe you're feeling a little bit disheartened, it might be because you're expecting to be here in terms of your results, but you might actually be here. So, yeah, that's just something to think about. Now, let's dive into this then. So, what one change did I make right here to reach my first 1,000 subscribers in 8 days? Now, here's the thing. When you are an early stage creator, you have a big problem to overcome. And that's that when people see your video recommended, they also see the amount of views. And this could be a bit of a problem because unfortunately when people see a video with low views, they associate it with low quality and then obviously they're less likely to click on it. And the most egregious example of this is if you were to upload a video called How to Grow on YouTube and the video had, you know, like seven views, then it's going to be very hard to get people to take you seriously. But this also actually applies to any niche on YouTube. Because if people see your video next to a video that has a ton of views, they're going to be more likely to click on the video with high views. because again they associate it with high quality and I wish that wasn't the case but it is the truth. So how do we remedy this issue? How do we counteract this negative social proof of having low views and not many subscribers? Well, what we're going to do is lean into our newcomer status. So what on earth do I mean by that? Well, I think this will make a lot more sense if I give you an example. So let's say you're trying to get into the fitness niche and you know you've got 12 subscribers. You're a brand new creator. Now, at some point, your videos are going to start getting recommended next to the absolute pros. You know, these are guys with perfect bodies in perfect lighting. You know, they've got millions of views. And if you posted a video called How to Build Muscle Fast or something like that, it is game over because people are going to go with the pros with millions of views every single time because they're going to assume that they have more value to give. It's just the harsh truth. But here's how we fix this. We need to lean into the fact that we are new creators. So, we need to lean into our newcomer status. So, instead of just posting a broad video about how to build muscle fast, it would be way more powerful to post a video documenting your first year or even your first 30 days trying to build muscle as a beginner. And to prove how well this idea works, this is Joe Faser's channel. He has around 2 million subscribers and his first ever video has 31 million views. And the title and thumbnail looks like this. Now, the thing is that 31 million people didn't click on this video because they thought he was a certified expert. They clicked because they saw themselves in him and they wanted to follow along with the early stages of his journey. So now if we zoom out, this is so interesting because if you post a video where you lean into your status as a new creator instead of trying to look like an expert, the fact that the video has low views kind of compliments the video itself because it makes people think that they're discovering something valuable and something relatable that not that many people know about. And the crazy thing is that in all the videos I've watched about, you know, how to grow a YouTube channel, they never mention this, which is mad because it's such a powerful concept for new creators because again, this is the concept that I used to start seeing some real growth on this channel. So instead of posting videos like how to grow an audience in 2025 and and things like that, instead I decided to switch it up and lean into my newcomer status and start talking about the struggles and the successes of my first 90 days as a content creator. And in that video that did quite well, I talked about all my insecurities and all my overthinking when talking to a camera. And I talked about my unfiltered experiences as a beginner. And I think people really resonated with that because it's something that everyone goes through and everyone can relate to when it comes to getting into content creation. So finally, how do we apply this to your own videos? So you want to start off by asking yourself, what journey are you actually on right now? Like genuinely, what are you learning? What are you building? And what are you struggling with? Because trust me, these small moments are so much more powerful than you think. These are the moments that make your story real and they make you more magnetic. And then you can also think, what is a specific milestone that you've hit recently, even if it's small, that others might want to hit as well? Like for example, this video right now. So to a lot of people, hitting 1,000 subscribers is not really a big deal, but to a lot of small creators is a huge milestone. And these are the aspects of your journey that you really want to focus on. And it's so cool because this is actually your advantage as a small creator because people don't always want to learn from the experts or the gurus. Sometimes they'd rather just learn from the person who is maybe one or two steps ahead of them. And I think that's actually what I'd like to leave you with because if you're sat there thinking, you know, I don't have anything to teach or I don't I don't have anything that I'm an expert in, then you're probably the exact kind of creator that somebody out there needs. And if you are interested in watching or even re-watching that video that got me to 1,000 subscribers in 8 days, then there should be a little box appearing on the screen somewhere over here. So yeah, click onto that video and I'll see you there. [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @george.xander [476 likes]: Thanks for watching 💙 btw if you want my complete, step-by-step system for actually growing a real audience as a creator, this if for you → https://zerotocreator.co
  2. @Progamer_5263 [1 likes]: I have 900 Subs 😊
  3. @Biarissa-e7w [1 likes]: Hey! I just posted my first 2 videos on this new channel and yes, is very hard. 0 subscribers at the moment :D But you motivate me to keep going! I appreciate it. ❤
  4. @AmuhaByYukti: New creator here❤ need your support friends 😅 ✨
  5. @DreamWorksvlog8205: Lets grow together💪🏻💪🏻..New creator 2026
  6. @randypalacios3431: Ito all the small channels we got this
  7. @Trulyblessed951: Truly blessed for this video!! Posting my first one Friday!
  8. @michaelnowaczewski: It’s amazing how you figured all of this out on your own. And honestly, isn’t finally becoming yourself worth more than thousands of subscribers?

I bet that feeling beats any number on the screen 😉
  9. @BeyondBroke-w7j: ✅✅✅✅🙌🏻🙌🏻❤️
  10. @GenXStuff: Currently in deadzone and trying to figure it out. Thanks man, this helps a lot.
  11. @yrolgkidstv: Who else is watching may 2026😊
  12. @TopChie.: Anyone here trying to get 1000 subscribers too?
  13. @CalmCookingJourney: It's hard to stand out with one video making ASMR cooking videos without showing yourself
  14. @lyfwtrahul: Such good information.. presenting in a perfect way..❤
  15. @TryItWithTyler: Thanks for the tips bro👌🏼
  16. @Createwealthwithruth: I am a new creator in 2026,If you are a new creator let's connect
  17. @ADayInMyLIFE-n5i: Hi good day, new creator here.❤
  18. @GrowYourOwnSeasonGardening: You are 100% correct ... I just started my channel, and it is slow growing.  Did get my first subscriber so that was really cool.    I don't need to have my channel "blow up", just need it to get to people who could use the information I am posting on gardening.
  19. @CamoMilk514: Thanks for the insight george
  20. @MDCRx: I have to keep thinking of myself as a new creator as a wellness creator of 5ish years 😂😢

- How to Get 1,000 Subscribers, FAST: Kind: captions Language: en I grew a brand new YouTube channel from zero all the way to 1,000 subscribers in under 30 days but the craziest part is that only 30 days later it's at 7,000 subscribers and Counting most YouTubers say you need to spend 1 to 2 years making videos before you see any growth and this may have been the case in 2018 when they first started but in 2024 there is a new type of Channel like this this and this getting hundreds of thousands of subscribers in just a few months and they all follow a step-by-step strategy that I'm about to share with you completely for free so that you can apply apply it to your channel and have your next video look like this because when you know how big YouTubers guarantee their videos go viral you'll be able to consistently get 10,000 plus views on every video and grow to 1,000 subscribers in the next 30 days all without having years of experience genius IQ or money to invest so to get your first 1,000 subscribers you need around 25,000 views and most of all YouTubers are averaging 100 to 1,000 views per video this means that it will take you 25 to 250 videos to hit your first 1,000 subscribers so the fact fastest way to get 1,000 Subs fast is simply increase the average views per video and there's a genius strategy that the big YouTubers use to do this to guarantee their videos go viral and you can use the same strategy on your small Channel but they normally keep it behind a pay wall in private WhatsApp groups or among their close friends and I know that because I've been in those rooms and I've seen those conversations so it's no wonder that they keep growing bigger while you're still waking up with no new subscribers and I've used the same strategy on my channel to average 15,000 views per video meaning that I only need to post twice to get 1,000 subscribers so once you understand this strategy you'll be able to beat the algorithm by only making proven videos just like AR act did with this one just like Mr Beast did with this one and just like Jack Gordon did with this one it all comes down to three simple steps first I want you to go to the YouTube homepage click on the search bar and type in a keyword let's use Mr Beast video train versus giant pit as an example his idea has the base keywords train and giant pit so if we sort by train and then look up The View count we see this video video pop up it got 163 million views in only 2 years but if we put the Mr Beast video right next to it we'll see some similarities now let's look up the keyword dirt bike the first image that we see looks like this which is suspiciously similar to this video done by AR lastly if we search up the keyword bicycle we can match it to this video by Jack Gordon I'm telling you all of the big YouTubers do this and if you apply this to your own videos you will never see a 10 out of 10 again because when you know how to find proven videos you'll be able to model them and consistently go viral and this will increase your average views per video so that you can hit 1,000 subscribers in the next 30 days but to do this successfully you need to remember that most people try to model what works but if that was the right way to do it then everyone would be going viral I spent my first 2 years creating content that was modeled after other big YouTubers only to see results like this every morning but now that I've grown hundreds of thousands of subscribers across multiple channels I realize where most people go wrong the key here is to steal like an artist copy and paste thumbnails never work so what you want to do is change at least two things about each thumbnail first off you want to recreate it using better colors because most of these thumbnails are pretty bland next you want to add at least two elements that weren't there before maybe that could be an arrow bringing attention to the center point of the thumbnail adding your head shot to make it custom to you or adding some sort of text that gives context or curiosity about what's in the video but if you really want the viewer to watch there's about a 5-second window after they click whether they decide to leave the video or stay till the end and I figured out a proven way to make sure they stick around it all comes down to confirmation bias if a viewer makes the decision to click on your thumbnail they want to feel like they've made the right choice so your job is to give that to them on a silver platter let's take a look at the channel Preston goes his title and thumbnail for this video were modeled off of this video using the same strategy we just went over but he takes it one step farther you can see that when we click into his video he uses the exact same image as he used for the thumbnail doing this gives the viewer immediate satisfaction and gets them past the dreaded 5-second Mark but once your viewer has has stayed past the 5-second mark you need to keep them for the rest of the video because they could click off at any time therefore we need to write a script that will trap the viewer into watching your video so that you can take your retention graphs from this to this and I've put together a three-step process to make sure viewers stick around and if you're still here right now I guess it works the first step is writing a perfect intro look at this graph the biggest drop off is in the first 30 seconds and I guarantee if you look at your videos you will also notice the same thing after that the line goes down slowly as viewers leave throughout the video but it's not that bad so the lower we can make this drop in the beginning the higher we can start that line at and increase our AP by 10 to 20% and that 10% could be the difference between your video blowing up or never seeing the YouTube homepage to do this I'm about to give you a proven intro framework by Colin and Samir and this exact framework is the same reason why you're here listening to me speak because it targets the specific dopamine pockets in the brain that make viewers stick around the first line in your intro should always immediately confirm to The View viewer that this is the video they clicked on and the packaging is not clickbait plus there needs to be social proof for example the first line in this video was I grew a brand new YouTube channel from zero all the way to 1,000 subscribers in under 30 days this repeats the idea that this is a video about growing on YouTube fast it also has a smidge of social proof because I'm showing I actually did it the next is introduce new narratives and unclosed Loops you want to convey this in a simple manner visually to be easily understood we do this by opening Loops in the viewer's mind and open loop Loop is essentially a question that hasn't been answered yet so in this video I said this but in 2024 there is a new type of Channel like this this and this getting hundreds of thousands of subscribers in just a few months I didn't actually ask a question but now the viewer is wondering what makes these channels different from M and if you pay close attention I didn't actually answer that until later in the video this infiltrates into the viewer's subconscious mind because they crave to have their questions answered because when that happens they get a big hit of dopamine and if it doesn't happen they're left with a feeling of in completeness now the third line that I'm about to show you will submit the pattern of the video into their brain so you have to set the right expectation for the pacing tone and style 99% of YouTubers think that you need to have a fast video in fact I blew up Joel kaplan's YouTube channel from 6,000 to 24,000 subscribers making videos like this it simply comes down to creating the right expectation if you tell the viewer that the rest of the video is going to be slow and then you give them the reasons behind it your avd is going to be way higher than if you said nothing because if a viewer just HPS onto a slow video that they weren't expecting to be slow they're going to leave for example with Joel's videos we always say this sit back relax and let's dive in now the viewer expects a slower more valuable video alternatively if you have faster videos like me then you could say something like in the next 10 minutes I'm going to show you exactly how to start a YouTube channel from scratch implying you have a faster video and the last thing that you need to write a perfect intro is establishing your Singularity I do this with social proof or simply restating my mission to take 1,000 YouTubers to over 100,000 subscribers completely for free in fact I even have a free YouTube course coming out on January 1st that's better than most YouTubers paid stuff so subscribe to see that now that we have a perfect intro we need to make sure the body of the video is structured properly I'm not here to waste your time so here's a screen recording of my current framework that I'm using to write this video feel free to copy it word for word the key thing here is having both payoffs and open Loops in your video open Loops raise the questions and payoffs answer them because like I said the viewer gets a big hit of dopamine each time a loop is closed so you want to close at least four to five Loops in each video so that the viewer stays satisfied the final part of our script is the CTA or call to action which simply means telling the viewer what to do next my call to action is always just watch the next video on my channel and I recently found a framework by George Blackman Ali abdall script writer that has taken my Inc screen clickthrough rate from this to this that means that for every 100,000 views on my channel I'm getting an extra 8,000 by changing just one thing and trust me these these little changes make all of the difference in your YouTube growth the framework looks like this link curiosity Gap and CTA promise linking would be connecting your CTA to the end of your video The Curiosity Gap would be opening a loop in the viewers mind that they want answered the CTA promise would be telling the viewer what to do and why doing that thing will close the loop in their head it's actually genius it's gotten me tens of thousands of views for free and altogether it looks something like this so now that you know how to both make a viewer click and stay on your video you need to learn how to come up with ideas that are actually worthy of going viral and there's an ideation strategy that I've been doing recently that's had a huge impact on my channel so check out this video where I show you what it is and how you can use it to guarantee your next video goes viral thank you and have a great day

  Top Comments:
  1. @amplifyviews [20 likes]: Work with me 👉 https://go.amplifyaccelerator.com/67633d29
  2. @StarPlayz-17 [2 likes]: if you have a channel like the comment plz
  3. @Ferrorplayz [1 likes]: Small channels gather here
👇
  4. @Random_Clips_Central23 [1 likes]: MAKE THIS COMMENT VIRAL!!
  5. @DoubleDaTrouble-IKR: the person who's reading this, I pray you get really successful <3
  6. @DoubleDaTrouble-IKR: I hope everyone reading this hits 1k subs
  7. @StarPlayz-17: ok for every like i get in may to augest i will slap myself or climb i mm of a mountin
  8. @Heidiserena: thank you for the advice
  9. @gohan9657: Waiting follow to gain 1
  10. @gohan9657: Need followers 318
  11. @XFSDD: Why are you telling to steal other people’s thumbnails? But just change a little bit huh. Maybe it can make you go viral but that’s no excuse
  12. @DhammaForALifetime: I'm small YouTuber 😢
  13. @youtubeeditedclips: Small channels, let’s keep at it!
  14. @Orblyzcontentstudio: I'm a small YouTuber and still fighting ✊
  15. @Kingyamalontop: bruh not work i have 12 views
  16. @TradingwithDMoney: I will try this.
  17. @CodeMonicaOGYN: small niche creator here
  18. @Pvblox: Subscribe toe = 1 pushup
  19. @BennytheBabyTitanSpeakerman: Another Laptop one! Seriously? 😒
  20. @Anthony-Quintanilla: Who likes funny comedy Skits??subscribe and watch today!!

- This is Boring, But You’ll Hit 1,000 Subscribers Fast: Kind: captions Language: en Getting your first 1,000 subscribers is easy. And in this video, I'm going to show you exactly how to do it. Let's get into it. So, firstly, it's super important that we shift your focus because to hit 1,000 subscribers, you're going to need to stop focusing on getting more subscribers. And this sounds weird, I know, but instead, I want you to solely focus on getting more views. Because ultimately, views bring subscribers. Nobody will subscribe without viewing one of your videos first. And on average, only around 2% of viewers watching your videos will actually subscribe to your channel, which means you'd need at least like 50,000 views or more across your entire channel to hit 1,000 subscribers. So, we need to increase your views, but we also need to improve that 2% subscription rate. But how do we do that? Well, I'm sure that many of you guys watching this video right now are probably in what we call the dead zone. Now, the dead zone is where creators like you face weeks or months of minimal growth, like less than 200 views per video and are getting around five or so new subscribers per week. But don't worry, it is actually quite easy to get out of the dead zone if you know what you're doing. But first, you just need to realize that growth on YouTube is not perfectly linear. It often times looks flat until you have one breakout video that changes everything. And to get that one breakout video, you're just going to need to get better at video ideas first. So, method number one is mastering viral video ideas. Because, as Mr. Beast said, YouTube is an ideas business, and ideas are the number one growth lever on YouTube. The best video idea will outperform the best editing or the best thumbnail every single time. And the new system for ideas that works the best is called the hot dog method. Now, the hot dog method is basically where instead of finding already viral videos and trying to compete with the big creators, what you need to do is actually to find videos with lots of views, but has poor execution. Maybe it's a badly edited video or it has a rubbish title on the thumbnail. Or maybe the person in the actual video itself was just a bit dull and boring, but the actual video idea clearly worked. Well, that's what we call a market opportunity. And it's where you're going to step in because you know that you can make that same idea, but with a better title, a better thumbnail, and a stronger delivery. And if you can do that on top of an already proven video idea, well, that's where the really big opportunities lie for serious growth. Now, for me, I did this right at the start of my YouTube journey, and it's actually what led me to my first ever breakthrough. Now, this video here by Jevan, I found this video when I had around 800 subscribers. And basically, I saw that it did super well for him and his channel, but I personally thought his title was bang average, and I thought the actual content within the video was just a bit dull and boring. And luckily for me, I know a ton about this video topic. So, I thought that if I could make the same video, but with a better title and far more engaging delivery, my video would pop off, too. And it did. over a quarter of a million views, 14,000 watch hours, nearly 9,000 subscribers, and over $1,400 in earnings. Now, if you want to try the hot dog method, then here's a few little points you should consider when you look for one of these videos. Number one, look for a video with a high view to sub ratio, ideally 5:1. So, that means five times more views than their subscriber count. Number two, check if the thumbnail and title are weak. Are they boring, unclear, low effort? And number three, watch for poor execution. Is the creator rambling? Is there no editing? Is there only text? Is it bad audio? Number four, ask yourself, is the idea strong but underdelivered? If yes, it's a great target. And then you need to plan how you can make it better. Make a clearer title, stronger thumbnail, better structure, and more engaging delivery. And that's it. Make these videos, but better. And trust me, your subscribers will re in. Then method number two, shorts that drive to long form. We all know by now that your shorts have the ability to bring in a crazy amount of views and subscribers. But what I'm about to show you is going to blow your mind. Listen to this. So, this is the most viral short on my travel channel. It got over 7 million views and bought in 13,000 new subscribers just from one shot. Now, the wild thing here is the fact that this short was actually just a quick clip taken directly from a long form video I had already posted weeks before. Like that particular short wasn't a special edit or anything. It was literally just taken directly from a long form video. And this is the actual video I took it from. And look, this video only got 23,000 views and 72 subscribers, which is crazy because the viral short is the exact same content. But it just shows you that taking viral moments from your long form videos and posting them out as shorts can be a huge boost for views and subscribers. Now, the easiest way you can do this is to use a tool like Nexus Clips, which basically just clips up long form videos into like five different viral shorts. So, when you post a new video or if you still have your old videos saved on your computer, go and upload them to Nexus Clips. Get the AI tool to clip up five different shorts from that one video automatically. Then upload these shorts straight away to YouTube and link them all to your new video. That way, you've posted like five bits of content from one single video. And hopefully, just like my short, at least one of these clips will go viral, and you'll receive a ton of new views and new subscribers. Link is in the description below. All right, then. Method number three is to create content that connects. This is where most small YouTubers go horribly wrong because I see way too many of you guys trying to make content that like teaches or shows something, but what you actually fail to do is connect with the person that's watching. And when you create content that doesn't connect with people, they might watch for a few minutes, but they won't subscribe to you and they won't come back because they don't feel a real connection with your channel. So, to get more people to subscribe to you, you need to make sure your content connects with them. And this is how you can do it. It comes down to two things. Your relatability and your journey. And let me break them both down for you. First of all, your relatability. Your viewers don't care about perfection. What they want is they want real authentic value. So, if you're starting out or if you have a small channel for a while, whatever you do, do not pretend to be an expert. Instead, you need to lean into being a beginner. People will love it if you share your struggles. Like, share what you're learning and share as you go. And then we have your journey. And instead of hiding the fact you're a new channel, make it part of your brand. Document your first 90 days. Document your first 100 subscribers. Document your first dollar online. These milestones create a journey your audience can follow. And when your audience feels like they're there with you on your journey, they'll hit that subscribe button so they don't miss what happens next. And when you create content that connects with people, your videos stop just being something to watch and start becoming like something to follow. And that's the difference between a viewer and a subscriber. Now the fourth method is social proof. And this is something that every small YouTuber seriously underestimates. Now social proof is the idea that people judge how valuable or trustworthy something is based on how popular it already looks. Now in YouTube terms that means that if your video only has like five views, unfortunately most people won't click on it. Or let's say if your channel only has like 20 subscribers, most people will assume that you're not worth watching. It's unfair, I know, but it's reality. But here's the thing. As a new YouTuber or a small YouTuber, you actually have an advantage here because people's expectations of you are already low. And that gives you an opportunity to overd deliver. And what I mean by this is when people click on a small channel and the content is way better than they expected, you instantly stand out because your viewers will feel like they've discovered you and they're far more likely to subscribe because of that. So, the key here is to lean into your authenticity. Don't try and be the guru who knows it all. Like, don't pretend you're bigger than you are. Instead, be transparent about your journey and make your viewers feel like they're growing with you. Now, for me, at the start of my journey on this channel, I literally called myself a small YouTuber in all of my videos. Like, all the way up till I hit about 50,000 subscribers. And it worked because it made me relatable. My viewers weren't just watching my videos. They felt like they were part of my story. So instead of letting low views and low subscribers discourage you, use them as part of your positioning. Show them that you're learning, improving, and growing, and invite your audience to grow with you. That's how you flip social proof from a disadvantage into a superpower. And then finally, method five is retention and call to actions. Now, your retention rate is probably the single most important metric on YouTube because your retention rate is basically how long people stay watching your videos. And YouTube only really cares about one thing. Are people sticking around and watching all of the video or are they clicking off early? Because the longer people watch your video for, the more your video gets pushed out to more and more people. However, the less time people spend watching your video, the less YouTube will push it. So, how do you increase retention? Well, the first 30 seconds are absolutely critical. Every retention graph will look like this. A huge drop off of people almost instantly. So, to improve your overall retention rate, the easiest thing you can do is to make sure you hook the viewer in straight away, within the first 30 seconds. This means that your opening scene can't have any fluff, no boring intros, and no rambling. Just get straight to the value. And then another tactic I use in my own videos is teasing. Now, what I mean by this is if you're going to drop a big insight or something super interesting later in the video, tell people up front. literally just be like, "Stick around until the end because I'm going to show you the exact strategy I use to get 50,000 subscribers from one video." And that's what's called future pacing. It basically perks up interest and gives people a reason to keep watching. But retention doesn't stop with the content itself. It ties directly into your call to actions. And most small channels mess this up by saying, "Please like this video and subscribe to my channel within the first 10 to 30 seconds." But the truth is, people don't care about subscribing unless you actually give them a reason to. So instead, what you need to do is give them as much value as possible and then ask them to subscribe to you. And then tie this to the value you gave them. For example, what you could do is say something like, "If you want more strategies, like this one that got me 50,000 new subscribers, make sure to subscribe so you don't miss the next video." Like something like that. And that way subscribing feels like the natural next step for them, like not a favor to you. Master both retention and call to actions, and I promise you, your growth will explode. Now, if you want to take your YouTube channel to the next step, I have a number of different YouTube growth courses that start from just $59. Now, my YouTube Academy is incredibly popular right now, but I also have just released the YouTube Wealth Accelerator, a cheaper course, but full of a ton of value that will teach you all you need to know about YouTube growth. The link is in the description below, so come and join us. If not, YouTube thinks that this is the most suitable video for you to watch next.

  Top Comments:
  1. @danthecreatr [62 likes]: Come and join my YouTube Academy: https://www.ytwealthacademy.org
  2. @UrbanSoundPulse [1 likes]: Great advice for small creators. I’m also building a new deep house music channel and learning step by step. Wishing everyone here growth and good energy. If you enjoy summer deep house vibes, feel free to check out Urban Sound Pulse. 💜
  3. @GrizzlyLumenLabHQ: Im almost at 1k subscribers!!!!
  4. @Reallifeflorida: I got 100 subscribers so far in a month since I started my channel. 🙏
  5. @MDCRx: Poor Jevan 😂
  6. @TheOnepercentShift-r9e: Join me as we grow this account to 1K subs in a month
  7. @DivineStillnessWorship: don't worry guys, I promise your channel is going to grow soon and i will go with you! <3
  8. @Federiicco: Started YT three months ago, I didn’t tell friends and family about it and I’ve been posting consistently. I’m only at 29 subs but having 29 strangers that like and engage with my content is better than 100 friends who will always scroll past.
New creators, let’s keep going 😊🎉💪🏽
  9. @AiMoments_12: This guy is the best🎉
  10. @entercompany1984: Apes together strong 💪
  11. @EmperorPikachu2013: Small creators unite I reached the 1000 subscribers last July my problem has been getting the watch time hours to get monitized I know I can do it
  12. @Platform3two7: 14 years and still trying here 🤞🏻
  13. @S1mu5l-ww4bt: thanks bro
  14. @Woodenshoe-droning: Starting to get better but a long way to go.
  15. @KapeatMusika.24: I started my channel days ago. And I’m at 45 🥹
  16. @abyGetinspired: Good advice. Let’s grow together 😊
  17. @rors_vr: 1.steal a vid that does good then edit it better mmake a better thumbnail and also make the vid more intresting or fun
2.make clips from a long form then also link it to your short
3.make vids that connect with the vid a.k.a  make reletable/journy vids 
4.idk what to type here
5. tease the vid (i do that by placing a clip from the most intresting part of the vid)  and idk what to type here again
  18. @vanshlive_009: Mine has like 40k views but 80 subs i mean its shorts so it makes sense
  19. @NadoArchive: Im here to support all new YouTubers
  20. @KinderQuestRealm: This was really helpful 👌 I make videos for kids too.

- From 0 to 1,000 Subscribers in Just 9 Days… How I Did It: Kind: captions Language: en - The fastest way to get to 1,000 subscribers on YouTube right now is to post YouTube Shorts, and I have proof. But warning, it's really not as simple as that. There's actually a right way to do this and there is a wrong way to do it. For example, on a brand new channel that I started recently with zero subscribers, I posted a YouTube Short and you can see here in the first 28 days, it got 7,405 views. Not too bad. So, I decided to try this out again, and in the first 28 days of my second YouTube Short, it got 32.1 thousand views. Again, not too shabby. But I got an idea. I thought, I could do better than this. So on my third YouTube Short, I tried something completely different. And you can see, within the first hour of posting this Short, I got 76,000 views. And to-date, that Short has brought in over two million views and 6,600 subscribers. Now, if I just would've posted this kind of a Short on my YouTube channel on day one, you can see I would've hit 1,000 subscribers in nine days. Now, on this channel, it actually took me 28 days to get my first 1,000 subscribers, but I believe I can help you get there even faster. People know that YouTube Shorts are getting pushed by the algorithm right now, and so if you are posting YouTube Shorts, the chances are, you're probably getting a lot more views on your Shorts than your regular videos, especially if you're just a beginner. However, what a lot of people don't know is that Shorts actually convert more subscribers than long-form content does. And here's the proof. On this channel, I posted a regular video, and you can see that it took off and got a million views in the first 62 days. And if we crossed over to the subscribers, we can see that, in the first 62 days, it got 1,241 subscribers from those one million views. Now, on the YouTube Short, we can see that, in the first 19 days, it got a million views. And when it comes to subscribers, on that day 19 when it hit a million views, I got 3,910 new subscribers. That means that my Shorts are getting three times as many subscribers as my regular videos. Let me explain why the first two Shorts did not do as well as my third Short. You see, on the first two, I really didn't give it much thought. I actually used the clip method that you can do on your phone. And so, I didn't even have to edit these Shorts. I just pulled them from my long-form content, I clipped it into a Short, I tried to add some text, and picked the best moment from that video, and they did pretty well, but they ended up tapering off and not performing that well over time. Now, on my third viral YouTube Short, I decided to do something completely different. I decided that I was gonna spend the extra time to make a YouTube Short from scratch and upload it to YouTube. Now I spent a lot more time on the script and the edits, so this is gonna take a lot more time than just clipping something on your long-form video. However, it ended up being totally worth it. So let me share exactly what I did and how you can do this too. And if you want more free content like this, check out our YouTube challenge. It's absolutely free. It's five days long and we're gonna show you how to get your first 1,000 subscribers or your next 1,000 subscribers and also how to make money on YouTube. Click the link in the description or go to Tube1KChallenge.com. So here's how you can do this. The first step is alignment. You really wanna make sure that the Short you're going to make aligns with your channel's viewers. The reason for this is, YouTube is actually going to recommend this Short to the people who are already watching some of the videos on your channel. So you want those people to be interested in because this is the first pool of people who YouTube actually sees if they like your video and if they should send it to more people. And since my channel is about basketball and the NBA, I made sure that my YouTube Short was going to be about the NBA. Now, the second step you need to do is your research. You wanna start looking around in your niche at different Shorts that are going viral, that are getting a lot of views, and you wanna start to study them. Once you find some of these popular Shorts, you really want to write some stuff down, specifically writing down the themes of the edits or the pacing or the text, the music, how are they putting this all together, how long are these videos, and start to analyze the data for what's working in the niche. And I found that there was kind of a specific format that did really well within the basketball niche, and so I decided I was gonna take that same format and apply it to the video I wanted to make. Step three is to come up with ideas. Just like a regular long-form video, you really wanna be thinking about, what do the viewers wanna watch? And then from that, you an reverse engineer a video that would be interesting to a majority of the niche. Now, a major power tip here that is gonna help you get a ton of views is to use trend surfing. This is when you utilize, usually in your title and in your video, the most influential keywords, names, brands into your video. Now, once you have your idea, step four is scripting. For the script, you really want to be as concise as possible and leave no fluff in this script. Shorts are very quick and you wanna make sure that you are getting to the point and getting to the next point as soon as possible. Now, if you have a really long script or maybe you're wanting to take one of your long-form videos and condense that into a Short, what you can do is go to ChatGPT and take that long-form script and then ask it to summarize and shorten that script. Then you can use that for your Short. Step five is then to shoot your Short. And honestly, for Shorts, the gear really doesn't matter, but I like to think that audio matters more than video quality when it comes to the Shorts feed. And if you can, ideally, you'd move around and get different shots in different places throughout the video to kinda mix it up. Which leads me to step six, which is editing. Now, the goal here is you wanna aim for a high average view duration. Meaning, when someone starts watching your video, let's say it's a 60-second Short, which is the max duration you could do, you want them to watch all of it. Or maybe it's a shorter Short and it's 10 seconds long. You want them to watch that over and over again and kinda spike that average view duration. Now, I have a method that I use that is gonna help you guys as well, and this is called the loop method. Now, you've probably seen this before when you're watching a video and the ending actually synchronizes with the beginning. Now, if you're going to do this, you really need to start thinking back during the scripting phase, because the beginning of that script is going to have a sentence where the video starts off on the second half of that sentence, and the video ends with the first half of that sentence. And that's how it's able to kind of mesh together perfectly. Now, as far as the length that I was shooting for, I was going for a longer Short. Anywhere from 40 to 60 seconds is what I was aiming for with really the goal of keeping them entertained for as long as possible. Now, when editing, if you feel like you're kinda stretching stuff out to make it longer just for the sake of making it longer, don't do this. It's better to actually keep it shorter. At the end of my video, it ended up being 45 seconds long with the average view duration being 41 seconds. And in the analytics right here, you can see that at the zero-second mark, it's actually 186 people still watching. That means that there are people who watched the very end of it and then they watched the beginning again. And so that's why it's actually above 100%. Now that you have your Short edited and you posted it on YouTube, here's the ultimate hack that a lot of people don't think of. And that is to post long-form content. Let me explain. The YouTube algorithm right now really is trying to push Shorts, and it's trying to find the right Shorts for the right audience. If you watch a new creator, let's say, and you watch one video and maybe two videos, even if you don't subscribe, what you'll notice is you'll start to see that creator's Shorts on your Shorts feed. So what I've learned is that when people actually find your long-form videos, your Shorts are gonna get boosted to those people who like your long-form content. Now in order to do this step, you need traffic coming in to your long-form content so that it can also spike your Shorts views as well. And there's actually a formula to do this that we call the perfect video recipe. And this is the same exact formula that I use to get hundreds of thousands of views on a brand new channel and even a million views on one video. And you can click on the screen to watch the full masterclass where I break down exactly how to do this for your own videos.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ThinkMediaTV [405 likes]: 🔥 Check out our FREE CLASS on 3 Secrets for Growing Your YouTube Channel in 2025 here!: http://ThinkMasterclass.com
  2. @Tayopodcast [2 likes]: Small content creators teamwork
  3. @ThENuGGieZZZ [1 likes]: Never give up
  4. @TeamSalishsClub [1 likes]: Are my videos good?
  5. @LaurentiuuFishing [1 likes]: Who is small creator?
  6. @Padmamajjivibesofficial-k5d [1 likes]: I pray that every small YouTube creator becomes a successful big creator in the future. Thank you to everyone who is watching my message, and may God bless you all.
  7. @gohan9657: Need followers 318
  8. @MetaGuide7: I just wanted to say thank you for all the tips and advice you’ve shared over the past months. Your videos genuinely helped me stay consistent and keep improving instead of giving up early.

A month ago, reaching even 100 subscribers felt impossible. Today, after one month of consistent work, I’m just a hair away from my first 500 subscribers. That might sound small to big creators, but for small channels starting from zero, it feels huge.

To anyone reading this who feels like the mountain is too high to climb: keep going. Stay consistent, improve one video at a time, and don’t quit too early. If I could get this far, you absolutely can too.

Seriously, thank you again for the motivation and guidance. It means more than you probably realize.
  9. @New-i2-q8: I really hope to get my 1k soon 😢
  10. @THECELEBRITY007: GREAT JOB
  11. @simmplelife: I hope we all get to meet our target one day. Sending best wishes from my small channel to yours. ❤
  12. @JoshuaLigod: I'm a mobile user
  13. @RealTraptonExedes: Hopefully every new YouTube channel makes it to 1k
  14. @vaniyedolll: I’ll come back to this video if I get over 1k
  15. @PercivalOpperman: Hope we all make it
  16. @stick-brother-620: 3:33
  17. @stick-brother-620: 1:58 1:59
  18. @AlphaBeastMindset-p6w: Ameging
  19. @make_food_with_Edi: I am stuck on 71 subscribers
  20. @BrhanMedia2: Small channels let’s do team work 😊

- 3 Boring But EASIEST steps to get 1,000 YouTube Subscribers: Kind: captions Language: en-US Late to the party? We do this every week, click the link and it'll show the next one

  Top Comments:
  1. @ShaneHummus [586 likes]: 🔴 ONE-TIME YOUTUBE LIVE TRAINING THIS WEEK: 👉 https://go.thecontentgrowthengine.com/livedes-09-06-2025
🚀 Apply For 1:1 YouTube Coaching: 👉 https://go.thecontentgrowthengine.com/yt-09-06-2025
  2. @Calmoraofficial-r8q [1 likes]: I don’t get any views so unfortunately I can’t evaluate my videos 😢
  3. @Horizon0105 [1 likes]: Help me new
  4. @Mattthecat16 [1 likes]: Well I have 72k views and I have 85 subs
  5. @sumittopre7359 [1 likes]: I am New Creator of 2026
  6. @Mr38YT [1 likes]: so um i got 0
  7. @ASMRNIA-e4i: ASMRtist here SMALL CHANNEL ❤❤❤❤ KINDLY SUPPORT 💗
  8. @ProjectResurrection_PR: I’ve recently started YouTube documenting my journey too.
  9. @DaltonDoesNumbers: 48subs right now
  10. @Lumi-Offi: May we all grow in a way that we can all be proud of ourselves. ✨
  11. @kirsty_es: Hello! I’m new on YouTube 🎉
  12. @OfficialCrystalBallPicks: Gotta give this a shot…I’ve just been posted shorts whenever I feel like it lol…didn’t realize there was a science to it! Thanks for the info!
  13. @BurangaScolar-u6z: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC7JOnWsUQBlM46KJN4Dp4CQ
  14. @IceHorrorWalkthroughs: Thank you ❤❤🩸
  15. @Vyken-music: Start about 04:00
  16. @Kaera_rh: my first video got 4 views I wonder how that is even possible?
  17. @ObanaiRanks: Shorts is probably the easiest way to do this. Took me about 30 days
  18. @Becoming_Human_Again: People no longer want curated, edited, 'perfect' videos. People want authenticity. People want to feel connected to the narrator.
  19. @apekshaah-f5r: https://youtube.com/@appu-s-cooking-channel?si=1jRlTh2P5RaJ3Phw
  20. @MrPenguinMc_10: Can anyone support my Minecraft content? They're really good and I have made some tutorial farms like  raid farms and cobblestone farm.

- The Importance of An Upload Schedule! Should You Have An Upload Schedule? (Advice): Kind: captions Language: en [Music] Hello guys, Stephen here back with another video and today I'm going to be talking about the importance of a upload schedule and how much you should upload and how many times should you upload per week, per month and all that stuff. And it's kind of ironic because I already missed my upload date that the day I am supposed to upload. I was supposed to upload every 3 days but I forgot yesterday. So that's why I'm making this video today and I might not even get it up today. So yeah. Okay. So let me just talk about for me personally. I post every 3 days. I just said that like a few seconds ago. I post every 3 days. And the reason why I do that is because first of all, I don't have that much time. I would post daily if I did have the time and I didn't have school and all the all that stuff interfering with me. And so I can like spread out my uploads so I can do it like every 3 days and so I wouldn't have to, you know, work on it every single day. Also, I find that people who spread out their uploads, you usually get a lot more views because people have time to watch them instead of, you know, if you upload daily, people will only watch like one or two of them and will, you know, won't want to watch all of them if they miss on they miss one of your videos. If you post every 3 days like I do, they can easily catch up because not a lot of videos are out. So, let me just talk about the upload schedule. Is it important? And should you have a upload schedule? So, personally, I think you should have upload schedule, but it shouldn't be that strict. You should be able to be flexible with it. You know, it isn't a job. YouTube isn't a job unless you're really rich and you're really, you know, have a lot of subscribers and stuff, but like me and a lot of you out there, most of you, I mean, all of you out there who watching this don't have a big channel or don't even have a channel at all. And so, that's why you shouldn't treat it as a job because it isn't a job until you get a lot of subscribers. So, if you miss a upload one day, you know, supposed to post like every two days and you miss one day, that's all right because it isn't a job. Just post it the next day. Just make sure you have a range, you know, post it like Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, and then post it Thursday, Friday, Saturday. like post if you want to post twice a week just make sure it is in with like within 2 days of you know when you want it to go out. So if you miss Tuesday you're supposed to upload on Tuesday and Thursday let's take that for example and you miss Tuesday and you miss Wednesday just make sure to post it by Thursday just make sure it's 2 days after max. If you miss Tuesday you have a chance on Wednesday and Thursday to catch up and upload. Also, I tend to find that people with upload schedules are more organized and get more views and overall just have a better channel because they're more like organized and they know what they're doing and then they don't have to worry if they misupload or something like that because they already uploaded up something. And channels who actually have upload schedule, they usually don't quit because of the reason that it is kind of like a routine for them. So, they never really forget to upload unless you're me and it kind of becomes part of their life. like you come home, you make a video on Mondays and on Thursday you do it the same thing and you just you make it like a routine kind of and it it is a hobby. It isn't a job. Make sure you know understand that it is not a job. So you don't have to be really strict about your upload schedule. Just make sure you upload around know certain time range. And since most of you out there want to know how much times I should upload per week, per month or whatever, I recommend at least posting twice a week if you're starting out on YouTube. Quality is much more important than quantity when starting out just because whoever you know comes across your channel. If you have a lot of lowquality videos, they will not subscribe. If you have a lot of highquality videos, but you don't have a lot of them, they'll still subscribe just because they're high quality. Two should be minimum. Like, if you want to grow on YouTube, you got to make a lot of videos, but make sure they're, you know, decent or like high quality and stuff. The reason I say two is, you know, good is because people know when to come back to watch your videos and they'll know that, you know, on Tuesday and Thursday you'll post a video. Even some big YouTubers only post like once a month or like twice a week or something like that. It isn't really It depends on what channel you have. You know, if you have a gaming channel, you make commentaries, you should be doing it frequently because a lot of people, you know, want to look back at that. So, if you had a film channel and you make films, you know, it's understandable that you make one once a month because of, you know, how how much you have to work on it, how much you edit. So, yeah, that's my little talk about, you know, how important a upload schedule is. It is really important. It helps you stay consistent. and it helps you, you know, stay motivated on YouTube and helps you just never quit YouTube. Like because I have upload schedule, I never ever thought of leaving YouTube or like never like quitting YouTube. And yeah, hopefully this video kind of helped you guys. I really want to help you guys more. So if you have any suggestions or commentary, tutorial, whatever questions on YouTube in general, just leave them in the comment section. My name is Stea and we'll see you in the next

  Top Comments:
  1. @yuu5974 [1 likes]: You don’t have to be really rich and have a lot of subscribers to say that youtube is a job. Just wrong.
  2. @GLegend [1 likes]: Even though I'm a small YouTuber and barely make any money at all, I still treat it like a real job because then the little fans I do have will stop taking me seriously.  What do you think?
  3. @delan_lan [1 likes]: could I use this thumbnail and give you credit?
  4. @krishnashenoy2802 [1 likes]: OMG STEVEN IM UR #1 FANN PLS SUB TO MY CHANNEL I POST MINECRAFT LET'S PLAYS!!!! UR THE BEST MAN I LOVE YOUR CHANNEL!!!<3<3<3<3<3
  5. @noxiouskiller9760 [1 likes]: Steven, I have a tiny request... A good friend of mine has a youtube channel and needs a good profile picture background to add text on it... Can you tell me please what is the background you used or at least tell me on what kind of app/website I can find such backgrounds to send them to my friend? Thanks :D
  6. @AdibBIqbal [1 likes]: how you maded your youtube cover
  7. @Italya3343 [1 likes]: thanks for sharing with us Steven..
  8. @velocityhd6118 [1 likes]: I got a youtube idea for you. It's kinda like a challenge but on photoshop
  9. @RaginTempestMC [1 likes]: What mic do you use bro?
  10. @orionschmok1543 [1 likes]: How do u make the letters in your intro change like that?
  11. @androidtt4743 [1 likes]: Love your videos bro! I'm definitely gonna spread out my uploads and make a schedule now, thanks!
  12. @iTechVideos [1 likes]: are u active on ur business email?
  13. @MakMakings [1 likes]: Can you make a vid on editing softwares
  14. @thefunkyrida5082: HaHa!! Your the man!! Thanks Steven!!
  15. @Daxuwu: How Do You Make The Transition On The Text On Your Videos?
  16. @chis6462: Can you Give me any tips?
  17. @aapache1381: when is the next sv spotlight out cuz a lot of pple are waitin lol
  18. @OJ.17: I know spamming isn't the best way of growing. But I've tried all the tips from YouTubers such as Ziovo and I'm just not growing! 
I currently have 52 subscribers and I'm 13 years, a lot of people in my class have a large amount of subscribers, which aren't edited unlike mine. 
I make gaming funny moments, commentaries and the occasional montage!
You can contact me through my E-mail - greygamer254@gmail.com (I know gr8 name) 
Thank you for my time and feedback on my videos is much appreciated <3
  19. @notdarence579: HELP Photoshop says my scratch disk are full! What do I do?
  20. @awesome8326: Show me how to make an intro like yours plz

- The importance of an upload schedule for YouTube: Kind: captions Language: en I personally think it is super important to have an upload schedule for your channel it helps with consistency with audience retention and with subscriber growth I'm going to tell you all about how i created my upload schedule in this video hi everyone my name is Paul Thompson and I'm here to walk you through my journey of creating a YouTube channel while sharing some cool stories along the way right so let's get stuck into it for today I looked at the frequency of how often to post now there were a lot of channels that post daily that post multiple times a day that post once a week they might post once a month it doesn't matter so much what the frequency is more so matters that you have consistency there as part of your uploading process for your channel I don't have a specific time of day that I choose to upload but i do have days that i have decided on and they are tuesday and friday every week i'll upload a video on those days i knew i had to come up with a frequency of posting that would match my timetable i work full time so i don't have that much time to spare in creating a daily vlog that just wouldn't happen so i needed to come up with a great balance of how much time i could commit to for my posting schedule two days was it i decided that the two days i would post would both have different types of content on those days on one day it would be all about this youtube channel and my experiment of launching their channel and documenting the process along the way on the friday on my second day it would just be a vlog and opportunity for me to share cool stories and more about what i like to do i personally think that having an upload schedule is really important for no better reason than just consistency there is nothing like starting out on a new project getting halfway there and dropping off because you've given up or it gets too hard by setting out and having a posting schedule i know that every week i'm committing to posting two videos and i have to get them done on those days it works perfectly for my personality because I can't make any excuses up I cannot change my posting schedule just because I like I need to work effectively so that I can meet those deadlines the other positive about having that consistent approach is that I'm always taking over with ideas in my head and jotting them down in my phone I know there's a video coming up I know I have to create content so therefore it's always playing in the back of my mind and I take notes throughout my day when I come up with new ideas or things that I want to share on the channel the other thing that I think it might help with is audience retention essentially with a YouTube channel my aim is to grow an audience is to get people engaged in my content and want them to come back and watch more I suppose that is the whole idea of making and producing content I want an audience there to consume that content having a schedule might just get that audience to be a little bit more inclined to follow along with the channel if they know there's content coming up they're probably going to keep an eye out for it that's my hope anyway the third reason why I think it is really really important is for subscriber growth if you have a channel that is producing content consistently and it is of a high quality then you are probably more likely to gain subscribers now my whole objective here in this experiment of launching the channel is to get to 100 subscribers my hope is that having that consistency in my posting schedule or upload schedule will help to gather traction and get more people to want to subscribe to my content as they know that there is going to be more content coming out in the next few days I'll let you know how that goes i'm still experimenting with this i have no idea if it will actually work or not but it's looking pretty successful so far i'd love to hear from you if you have a channel that you think has an awesome upload schedule i'm looking to gather some ideas about how I can improve my process so if they come to mind drop them down in the comments below I'd love to check it out as always you can reach out to me anytime in the comments or on any of my socials I will get back to each and every one of you I appreciate you watching along with the video can't wait to see you again soon bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @Cassandtevo [1 likes]: I love the way you say "schedule" :-) hi from Canada 🤗
  2. @mareemclaughlin1869 [1 likes]: Consistency is key for everything in life!

- 14 things you MUST do after uploading a YouTube video: Kind: captions Language: en if you're serious about growing on YouTube what you do straight after uploading a video is just as important as a video itself now most small YouTubers make the same mistake after uploading every video they don't do anything they hit publish they maybe share the video once and then they just hope for the best but that's why so many new videos fail there's a reason these four videos got over 3 million views between them and that's because I have a winning upload strategy so in this video I'm breaking down the exact steps I take after every upload to make sure all of my videos actually get views I'm going to run through my personal upload process first then I'm going to give you a couple of extra tips afterwards that will help boost your overall Channel growth so make sure you don't skip any because there's going to be some things in here that I guarantee you haven't heard of before okay then first up I want to talk about your video file name now this little thing here has been the center of debate for a long time now some people love it but other people dismiss it as completely useless now personally I think it's a great little way of getting in some really good keywords for your SEO now what me and a lot of top YouTubers tend to do is they name the file name the exact same of what the title is going to be for the video or at least as closely as possible as you can see here you can literally see the entire file name which means its data is being stored and used by YouTube if you couldn't see it here I'd say yeah fair enough maybe it is useless but the fact it literally is right there shows to me that it's being used and analyzed by YouTube so it might have an impact even if that impact is really small so what you need to do is make sure when you save your video from cat cut or Premier Pro or whatever video editing software you use just make sure the file name matches your title then of course the next thing you need to concentrate on is obviously the title now I'm not going to beat you around the bush here guys your title and thumbnail are the most important things about your new video especially if you're a new or a small YouTuber because if you don't really have an audience yet the only way people will click on your videos is if your title and thumbnails are good enough so these are really important now your title needs to entice people in and make them curious enough to want to click on the video and watch it it also needs to accurately depict what's going to be covered in the video like you only clicked on this video here because I promis to give you information based on things you should do after uploading a video that's literally why you clicked my title and for example all of these videos here include an important key word and basically explain what the video is going to be about shorts Vandy Barrett train algorithm and bullet train which is exactly what they're all about so when you create your title you always need to include a descriptive keyword both for SEO and just to accurately describe what your video is going to be about that's a reason why all of these four videos here did so well so if you copy the strategy yours will too I promise you so once you've smashed your title out the park it's time to concentrate on the description and there's actually really quite a lot to unpack here so please do listen up now your description is literally an absolute gold mine for helping the algorithm push your videos out so here's how I always do it for each and every video I post I basically use the transcript for each video which is pretty much just a breakdown of every word said I always have this copied into a Word document from there I open a chat gbt and then I paste it here and I basically asked chat gbt to write a fully optimized description for me here this is my last one I wrote here is the script for my latest YouTube video titled how to include SEO to make any video go viral I want you to please write me a one paragraph description for this video that is fully optimized for SEO I'm targeting new and small YouTubers who are looking to grow their channels who aren't getting many views yet these people are not yet aware of what SEO is or how it can help so this is basically exactly what I included on my video I tried to give chat gbt as much information as possible about the actual video and of course my viewers too and then it gave me this fully optimized description here that was full of key words and 100% related to the actual video having descriptions like this will boost your views trust me just give it a go now before we move on to the next section I'm going to quickly ask for those of you who aren't yet subscribed to me but are still watching my videos it's taken me 4 months to hit over 51,000 subscribers and I'm trying to hit 60,000 subscribers in the next 2 weeks so if you're enjoying this expert content I'm giving you out for free please hit that subscribe button because it really will help me a lot also I'm launching my new YouTube wealth Academy in March it's going to be the best YouTube Academy out there for 2025 and I will teach you everything from how to gain your first 100,000 subscribers how to make money without even being monetized and much much more so if you want to take your channel to the next level and earn some really good online become a founding member of my Academy just click on the d The Creator Link in the description down below and for those of you who are watching this video in the future in March or anytime after that the academy will already have been released so click on the link and grab yourself a huge discount and join one of the biggest communities out there in 2025 okay then so once you've got chat gbt to write you a killer description you then need to add your links hashtags and other supporting content so let's just unpack this all separately so links you always need to include as many links as necessary in your description these should be links to your other content and links to stuff you mentioned in your video like I literally just said you should click on the link in the description to join my Academy so I always need to make sure that link is included in the description but one extra way to boost your watch time and your views is by having links to your other content in the description but not just any links these need to be deep links but what exactly do I mean by Deep links well I want you to pay close attention to what you see on the right hand side of images I'm about to show you as you can see in example one when a viewer watches a video on the right hand side you can just see other random videos from other creators that means as soon as your viewer is done watching your video they're probably going to be looking at the right hand side there for a new video to click on to and once they've clicked on one of these videos here you've lost them for good that viewer has now gone somewhere else and they're probably not going to come back however here in example too you can see that the video suggestions on the right hand side are now all of my own videos so this means that the viewer can now only see my video suggested here so once they finish watching this video or get bored and want something else they're much more likely to click on to another one of my videos here and start watching that so let's say even just 30% of your viewers do this that's a huge amount of new watch time you're getting instead of having them just click off onto someone else's videos and losing them for good now you can do this by creating playlists listing all of your videos in that playlist that's what this is here it's just a load of videos I've included in a single playlist now obviously playlists don't just appear on the home feed when someone first loads up the YouTube app so you actually have to actively nudge your viewers into a playlist now I personally do this by using a call to action in my videos and descriptions I literally just tell my viewers to click on the playlist link below in the description if they want access to all of my content on how to grow their YouTube channels and it works a treat the best way to do this is to copy the URL of a video from the playlist or just the playlist link itself so as you can see here if I click into this playlist I can either copy the playlist URL or I can look over here to the right choose on a specific video click on the three dots and then just copy this URL link so now when a viewer clicks on this link from the description they will automatically be taken to the playlist okay that's links covered and the last thing you need to do in your description is add hashtags now for me personally I always add anywhere from 3 to five hashtags some people do up to 60 which is the limit given to you by YouTube but I personally just like to add around 3 to five especially because only three appear here now hashtags these obviously change per every video you make as they should accurately relate to each specific video but for me I personally always just include some keywords and Search terms in there that are as closely related to my video title as possible so when you guys do yours always make sure you use keywords related to your video then of course course we have our YouTube thumbnails along with your titles the thumbnail is the most important step of your YouTube video your thumbnail basically decides whether or not people are going to click on your video and watch it if you're a new channel and you have really poor thumbnails nobody is going to want to click on your video and watch it now I always create three different thumbnails and the algorithm will test all three and pick the best one for me so I would suggest if you guys have enough time to be able to do that definitely create three now when you do create a thumbnail it needs to invoke curiosity and stand out enough for people to want to click on it thumbnail design is a whole different ball game and I know a lot of people struggle with it but for thumbnail inspiration I always use a tool called one of 10 because I know that coming up with thumbnail ideas can be really difficult but this new AI tool makes it so much easier now one of 10 basically picks out all of the viral videos on YouTube gives you a ton of information about them so whenever I'm stuck with the thumbnail ideas I'll log in here and in the search bar I'm basically going to search for videos that are similar to one I'm going to create so let's say I'm going to make a video about barley travel I'll type in barley here and I'll look at all of these thumbnails from viral videos I'm then going to use these as inspiration for my next video because I know that these videos have performed really well so if I can use these as inspiration hopefully it means the thumbnail I create will also work really well you can literally use this for any Niche whatsoever even something like crypto if you wanted to okay then so that is thumbnails done as we scroll down here of course you always need to add your new video to a relevant playlist select not for kids and don't restrict my videos select no for altered content and I always make sure to uncheck these because I add my own timestamps so I don't really want YouTube to try and guess and they add their own for me and then we have taxs again these are also the center of debate when it comes to how important they are some YouTubers argue that they don't make a difference but personally if there's still an option here then they must do something even even if it's only the slightest bit of difference now a really quick and easy way of generating tags is by using a free tags generator just like this just put in your title and it's going to generate loads of SEO heavy tags for you just copy them from here into your tag box and then voila all done for you it's as simple as that now we are going to touch on subtitles but not yet that's going to be done afterwards now I personally don't ever really touch cards because I don't really think they work that well but I will always add an end screen here now I use used to choose this one here which suggests two different videos to the viewers but I've read everywhere that giving people too much Choice often actually hurts your chances of getting them to click so now I always just click this one here which is best for the viewer now all this is is basically it suggests a new video to the viewer when they come to the end of a video like this it's super useful for boosting views and watch time so you always need to include an end screen guys and always just pick best for the viewer then once you've done all that I would recommend commend under visibility here that you select private or unlisted before it goes live you should always let it sit for anywhere between 2 to 24 hours before letting it alive so this gives YouTube and the algorithm enough time to gather enough data as possible about the video before it goes live now this way all the checks are done and when it finally goes live the algorithm should know exactly who to push it out to as it's gathered all of that information about the video it should give it enough data to push it out to the Right audience first time so I always personally give mine anywhere from 2 to 24 hours just before I click live so after that once it's actually uploaded and it's out there you're also now going to want to add subtitles for different languages because having subtitles in different languages will help foreign viewers to watch and enjoy your video and they're much more likely to come back and watch more of your content if they can understand you so all you need to do once you've ater the video is go into it click on subtitles down here click on this one that says automatic captions and these are basically the captions that YouTube has automatically transcribed from your video it's all done for you by the algorithm but this does mean it can often make mistakes so just give it a quick read and make sure there's no like misspelled words or anything in there once you're happy then click publish once that's published you can then go down here and click on ADD language and you have all of these to choose from so make sure to always choose languages like Hindi for Indians Indonesian Filipino or whatever country you have that watches your channel click into one and then click on the pencil under subtitles click on autot translate and then click publish then you literally have brand new subtitles for a brand new language all for free and it will help massively in retaining those foreign viewers who want to watch your video but can't really understand your English okay then so once you've done all of that and the video is finally uploaded and posted out for everyone to see the second it goes live I need you to rewatch it now firstly if you haven't yet I need you to set up a second YouTube account and this is going to be your support account every YouTuber has this and it's basically used to give yourself some extra views and watch time so once a video is uploaded on your main Channel open up your second Channel go in and watch it straight away let it play out in full and of course make sure to give it a like and drop a comment on it too this is just a little bit of fully legal engagement boosting for you it helps get your content off the ground within the first 24 hours so if you're struggling for views I would also suggest loading up on a separate web browser on your laptop or computer where you aren't actually logged into any channel and just watch your video as well as this will also count as a view and help bump up your watch time now make sure whenever you do this that you always watch it until the end this will help your average view duration too the next really simple trick you might have heard of but you might have not have this is where you can link your shorts to your long form videos this is a great little way of getting that extra boost for your video now it's no secret that shorts can bring in massive amounts of views and YouTube has recently enabled creators to link their shorts a long for videos but I still see so many beginners forget to do this so whenever you post a new video I want you to go in and Link that new video to all of your shorts on my travel channel I would always go in with every new Vlog I posted i' go through all of my shorts and Link this new Vlog into them so when someone watches one of my shorts my new video will be listed there and it will always be offered to viewers to click on if they want see more now obviously it won't bring in millions of views but it's just a really simple way of cross-promoting your long videos and your shorts and quickly getting a lot of exposure for them now if you don't know how to do this just go into your sh on YouTube Studio click over here on related and then select your most recent upload so make sure to link every new video you post to all of your shorts it would definitely help just getting you the extra few views now on the topic of shorts if you're not yet creating shorts you're potentially missing out on a ton of new viewers it's well documented now that shorts have the ability to bring in huge amounts of views all of the biggest creators on Youtube upload clips daily and the latest AI tool behind it all is Nexus clips now it's a new AI tool that basically analyzes your videos picks the best segments out and then creates up to five viral shorts from a single video it's able to effortly repurpose horizontal videos into vertical videos that you could instantly upload a shorts it also has a facial recognition and it can even add animated subtitles automatically I use this tool for all of my travel channel shorts and I got millions of views doing so okay then finally once your video has been uploaded for a while I would suggest you go through and respond to every single comment you get good or bad especially if you're a small YouTuber now for me I get thousands of comments per video so it's quite literally impossible for me to go through and respond to every single one but I do try my best but for those of you who only get a few comments per video you need to make sure you reply to each and every one of them and when you do just try to spark as much conversation as possible so everyone chips in and comments the more comments the more engagement and that's a good sign for the algorithm so that's it guys thank you very much for watching this video I hope you enjoyed this episode and I hope you learned something useful don't forget to sign up to my YouTube wealth Academy with the link below you'll receive a huge discount I go over so much in that course and I promise you you'll love it thanks for watching guys I hope you enjoyed it and I'll see you in the next one goodbye

  Top Comments:
  1. @danthecreatr [787 likes]: Want me to help you grow your channel? Join here: https://www.ytwealthacademy.org
👉 You'll love this next video, watch it here: https://youtu.be/ePJOMYQR_ck
  2. @SanatanaShoda03 [1 likes]: Just got started with my channel and i am really lucky to be with you guys..!! Lets all get monetised by this year end..all the best...
  3. @Ishikagoyat [1 likes]: Very helpful video, mate!❤
  4. @chadglick7664 [1 likes]: ChadGlick content is favorable….check it out
  5. @SamiraMsh-b2m: New here on YT🤞🏻
  6. @MistaBongaa: Any small creators watching right now let's interact❤
  7. @DJChameleon87: This was such an excellent step by step walk through for everything I needed to do after I had finished recording and editing my first serious video upload and had my first Thumbnail and Title already created.  I was on the YouTube upload page knowing from past videos i had watched that there was so many important things that I needed to do before hitting publish but I couldn't for the life of me remember it all since I have been watching YouTube Creator tutorials for a few months and recording and editing videos for the last month before I finally had recorded and edited a video that finally felt at least good enough to be a debut video.

Thanks for taking away the stress and walking me though all the way to hitting the publish button and then what to do immediately thereafter.

At the risk of self-promotion, here is the link to the video that is still unlisted as I am following the guidance to wait a couple hours before publishing.

https://youtu.be/qWdD0sOWS9Q
  8. @legallyblinddesign9529: i know this video is over a year old but i'm confused on the linking  your shorts to  your long form content .. I want to make sure i understand .. when I make long form content  i'm taking a short clip from that video and uploading it to shorts then linking the long form video  ( or play list  if its a series)  within that short ?
  9. @khrismamcmurray9695: With the waiting to publish suggestion, does that also include scheduled posts? If i upload a video a week in advance is youtube still getting that data to push it forward or only if its listed as private or unlisted?
  10. @huwalban: Quick question if I may on the subject of file names? For videos that are already public, is there any point in deleting and re-uploading with a new file name? Thank you
  11. @veritevivante: Hi !
I don't see it  . I can not  sign it
  12. @Justmetal73: Expert, ya right, common sense, everyone learns on their own
  13. @Wanlabbwanfam: Thanks 😊
  14. @zvaghningaming: Yeah guys.. We can do it🎉
  15. @gerdfriendlykitchen: Good luck to all new channels who are sharing worthy and good information that serve other people and help them to achieve their good goals🎉
  16. @FrecuenciaDopamina: Gracias
  17. @askhan5112: best credit cards for beginners
  18. @Mrs.DeagleDeagle: Thanks Dan, helpful tips! I started a niche gaming channel about 30 days ago just prerecorded/edited Titanfall 2 clips - using the just the EVA-8 shotgun as I've been using it strictly for the past 12 years. I have issues because part of my niche is I have an ultrawide monitor so i record in 32:9 to stand out from the 9:16 - so this makes the video look wide and skinny but much better resolution. This I think has shock factor for most used to seeing 9:16, but I'm sticking to my guns on this one. The slog to get my subs up is real, granted the channel is new, but these tips are useful. Thanks again, and good luck everyone! Wish y'all the best!
  19. @supremefootballhub8237: Subscribed today.
  20. @LaSirenitaLaurita: I will say, I will never use ai, and chatgpt. I am against the use of these two.

- IMPORTANT ANNOUNCEMENT | WILL AFFECT UPLOAD SCHEDULE [LIFE UPDATE]: Kind: captions Language: en Some important updates regarding Wimp Witch and the future of the project. As many of you know, Wimp Witch does contain nudity and NSFW material in certain chapters. Because of YouTube's guidelines, we're eventually going to have to heavily censor those scenes in the comic dubs and videos uploaded there. Because of that, the fully uncensored versions of those chapters will be available on Kofi. I also want to be transparent about something personal that may affect the project and upload schedule moving forward. For a while now, my boyfriend has been pay for the editing software I use to make these videos as high quality as possible. He's been supporting both me and the project financially for a long time, but right now he's in a really rough financial situation and unfortunately can't continue carrying those expenses anymore. Because of that, I'll be moving back in with my parents within the next few months while I try to stabilize things. I normally don't talk much about my personal life publicly, but since this will likely affect upload speed and production, I felt it was important to explain what's going on instead of disappearing or pretending everything is fine. Kofi support will help me continue paying for the editing software I rely on for the project, CapCut Pro, which is around $10 a month, as well as helping me afford basic things like food while I continue working on the comic and dubs. The project is not cancelled, not even close. I still care deeply about Wimp Witch and fully intend to continue it. Things may just move slower at times while I work through real life circumstances. Thank you to everyone who supported the comic, the dubs, the music, the auditions, and everything else surrounding this weird little world. It genuinely means more than you probably realize.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Ghosty-999 [3 likes]: I hope you'll be Okay moving back into your parents house😔

- (IMPORTANT) Upload Schedule: Kind: captions Language: en okay guys and the thing you see up screen right now is our upload schedule so if you want to follow it you can it has me Linda Boyd Phoenix and fate so if you want to watch a certain member then you can just remember those are all over upload schedule so be ready to watch on those dates

- The MILLIONAIRE MORNING ROUTINE - Success Habits Of Highly Effective People | Lewis Howes: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] every day without exceptional my alarm clock goes off at 6:15 a.m. even though the thought of sleeping until noon temps me I still manage to force myself out of bed even though I'm not alert and happy to be awake the second I open my eyes I still through it even though I just woke up I know that one of the most important parts of my day starts I make my bed it might seem trivial but it's more important than you think it's not just about making your bed it's about instilling order into your life it's about accomplishing something right away your bed is your resting place and if it's messy your life will be messy after making my bed I'm exercise I'm taking care of your body is the most important ingredient for daily success when you don't exercise you aren't giving your body the energy and the clarity it means there is no greater failure than being rich with money but poor in health there's no point in having money or success when you don't have the energy to use it for good finally we must set our intention for what we want to happen this day because if you don't plan for success then it might not ever don't be afraid to take hold of the reins of your life and steer yourself on to the track that you want to be on don't be afraid to make today most of us wake up and hit the snooze button we open our eyes pick up our phones and check social media we check our emails wondering what our boss has to say before we even think about ourselves we rush we rush to get ready to shower and to not be late for work we try to keep up with everyone else but keeping up with everyone else is only possible when you are all running the same path stop trying to get there first because you shouldn't be a part of someone else's race you should be spending your time and energy on paving your own way no matter how long it might take you if you want to take control of your life start by being in control the moment you wake up because the greatest crime we can commit is going to bed without a dream and waking up without a purpose

  Top Comments:
  1. @iampaulwadsworth [94 likes]: Great video Lewis. Morning routines are so powerful. Without them, people react to external circumstances and never start off on the right foot, which makes it hard to make big strides for a happy and fulfilling life.  I 100% agree with what you say. Thanks for sharing your insights.
  2. @oksmaiman8261: Make bed after work out let it dry
  3. @Edgar-t7j2t: This was super helpful, appreciate your work!
  4. @insafsifat: This was very calming.
  5. @Uhfyuhdd: So well explained, thank you.
  6. @Deborah-k4c7t: Such a useful video to have.
  7. @ResanAkter: Very professional and well explained.
  8. @Gjhh-w2c: This video was well worth the watch.
  9. @WrtdgKchjj: This helped me understand the topic better.
  10. @FugvCgv: This helped me a lot.
  11. @DydhdhvChdjjdh: I enjoyed the clarity of this video.
  12. @TimothyChism-n8g: Really well presented.
  13. @MikeLewsader: The presentation was excellent.
  14. @edmundodoughman3692: Loved the energy in this video.
  15. @CalistaAlora-s7q: A clear and effective explanation.
  16. @FyfgGcv: Good breakdown of the topic.
  17. @JolusibMikysu: So glad you uploaded this.
  18. @BogusDupree: Perfectly explained without any confusion.
  19. @LillianChurchillseez: Simple and effective explanation.
  20. @ABIRHASAN-v3y: One of the clearest explanations I’ve seen.

- Daily Habits of Successful People | Brian Tracy: Kind: captions Language: en Hello, I'm Brian Tracy and I'm always being asked what are the habits of successful people? What is it that successful people do habitually every single day that leads to them being in the top 20% of money earners in our society? Well, Aristotle said that 95% of everything you do is the result of habit. So the rule is form good habits and make them your masters rather than allowing bad habits to form. In fact the other rule says this is that good habits are hard to form but easy to live with. Bad habits are easy to form but hard to live with. Now one of the turning points in my life and my studies of psychology was the discovery that all habits are learned and can be unlearned. Actually, you don't actually unlearn a habit. You simply replace a bad habit with a good habit that has more powerful power and impact. And how do you develop a good habit? You develop a habit by repetition. Almost everything you do from the time you get up in the morning is habit. So, start to think about yourself what would be the best habits to have. Now, I have written a book called Million-Dollar Habits. It has 12 chapters, 12 critical areas of life. And in each chapter, there's 20 or 30 habits. So, let me give you some of the best. Number one, develop the habit of daily goal setting and goal orientation. What does this mean? Is when you go to sleep at night, think about your goals for the coming day. Make a list for each day of all the goals, the little goals you're going to accomplish that day. Keep a journal and write down your goals on a regular basis. When you're driving through the day, think about your goals. When you're talking to other people, think about your goals. You see, you do become what you think about most of the time. You do achieve what you think about most of the time. So, all successful people and all wealthy people think about their goals most of the time. Second of all, be resultsoriented. Now, resultsoriented people are always thinking of the most important things that they can do right now to achieve their most important results. Successful people make a list of everything they have to do and before they start working, they set priorities on the list. Here's a great way to become resultoriented. Actually, it's life-changing. Ask yourself once you have your list for the day, if I could only do one thing on this list before I was called out of town for a month, what one activity would I want to be sure to get completed? And put a circle around that and start on that activity immediately first thing. and then discipline yourself to work non-stop until you complete that one activity. This simple technique has to taken people from rags to riches all over the world for at least a hundred years. Pick your most important task and start on it immediately and then discipline yourself to stay with it until it's complete. Another habit that you can establish is to become people oriented. Recognize that everything that you achieve in life is going to be with the help or support or cooperation of other people. So always think what is it that other people want and need from me? How can I help other people so they'll want to help me back? If you're in sales top sales people think about their customers all the time. They think about who their customers are and what their customers want and how they can help them the most and how they can help them even more today. In their relationships, successful people are very focused on the most important people in their worlds, both personal and in business. Another habit you can have is to stay health oriented. Think about your health most of the time. Think about eating less food and better food. Think about daily exercise. is thinking about getting lots of rest. Remember, to be successful in our competitive world, you need a lot of energy. To have a lot of energy, you've got to eat good foods, get lots of rest, and exercise all the time. One of the most important habits is that of character and honesty is always tell the truth no matter what the price. And the final characteristic, the final habit is that of self-discipline. And I have written and spoken upon this for years and years and years. But self-discipline seems to be the foundation habit that makes everything else possible. And the best definition of self-discipline is that self-discipline is the ability to make yourself do what you should do when you should do it, whether you feel like it or not. You see, anybody can do it if they feel like it. It's when you don't feel like it and you do it anyway that you eventually develop the self-discipline that makes everything else possible. Thank you for watching. What is the one habit that you should start to develop right now that will help you more than any other habit to achieve your most important goals? Whatever it is, start practicing this habit every day until it becomes automatic and easy. [Applause] [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @BrianTracyOfficial [706 likes]: Answer this question: What is the one habit that you should develop right now that with help you more than any other habit, to achieve your most important goals?  Leave a comment below.  And if you need help building habits, check out my FREE download here http://bit.ly/2aTH6qj
  2. @Abderahmane-m8g [48 likes]: جماعة الانجليزية الطبية هالو
  3. @studyforever9515 [6 likes]: راكو هنا ولالا 😂😂😂
أنجلي ميديكال😂
  4. @sahope1367 [4 likes]: medical english people 💋💋
  5. @reginalim2002 [3 likes]: Anyone here in 2026? A must save video.
  6. @akramslimani3822 [3 likes]: NKMK
  7. @OfficialBlockyWisdom [1 likes]: Brian Tracy
  8. @gaminggoddessaria [1 likes]: What if you have ADHD and it’s impossible to have a routine basically
  9. @masonleeee [1 likes]: this video is the definition of ‘small habits, big results’ fr 💯🔥
  10. @basbox [1 likes]: THX WB for this one.
  11. @WealthMindsetAcademy-t77 [1 likes]: Self discipline is master
  12. @tikapuspitasari8204: ❤❤❤❤
  13. @BarokMengstu-m5k: i love u brian ❤❤❤❤
  14. @WealthMindsetAcademy-t77: Great insights
  15. @Breathflowconnection: The one habit that changed everything for me was starting the day with deliberate breath control before looking at a screen. Not meditation in the traditional sense. Just five minutes of slow breathing at a rate of about 5.5 breaths per minute (5.5 seconds in, 5.5 seconds out). Research shows this specific cadence maximizes heart rate variability and blood flow efficiency. It is the same rhythm found in rosary prayers, Buddhist chants, and Japanese, African, and Hawaiian breathing traditions. They all converge on this exact tempo independently. What this does practically is shift your nervous system from reactive mode to responsive mode before the day even starts. Most people wake up and immediately flood their system with cortisol by checking email or social media. Five minutes of controlled breathing sets a completely different baseline for how you process stress for the rest of the day. I have been facilitating breathwork sessions for six years and this is the single simplest thing I recommend to everyone. No app. No equipment. Just your lungs and a timer.
  16. @140ClockWagon: My neighbor who plays minecraft all day and is almost broke IRL is by definition more successful than Elon Musk. Define success - search for it in a dictionary, I promise it's there. Intelligent people tend to use a defined vocabulary. People think using words, and high IQ people understand the importance of this. Stop replacing the word "rich" with "successful" - these are 2 different concepts. Holy shit, this is so fucking exhausting hearing midwit americans do this. And yes, it's americans. I met spiritualists in Asia when I traveled there - They didn't own much, but very successful people. If you do not distinguish the meaning of the word rich from successful, like the person in this video and many others, it is a sign of an average IQ (ewww) or lower.
  17. @247Empowerment: This mindset shift changed everything for me
  18. @anamiriangonzalez71: I must develop better habits 😊....
  19. @shaileshkumar-s5k9l: This video is absolutely incredible, so impressed!
  20. @sayyedzohaibrizvi2573: Loved the Definition of Self-Discipline.  You are a Legend, Brian Tracy. Thank you.

- The "1 Billion Dollar Morning Routine" - Habits of the World’s Most Successful People: Kind: captions Language: en We've all heard that if you could win the morning you could win the day one of the ways to doing that is to create Regular rituals and routines so you don't have to think about what you need to do and if you can set up routines and habits especially early in the day you could benefit from this science and momentum and create positive momentum as opposed to being reactive like how a lot of people do they pick up their phone the first thing they start reacting and driving distraction and and Reaction as opposed to proactively spending time with self-care and self-love and having a vision and a direction for your day So let's get into it. Now as I jump into this again. This is my ideal day So sometimes I can't do all of this but I could do as many as I can so the first thing I do when I wake up is I recall my dreams when you're dreaming is that you're actually Processing and integrating and working on solutions your subconscious mind to the things that you're focusing on during the daytime But most people forget their dreams after that I get out of bed and I make the bed Okay and now this is something that is obvious that most of you do but if you don't do it Take two minutes and make your bed because that's a success habit Right, if we're talking about positive momentum the science momentum getting things done checking things off doing it with excellence then make your bed It's worse than one or two minutes because again how you do anything is how you do everything and have a good check Mark on something like making your bed is very powerful because it teaches you to be able to do something Really well and excellence like they do in the military and the other benefit is when you come back at the end of the day you come back to success you come back to your Bed already made after that what I'll do is I'll go into the kitchen and I'll have a tall glass of water because you know We we use a lot of water and most of us are very dehydrated at night. I'll take my supplements there I take my probiotics, which is the big one because your gut is your second brain We talked about quick brain, you know being your brain in your head But you also have incredible amount of nerve cells and your gut and so I want to make Trump that's being fed. And and Healthy so I take my probiotics Then what I do is I do my breathing right? I'm thinking about the things on Focusing on here. I'm thinking about excellence. I'm thinking about hydration. I'm thinking about oxygen whatever your breathing technique is I focus on breathing. So whether it's box breathing or alpha breathing Whether it's wim Hof's method I do a breathing technique because I want to fully Oxygenate my body and you know my brain which is obviously part of my body also as well and maybe we can do another episode Dedicated towards that I do my meditation in the morning and also later in the afternoon or evening sometimes before I go to bed But I always do an early morning meditation I do it for about 20 minutes mindfulness is so important So I want to have a clear mind as I enter the day and some meditation puts me in that space 15-20 minutes some of you use headspace have on some of you use the muse device use some kind of technology. I Meditate then from there. I do one or two minutes of just movement and this could be different It could be cal ascetics it give me burpees But I just want to get into my body after I meditate And so I move it my body pretty intensely for a couple minutes And if I'm in a hotel room, maybe I'm just doing jumping jacks, but I'm basically I'm doing crunches for two minutes straight I'm just waking my body that is not my exercise for the day It's just for me to get my heart rate beating and getting some movement and in my body from there I take a shower and I it's cold shower and I do believe in cold therapy. It works for me It helps me to reset my nervous system ice baths are very powerful Because it helps like if you hit your knee you put ice on it to reduce swelling and inflammation It's cold therapy is a very powerful way of resetting your your nervous system and reducing inflammation so I take a cold shower when I get out I go to my normal routine right of Shaving and brush my teeth a lot of good stuff Then I make a tea and my favorite tea is like a brain tea, you know It's a it's a combination of gotu kola gingko lions made some MCT oil and some other gems as I go through it I sip my tea, and that's where I write my journal and I'm a big believer in journaling I've been doing it since I've been in college and I feel like some of the most amazing Thinkers of our time and in history, they they journal and they keep Diaries. I mean you think about Edison einstein? Da vinci even though their journals are are priceless right from there right from journaling since i'm writing and I liked writing There's a lot of studies saying that handwriting is better than actually typing then since i'm writing already i'm go to my to-do list and We all have an ongoing most of us have an ongoing to-do list of things that we need to get done For me the big thing is I just want to be able to accomplish As a total win Three things for work and three things personally and they don't have to be all epic big things. But I just feel like that if I could get three of my work goals done on my to-do list and three of my personal things to do Then it's been a great day. And you know, it's kind of like my friend clay a bear talked about a champagne moment It's like your champagne moment when you're looking back at the end of the day saying yesterday. It was a great day Today I crushed it today. I won and in addition to my to-do list. I Also have a list to feel list because I feel like we are a lot of our who we are as our states and emotions and I think I don't want it to be just Where I happen to feel a certain way by accident, it's but by its design, it's the metaphor I always talk about the difference between a thermometer and a thermostat and thermometer reacts to the Environment and I feel like sometimes if I act like a thermometer I'm just gonna react to everything that's going on in my world and I just might have a some good positive states as Opposed to being a thermostat where I said in advance a standard a goal, you know my firm. I too feel list certain feelings I want to feel throughout the day so I could design it that way to feel loved to feel curious to feel bewilderment right connection gratitude I Also have besides that to-do list and to feel list. I also look at my to be list Like who do I want to be today? And you know, do I want to be a good partner? Don't be a good friend and a good a good leader a good teacher a good coach I feel into what I want to be that day because not just about you know or not It's kind of cliche but there's a truth to it. We're not we're not human doings, right? We're human being so who don't want to be today? from there If I have time, I will make time for the things that are most important is I read I read for about 20-30 minutes So after my I do my reading then I go and I um, I make my brain smoothie brain berries Which are your blueberries and avocado and your leafy vegetables? And water and everything and when I'm done with that smoothie I go through my brain training in One of our quick learning online programs at quick learning comm we have an online speed reading course online memory course Thinking course academic success. Of course. That's right - my my brain training and I like to do it in the morning because I want to jumpstart my brain my mind if you will And also my body and that's the goal for me and that focusing in the morning So after I do certain brain trainings which are all in our programs, then I really start my day You

  Top Comments:
  1. @BeInspiredChannel [4700 likes]: Try it and you will see a huge difference in your life!
  2. @lougarou8431 [1 likes]: You can do all that before you go to work/business????
  3. @X2Ciao [1 likes]: Hey wow! 🙌 Loved how you delivered this video  the energy is vibrant, the message is clear, and the visuals really tie everything together. You’ve got a natural flair for engaging storytelling, and it comes through beautifully. Keep shining and creating such uplifting content! 🌟
  4. @TheBullyWealthProgram: wow
  5. @Edgar-t7j2t: This was super helpful, appreciate your work!
  6. @247Empowerment: Daily discipline is underrated
  7. @darasia.selby1: How long is this morning routine?
  8. @nsbclb145: 6:02 Kudüs?
  9. @bonedee4859: This is the stupidest shit I’ve ever seen good god you people are insufferable.
  10. @KirthanBoy: Truth Is only 1% People will Follow
  11. @BogusDupree: One of the most helpful videos I’ve seen.
  12. @AbirHassan-w6u: A very well done video.
  13. @CaryNary: I’m glad I found this video.
  14. @DilteraMuzko: Thanks for keeping it simple.
  15. @Rapi97-s9t: I learned something new today.
  16. @P.Pepsico: I appreciate the clarity of this video.
  17. @DonnaHomentra: So well explained, thank you.
  18. @mikioseteiopo7253: This is top-tier content.
  19. @RobertHudson-h5s: Very useful and well presented.
  20. @NomeCognomato: Your videos are always helpful.

- Learn How To Talk About Your Daily Routine in English by Watching Me Act Out Mine: Kind: captions Language: en (alarm beeping) (friendly music) Hi, Bob the Canadian here. As you continue to learn English, you want to be able to talk about your daily routine. In this English lesson, I will invite you along with me for part of my day so that you can see my daily routine and along the way, you'll be able to learn how to talk So in this video, we'll go from the moment I wake up until about the end of my work day. This is part one of two videos where you're going to learn to talk about your daily routine. The very first thing I do every day is I wake up and then I usually press the snooze button on my alarm clock. When you wake up, it means you go from being asleep to being awake, but when my alarm first goes off, I usually wanna sleep just a little bit more. So I'm gonna do that right now. So the second thing I do in the morning is I get up. When you get up, it means you actually get out of bed. So I think it's time for me to get up. The first thing I like to do after I get up is I like to make the bed. It's always nice when you have your bed made. So after I get up and after I make the bed, I usually use the bathroom. This room behind me is our bathroom and in English you can say this a number of ways. You can say, "I use the bathroom," you can say, "I go to the bathroom," you can also in Canadian English say, "I use the washroom," or, "I go to the washroom." This is the one part of the lesson though where I'm not taking the camera with me. I'll be right back. So the next thing I do every day is make breakfast. I usually fry two eggs in a frying pan, I usually make myself two pieces of toast in the toaster, and I make myself a mug of coffee. That is a pretty standard Bob the Canadian breakfast. So after I make breakfast, I eat breakfast. There's actually two ways to say this, though, in English. You can say, "I eat breakfast," but you can also say, "I have breakfast." So I eat my egg on toast and I drink my coffee from my favorite mug. This actually says, "Love the World, Bob the Canadian." This is from a friend of mine named Miroslav. Thanks again Miroslav for the mug. But again, every day I eat breakfast or I have breakfast. The next thing I do is I use my computer to check my email and to read the news. I like to check my email every morning and I like to read the news every morning. I also spend a little bit of time checking my social media accounts like Facebook and Instagram and TikTok. I probably spend a little bit too much time doing that. So this next part of my day you are not invited to because every day I take a shower. There are two ways to say this, though, in English. You can say, "Every day I take a shower." You can also say, "Every day I have a shower." I usually take a shower every day before I go to work. After my shower, I dry off with a towel and then I put on some deodorant. After that, I get dressed. I decide what I'm going to wear for the day and then I get dressed and I get ready to go to work. After I get dressed, I go back to the bathroom and if I need to, I will shave, but I don't actually shave every day. But if it's a day where I need to shave, I shave. After that, I get some toothpaste and my toothbrush and I will brush my teeth. So the next thing I do is I come back to the kitchen and I make a lunch. I don't like to buy lunch every day. I don't like to spend money. So I usually make a sandwich and I grab a banana, and this will be my lunch for today. So in English, we would say, "Every day I make a lunch." We can also, though, say, "Every day I pack a lunch." When you pack a lunch, it means that you put your lunch in a nice lunch bag like this one. So every day I make a lunch, and every day I pack a lunch. The next thing I do every day is I grab my things. When I say I grab my things, it means that I grab my keys, I grab my phone, I grab my wallet, I grab my laptop, and I grab the lunch that I made because I'm just about ready to head out the door and go to work. So the next thing I do in my daily routine is I go to work. Every day at about 7:30 Monday through Friday, I go to work. If you were someone who was in school though, you would say, "I go to school." If you are someone who stays home, at this point in your routine you might stay home. But for me, every day at this time, I go to work. One of the things I like about my drive to work is that there are no traffic jams, ever. It takes me only 10 minutes to drive from my house to the school that I work at. When I get to work, I take off my jacket and I hang up my jacket, and then I say hi to all the other teachers in the staffroom. Hi everybody. Hi. Hi, Bob. I put my lunch in the fridge, I teach my first class of the day, which is grade nine French, this is our textbook, to a lot of students who are usually very interested in learning a new language. (student snoring) Every day after teaching my first class, I go to my teacher work area and I grade student work with my red pen and I plan my lessons for my next two classes. After that it's lunch time, so I eat my lunch and I talk to the other teachers who are in the staffroom eating their lunch as well. Hey, did you see that hockey game the other night? I know this doesn't sound very Canadian but I don't actually watch hockey. After lunch, I teach my next class of the day, which is computer class. In computer class, I teach students how to make video games. It is a really, really fun class. And then I teach my last class of the day, which is grade 10 French. This is our textbook. And that's pretty much the end of my workday. I usually put on my jacket at the end of the day and I say bye, bye everybody, to all of my colleagues. Well hey, thanks for coming along with me for part of my day. I hope you were able to learn a few more English words and phrases Don't forget that next week, part two of this video will come out where I will talk some more about the things that I normally do in the evening. But I hope this English lesson helped you learn just a few more English words and phrases to talk about your daily routines. I'm Bob the Canadian and you're learning English with me. Don't forget to subscribe if you are new here and give me a thumbs up if this video helped you learn just a little bit more English. Thanks for watching and have a great day.

  Top Comments:
  1. @LearnEnglishwithBobtheCanadian [55 likes]: 🌻🌼💐 Jen has a Youtube channel too! Come and see:   https://www.youtube.com/@myflowerfarm
  2. @MohamedCarab11 [2 likes]: First I say you thank you, next I wanna to get you advice.
Please don'te live like animals, because when you got up directly you care your soule, and you forget the Allah who create you, who give you another chance to get up another day without feel sick.
Muslims routine is not like this.
Muslim routine was  first when we were get we apprecaite Allah who give us another chance, then we ablution, and then we prayed pray.....
  3. @Faheemrauf-vl3dz [1 likes]: Hello bob! I'm from Pakistan. I don't Speak English well. Somo i have many sentences in my mind but due to my lack of confident or poor vocabulary i don't speak in English...i have watched my English tutors or YouTubers and short learning videos aur read or memorised notes but all in vain...today i have seen ur this video in first time...ur way of learning is really easy aur understandable for the starter's like me...who are blank in thier mind...so thank u so much ...bob the Canadian...😊
  4. @0910k: Why you used with" like" to ?
  5. @kongamanikanta786: Man you are brushing your teeth after eating the breakfast😂, is that common.
  6. @NamSovannea: I absolutely love Canada country so much 🇨🇦🍁
  7. @Darkweb-12c01c: Is anyone Brazilian watching this video?
  8. @salman56a-d5q: you are naughty teacher
  9. @bannyfathir: it's first time for me to watch your nice video .... ❤
  10. @vnmvn7607: Hello, thank you for your support!)
  11. @rutielleoliveira5954: Great video about your routine, I loved it! 👏🏻🇧🇷
  12. @MansourParsa-g9y: Thank you Bob .you are a great teacher. I proud of you.
  13. @lilineappollon433: Thank you so much
  14. @elvisdorosariofranciscoing389: Was really interesting,I'm learning English alone From Angola 🇦🇴
  15. @HairSkinHealth: thank  u
  16. @EmmaMaria-j2k9i: What a nice course!!!!!🎉🎉🎉
  17. @YoussefOuanchach: Tanks
  18. @guitarralia1: Very funny and useful!
  19. @zakirziraki: I like it Tand for your videos
  20. @ИльяФатыков-ь8ю: Thx u very much, u're really cool

- What makes something go viral? | Dao Nguyen: Kind: captions Language: en Last year, some BuzzFeed employees were scheming to prank their boss, Ze Frank, on his birthday. They decided to put a family of baby goats in his office. (Laughter) Now, BuzzFeed had recently signed on to the Facebook Live experiment, and so naturally, we decided to livestream the whole event on the internet to capture the moment when Ze would walk in and discover livestock in his office. We thought the whole thing would last maybe 10 minutes, and a few hundred company employees would log in for the inside joke. But what happened? Ze kept on getting delayed: he went to get a drink, he was called to a meeting, the meeting ran long, he went to the bathroom. More and more people started logging in to watch the goats. By the time Ze walked in more than 30 minutes later, 90,000 viewers were watching the livestream. Now, our team had a lot of discussion about this video and why it was so successful. It wasn't the biggest live video that we had done to date. The biggest one that we had done involved a fountain of cheese. But it performed so much better than we had expected. What was it about the goats in the office that we didn't anticipate? Now, a reasonable person could have any number of hypotheses. Maybe people love baby animals. Maybe people love office pranks. Maybe people love stories about their bosses or birthday surprises. But our team wasn't really thinking about what the video was about. We were thinking about what the people watching the video were thinking and feeling. We read some of the 82,000 comments that were made during the video, and we hypothesized that they were excited because they were participating in the shared anticipation of something that was about to happen. They were part of a community, just for an instant, and it made them happy. So we decided that we needed to test this hypothesis. What could we do to test this very same thing? The following week, armed with the additional knowledge that food videos are very popular, we dressed two people in hazmat suits and wrapped rubber bands around a watermelon until it exploded. Eight hundred thousand people watched the 690th rubber band explode the watermelon, marking it as the biggest Facebook Live event to date. The question I get most frequently is: How do you make something go viral? The question itself is misplaced; it's not about the something. It's about what the people doing the something, reading or watching -- what are they thinking? Now, most media companies, when they think about metadata, they think about subjects or formats. It's about goats, it's about office pranks, it's about food, it's a list or a video or a quiz, it's 2,000 words long, it's 15 minutes long, it has 23 embedded tweets or 15 images. Now, that kind of metadata is mildly interesting, but it doesn't actually get at what really matters. What if, instead of tagging what articles or videos are about, what if we asked: How is it helping our users do a real job in their lives? Last year, we started a project to formally categorize our content in this way. We called it, "cultural cartography." It formalized an informal practice that we've had for a really long time: don't just think about the subject matter; think also about, and in fact, primarily about, the job that your content is doing for the reader or the viewer. Let me show you the map that we have today. Each bubble is a specific job, and each group of bubbles in a specific color are related jobs. First up: humor. "Makes me laugh." There are so many ways to make somebody laugh. You can be laughing at someone, you could laugh at specific internet humor, you could be laughing at some good, clean, inoffensive dad jokes. "This is me." Identity. People are increasingly using media to explain, "This is who I am. This is my upbringing, this is my culture, this is my fandom, this is my guilty pleasure, and this is how I laugh about myself." "Helps me connect with another person." This is one of the greatest gifts of the internet. It's amazing when you find a piece of media that precisely describes your bond with someone. This is the group of jobs that helps me do something -- helps me settle an argument, helps me learn something about myself or another person, or helps me explain my story. that makes me feel something -- makes me curious or sad or restores my faith in humanity. Many media companies and creators do put themselves in their audiences' shoes. But in the age of social media, we can go much farther. People are connected to each other on Facebook, on Twitter, and they're increasingly using media to have a conversation and to talk to each other. If we can be a part of establishing a deeper connection between two people, then we will have done a real job for these people. Let me give you some examples of how this plays out. This is one of my favorite lists: "32 Memes You Should Send Your Sister Immediately" -- immediately. For example, "When you're going through your sister's stuff, and you hear her coming up the stairs." Absolutely, I've done that. "Watching your sister get in trouble for something that you did and blamed on her." Yes, I've done that as well. This list got three million views. Why is that? Because it did, very well, several jobs: "This is us." "Connect with family." Here are some of the thousands and thousands of comments that sisters sent to each other using this list. Sometimes we discover what jobs do after the fact. This quiz, "Pick an Outfit and We'll Guess Your Exact Age and Height," went very viral: 10 million views. Ten million views. I mean -- did we actually determine the exact age and height of 10 million people? That's incredible. It's incredible. In fact, we didn't. Turns out that this quiz went extremely viral among a group of 55-and-up women -- who were surprised and delighted that BuzzFeed determined that they were 28 and 5'9". "They put me at 34 years younger and seven inches taller. I dress for comfort and do not give a damn what anyone says. Age is a state of mind." This quiz was successful not because it was accurate, but because it allowed these ladies to do a very important job -- the humblebrag. Now, we can even apply this framework to recipes and food. A recipe's normal job is to tell you what to make for dinner or for lunch. And this is how you would normally brainstorm for a recipe: you figure out what ingredients you want to use, what recipe that makes, and then maybe you slap a job on at the end to sell it. But what if we flipped it around and thought about the job first? One brainstorming session involved the job of bonding. So, could we make a recipe that brought people together? This is not a normal brainstorming process at a food publisher. So we know that people like to bake together, and we know that people like to do challenges together, so we decided to come up with a recipe that involved those two things, and we challenged ourselves: Could we get people to say, "Hey, BFF, let's see if we can do this together"? The resulting video was the "Fudgiest Brownies Ever" video. It was enormously successful in every metric possible -- 70 million views. And people said the exact things that we were going after: "Hey, Colette, we need to make these, are you up for a challenge?" "Game on." It did the job that it set out to do, which was to bring people together over baking and chocolate. I'm really excited about the potential for this project. When we talk about this framework with our content creators, they instantly get it, no matter what beat they cover, what country they’re in, or what language they speak. So cultural cartography has helped us massively scale our workforce training. When we talk about this project and this framework with advertisers and brands, they also instantly get it, because advertisers, more often than media companies, understand how important it is to understand the job that their products are doing for customers. But the reason I'm the most excited about this project is because it changes the relationship between media and data. Most media companies think of media as "mine." How many fans do I have? How many followers have I gained? How many views have I gotten? How many unique IDs do I have in my data warehouse? But that misses the true value of data, which is that it's yours. If we can capture in data what really matters to you, and if we can understand more the role that our work plays in your actual life, the better content we can create for you, and the better that we can reach you. Who are you? How did you get there? Where are you going? What do you care about? What can you teach us? That's cultural cartography. Thank you. (Applause)

  Top Comments:
  1. @bricelontchi9799 [1 likes]: 🎯 Key points for quick navigation:

00:12 🐐 BuzzFeed livestreamed a prank with goats in Ze Frank's office, anticipating a small internal audience but ended up with 90,000 viewers.
00:44 🤔 The video's success was attributed to viewers' shared excitement and community participation.
01:16 🤹 The team's hypothesis focused on viewer engagement rather than the video's content or subject.
02:16 🍉 A similar successful event involved exploding a watermelon, garnering 800,000 viewers.
03:15 🗂️ BuzzFeed launched "cultural cartography" to categorize content based on its purpose for viewers instead of mere metadata.
05:17 🌐 Media is increasingly a tool for personal expression and connection on social platforms.
05:46 😄 Lists like “32 Memes You Should Send Your Sister Immediately” go viral because they fulfill multiple viewer needs, like laughter and connection.
06:44 🎯 Viral success was also seen with a quiz offering inaccurate personal results, appealing for its surprise and identity play.
07:12 👭 Content that facilitates bonding, like baking challenges, achieves high engagement, evidenced by the success of the "Fudgiest Brownies Ever" video.
08:49 🌍 Cultural cartography helps BuzzFeed's creators and advertisers understand content's role and maximize engagement.
09:53 🔍 The project aims to use data for creating meaningful content that captures the actual needs and experiences of its audience.

Made with HARPA AI
  2. @dhananjaywriterpoet: Weird and expensive adventures go viral easily because everyone wants to do it but they can't, so they watch someone else do it, That's it
  3. @kiomars_trades: Interesting, it affected my perspective
  4. @KristianMarkov-d3m: This is gold! I'm using your format for my next video.
  5. @NorbertGórski-x1j: If they can make a sponge famous, I can work with anything. This video gave me delusional confidence — and I love it. 🧽🚀
  6. @TaraSaAustralia: ❤❤❤❤
  7. @paularicci3193: Ted has really gone downhill. Not everyone should be doing presentations!
  8. @ViralclipAI: Your content is incredible—truly inspiring! 🎥

What if you could:-

✨ Predict which moments in your videos could go viral?

📈 Stay ahead of trends with real-time hashtag and audio insights?

🎥 Save hours by turning your videos into platform-perfect clips instantly?

I’m building ViralClip AI, an AI tool that does exactly this! I’d love to offer you exclusive free early access so you can test it out before anyone else.

Let me know if you’re in—I can’t wait to hear your thoughts! 🚀

Best,
Sameer
  9. @ducatinya: This video did not go viral…
  10. @-pagebooklipraly8352: thank you
  11. @URUPMedia: It's work on Youtube Creator too... Awesome! Thanks BuzzFeed & Nguyen!
  12. @uriel-147: Incredible!
  13. @andreashandani.innerwork: So good. Thank you so much.
  14. @emanuelgermangomez2357: Excelent
  15. @Nic-tg2ei: Exactly as disappointing as a buzzfeed post.
  16. @ygsmgentertainment6593: BUY MY MUSIC!
  17. @gingerglaze: FW
  18. @boyalone9028: March 25 2015
  19. @isaaccastro4846: That was actually amazing
  20. @ridiprabhamaladhora: Finally i have learn something new

- Why videos go viral | Kevin Allocca: Kind: captions Language: en Hi. I'm Kevin Allocca, I'm the trends manager at YouTube, and I professionally watch YouTube videos. It's true. So we're going to talk a little bit today about how videos go viral and then why that even matters. We all want to be stars -- celebrities, singers, comedians -- and when I was younger, that seemed so very, very hard to do. But now Web video has made it so that any of us or any of the creative things that we do can become completely famous in a part of our world's culture. Any one of you could be famous on the Internet by next Saturday. But there are over 48 hours of video uploaded to YouTube every minute. And of that, only a tiny percentage ever goes viral and gets tons of views and becomes a cultural moment. So how does it happen? Three things: tastemakers, communities of participation and unexpectedness. All right, let's go. (Video) Bear Vasquez: Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God! Wooo! Ohhhhh, wowwww! KA: Last year, Bear Vasquez posted this video that he had shot outside his home in Yosemite National Park. In 2010, it was viewed 23 million times. (Laughter) This is a chart of what it looked like when it first became popular last summer. But he didn't actually set out to make a viral video, Bear. He just wanted to share a rainbow. Because that's what you do when your name is Yosemite Mountain Bear. And he had posted lots of nature videos in fact. And this video had actually been posted all the way back in January. So what happened here? Jimmy Kimmel actually. Jimmy Kimmel posted this tweet that would eventually propel the video to be as popular as it would become. Because tastemakers like Jimmy Kimmel introduce us to new and interesting things and bring them to a larger audience. (Video) Rebecca Black: ♫ It's Friday, Friday. Gotta get down on Friday. ♫ ♫ Everybody's looking forward to the weekend, weekend. ♫ ♫ Friday, Friday. Gettin' down on Friday. ♫ KA: So you didn't think that we could actually have this conversation without talking about this video I hope. Rebecca Black's "Friday" is one of the most popular videos of the year. It's been seen nearly 200 million times this year. This is a chart of what it looked like. And similar to "Double Rainbow," it seems to have just sprouted up out of nowhere. So what happened on this day? Well it was a Friday, this is true. And if you're wondering about those other spikes, those are also Fridays. But what about this day, this one particular Friday? Well Tosh.0 picked it up, a lot of blogs starting writing about. Michael J. Nelson from Mystery Science Theater was one of the first people to post a joke about the video on Twitter. But what's important is that an individual or a group of tastemakers took a point of view and they shared that with a larger audience, accelerating the process. And so then this community formed of people who shared this big inside joke and they started talking about it and doing things with it. And now there are 10,000 parodies of "Friday" on YouTube. Even in the first seven days, there was one parody for every other day of the week. Unlike the one-way entertainment of the 20th century, this community participation is how we become a part of the phenomenon -- either by spreading it or by doing something new with it. (Music) So "Nyan Cat" is a looped animation with looped music. It's this, just like this. It's been viewed nearly 50 million times this year. And if you think that that is weird, you should know that there is a three-hour version of this that's been viewed four million times. Even cats were watching this video. Cats were watching other cats watch this video. But what's important here is the creativity that it inspired amongst this techie, geeky Internet culture. There were remixes. Someone made an old timey version. And then it went international. An entire remix community sprouted up that brought it from being just a stupid joke to something that we can all actually be a part of. Because we don't just enjoy now, we participate. And who could have predicted any of this? Who could have predicted "Double Rainbow" or Rebecca Black or "Nyan Cat?" What scripts could you have written that would have contained this in it? In a world where over two days of video get uploaded every minute, only that which is truly unique and unexpected can stand out in the way that these things have. When a friend of mine told me that I needed to see this great video about a guy protesting bicycle fines in New York City, I admit I wasn't very interested. (Video) Casey Niestat: So I got a ticket for not riding in the bike lane, but often there are obstructions that keep you from properly riding in the bike lane. KA: By being totally surprising and humorous, Casey Niestat got his funny idea and point seen five million times. And so this approach holds for anything new that we do creatively. And so it all brings us to one big question ... (Video) Bear Vasquez: What does this mean? Ohhhh. KA: What does it mean? Tastemakers, creative participating communities, complete unexpectedness, these are characteristics of a new kind of media and a new kind of culture where anyone has access and the audience defines the popularity. I mean, as mentioned earlier, one of the biggest stars in the world right now, Justin Bieber, got his start on YouTube. No one has to green-light your idea. And we all now feel some ownership in our own pop culture. And these are not characteristics of old media, and they're barely true of the media of today, but they will define the entertainment of the future. Thank you. (Applause)

  Top Comments:
  1. @Jenn-zen-47 [16 likes]: 2025. Anyone else watching it for their English class ??
  2. @sainidhik [1 likes]: Literally everyone watching this for their English class
  3. @photohype [1 likes]: Not having to wait for someone to green-light your idea is something I wish we had years ago...

I was in a Hollywood studio photographing a band called The Crosswalk while they recorded their music album.  Sadly, it was never released because their record label had some issues with the final product. 🤕
  4. @itsdylanjohn [1 likes]: This internet does not exist anymore
  5. @JadeSeiwartson [1 likes]: Cultural studies for collage
  6. @PandaKoalaSqaud [1 likes]: I’m watching this for homewoRK
  7. @lillymakesvideos1: can i be viral
  8. @holythapvi8712: :cat-orange-whistling:
  9. @whoisthisnoyes: Man we really didn’t know what was to come when it was right in front of us….
  10. @МаксадФайзуллобеков: Itt was the first TED talk which i understood clearly😂
  11. @ViralclipAI: Your content is incredible—truly inspiring! 🎥

What if you could:-

✨ Predict which moments in your videos could go viral?

📈 Stay ahead of trends with real-time hashtag and audio insights?

🎥 Save hours by turning your videos into platform-perfect clips instantly?

I’m building ViralClip AI, an AI tool that does exactly this! I’d love to offer you exclusive free early access so you can test it out before anyone else.

Let me know if you’re in—I can’t wait to hear your thoughts! 🚀

Best,
Sameer
  12. @5seconds2know: First the algorithm has to want to show video. I have a video about Elon Musk and Arnold that I think is pretty good and timely.
  13. @TheLittleChrome: Imagine talking about it now with TikTok
  14. @catboli1: who's Tosh?
  15. @kyle_ledoux: the international cat really sent me though!!
  16. @jojipogi: AVT nakakainis ka
  17. @ЛюдмилаКетова-ы7з: Привет я здесь чобы помочь Четвероногим друзьям  Гаяны и меня не остановить Благодарю Всем МИРА и ДОБРА
  18. @TV-vj4fz: 04:10
  19. @uni0309-k1s: Cute cats!
Haha
  20. @riograul2043: My first YouTube video got 50,000 views lol

- Why some videos go viral (the truth): Kind: captions Language: en what makes a video go viral is it its ability to make you laugh or maybe the day of the week in which it was posted or maybe it's some secret tactic that the owners of social media companies don't want us to know or maybe the answer is a lot more simple than we think in this video I'm going to answer the question what makes a video go viral because realistically if we know the answer to that question then surely we can go viral ourselves also fun fact I actually did my dissertation on this topic so I'm in my element right now if you're new to this channel my name is Jade B I upload content just like this every single week so hit subscribe hit the like button and let's get to it okay so I'm trying to be as pragmatic as I possibly can when it comes to answering this question right so I'm going to break down my answer into two sections the first is going to be about the data so we're going to look at actual numbers which will tell us why videos go viral and then we're going to look at the experts so the people who study this the people who live and breathe virality we're going to hear what they have to say about why videos go viral so let's kick off with the data don't stress I'm not just going to be making you analyze the data I've done it already and I'm going to be telling you what the data means so there's a marketing technology company called unruly shout out to those of you who work at unruly because you have been incredibly useful when it comes to preparing for this video they analyze over 430 billion video views this is why I'm giving them a shout out because that sounds like that took a lot of work and also over 100,000 customer data points so they can come up with a list of things which actually lead to a video going viral so I paired this data in addition to data from other sources I will link to all of my sources below to come up with a list of three things which highly contribute as to whether or not a video is going to go viral so the first thing is a psychological response or the way that I like to see it is like an emotional response and this is potentially the answer that you would have given me if I asked you why do videos go viral because nine times out of 10 when I speak to someone about a video that's gone viral they're usually talking about a video that's funny and humor is a positive emotional response to a piece of content so because we're constantly seeing viral videos that are funny we're telling ourselves that the the only way to go viral is to be funny and you'll be pleased to know at least for those of us who AR naturally funny that that isn't always the case in an article by Harvard Business Review they break down the top four positive and the top four negative emotions that people feel when they watch a viral piece of content let's start off on a positive note when it comes to the positive emotions you've got warmth which is the number one spot followed by happiness then hilarity which is the humor that we're speaking about and Then followed by surprise so if you're trying to create a viral piece of content it doesn't only have to be funny there other positive emotions that you could focus on in terms of negative emotions though because unfortunately the way that we are programmed as human beings we tend to respond almost as powerfully to negative content as we do to positive content so the top four negative emotions that people often feel towards the most viral content are confusion contempt disgust and anger now most of you guys watching this aren't going to want to focus on triggering those kind of emotions from an audience so instead I want you to focus on the lovely positive emotions and think about how you can make your audience feel warm or happy or laugh or surprise as as a result of your content now this data also does a great job at breaking down motivations behind people sharing because that's one of the biggest factors when it comes to whether or not your content is going to go viral at the end of the day what we all need to remember is the reason why stuff goes viral is because people are sharing it a lot of the time we convince ourselves that things go viral simply because Instagram or YouTube or whatever social media platform we are on decided to push it and it be seen by thousands of people that is natural we're forgetting that the reason why this piece of content might be getting loads of views and why our social media channel is pushing it is because other people are responding to it and sharing it right sharing online is the equivalent of Word of Mouth it is our audience's way of sharing content that aligns with them that signals something about them as a person with their audience and by doing so we are massively expanding the amount of people who see our content and increasing the chances of that piece of content going viral so what motivates people to actually share well there are a bunch of different reasons so I'm just going to focus on the top three the first is opinion seeking so a lot of the time people will share your your content because they want to know what their friends think of your content and I found this really interesting cuz I don't think I think about this very much but it's very true people might share your content simply because they want to gather other people's opinions on it the second motivation for sharing is conversation starting and this one I do know about and I think about this one quite a lot so it's when you create a piece of content that other people want to share because they want to start an online conversation about it right the third most common reason for social sharing is social utility so this is when people share your content because they think it will be useful for their friends this really reminds me of the era of quotes does anyone remember in like 2020 when if you logged on to Instagram all you saw was quotes that was it there was just quotes and carousels and that was it that really reminds me of that time because that was a time where people were sharing these quotes one to kind of signify who they are and what they believe in but also to share them with their friends and family because they thought maybe this would help them too and that is a perfect example of sharing for social utility so this data concluded that most online sharing happens on a Wednesday a Thursday and a Friday and I want you to keep this in mind because this is going to pop back up in just a moment when we talk about what the experts say about viral content so before we talk about what the experts say let's just sum up what we can learn about the data that I just shared with you the first is that the more emotions your content triggers within your audience the more likely your audience are to share so it's not just about picking one of those emotions like warmth for example that you want your audience to feel as a result of your content you want to try and Trigger as many of those emotions hopefully the positive emotions as you possibly can because the more emotions you trigger the more likely your audience are to share your piece of content the second thing I learned from the data that I haven't mentioned yet but it's very important is that there are a group of people called super sharers and these are basically the people who are actually responsible for majority of the social media sharing online so there are a group of people who share content constantly almost daily on their social pages and these are also the people who have a lot of influence so when they share a piece of content with their audience other people see it other people pick it up and that's what kind of triggers this Chain Reaction so keep that in mind because as I explain that type of person to you you might have someone in mind where you think hold on a minute I know someone who is an avid social media sharer and they also tend to have a huge amount of influence try and pinpoint those people because they could be the difference between your content not being seen by anyone and your content going viral all right so this is my favorite part not that I don't love the data I love the data but I also love to hear what experts say about this topic and honestly when it comes to viral video content there's only one person who comes to mind and that is Kevin aler hi I'm Kevin alaka I'm the trends manager at YouTube and I professionally watch YouTube videos he's actually now the global director of culture and transs YouTube and he's the author of videoy that clip that you just saw is from his Ted Talk titled why videos go viral which is very good by the way I'll include a link to it below I've had the absolute pleasure of meeting Kevin in person and I have the absolute pleasure of interviewing Kevin and my next virtual event hosted specifically for creators and entrepreneurs I'll tell you more about that later but all of that to say that there are a few things I've learned from consuming his content and speaking with him directly about viral content that I want to share with you the first is the importance of taste makers now taste makers are quite similar to the super sharers that I mentioned in the previous section so the super sharers were more your everyday people who have some influence online who share a lot of content right now taste makers are people who often have even more influence usually of like the celebrity kind of stature and they have the power to share one piece of content and change the trajectory of that post the example that Kevin uses is when Jimmy Kimmel actually tweeted a link to a YouTube video which was all about a rainbow wao oh my God oh my God now when JM tweeted and link to that video the video absolutely took off the video had been living on YouTube for a while with hardly any views and then suddenly that video went massively viral and it actually ended up accumulating millions and millions of views now in addition to the power of tast makers when it comes to viral content Kevin also talks about the importance of community but specifically Community participation now this is something that I have personally seen grow in importance so much more within the last few months to a year and what it's basically referring to is when you create content that other people actually want to part participate in so we've kind of moved away from this world where a trending or viral piece of content was simply a video that other people consumed and that was it we're now in this situation where the biggest Trends are ones that other people can take part in so they could take a video that they've seen that they love and they could put their own twists on it and adapt it in their own way it's also the equivalent of when people take video content and Stitch it or remix it or whatever you want to call it depending on what platform you're on in fact do you know one of the best examples of this cuz this is the one that I see all the time at the moment so you know the Tik Tok video where there's a Creator she starts her video by saying call me crazy if you want but I've never like store bought pesto now I have never actually seen that original video appear on my for you page on Tik Tok but what I have seen is hundreds of other creators videos who have remixed that to use it as the intro to talk about a story that is significantly wilder than the fact that this lovely creator doesn't like starbard pesto which I know everyone takes a piss out of there for it but I mean I thought that was pretty wild I love store V so I'm with you on this one hun I actually do these Trend analysis videos with Kevin a locker and his team so I work directly with YouTube and I share some of the top social media trends with you guys through my content and one of the biggest trends that I've seen month on month is this importance of creating a piece of content that other people want to participate in this truly is the future of virality and if you're able to nail that then there really is a potential that you will go truly viral so how do we use this very interesting information well the first thing to do is to identify and then Leverage The Taste makers am I telling you to tweet Jimmy Kimmel every time you create a good piece of content maybe I'm probably more telling you to identify the people within your community within your Niche within your audience group who are taste makers and have that level of influence and think about how you could share a piece of content that you're truly proud of with them in a new and inovative way because who knows they might share that with their audience think about how you can create content that is designed for participation and of course keep your ear to the ground about the different trends that others are participating in and join in with those Trends too now one last thing that I do want to say that I alluded to earlier that I thought was interesting I said that the data told us that the most popular days of the week for social sharing are Wednesdays Thursdays and Fridays interestingly in Kevin's Ted Talk he shows a graph where you can clearly see the peaks in which different viral videos were being shared like does anyone remember Rebecca Black's Friday video of course you do everyone does but he actually showed a graph of her video and you could see clear Peaks where people were sharing her videos more than on other days of the week and that day was on a Friday does that mean you should only share your content on Fridays no absolutely not what it does mean though is maybe focus on applying all of these tips and tricks that you've learned on a Friday maybe share your favorite video to your audience on a Friday there might be something in that guys who knows go ahead and try that and be sure to DM me with your results now I'm willing to bet that a lot of you are thinking all right Jade that was super interesting but what do I do next don't fret I know exactly what you need to do next you will have the opportunity to ask Kevin aler who is the vial expert that I spoke about previously and who's also the global director of culture and trends at YouTube your questions during my next event called The Creator project live now this is a virtual event which is part of a series designed to help content creators and entrepreneurs Thrive online and learn how to get paid this next event is focusing on the secrets to YouTube success and it is going to be incredible like we've really outdone ourselves here in addition to a full session with Kevin aler and I really can't stress enough how big of a deal this is and the opportunity for you to ask an actual YouTube insid of your questions there will also be a Creator panel for featuring two very successful creators Adela fardi and Natalie barou and I will be hosting my YouTube growth masterclass which is the exact masterclass I've shared with hundreds of creators that they've used to launch and scale their YouTube channels and also just to make the event just a little bit B because I couldn't help myself I'm also going to be giving away a brand new Sony zv1 which is the exact camera that I'm currently filming this video on I'm going to be giving away a brand new Sony zv1 to one lucky attendee during the actual event so if if you want to join the event live have a chance to win that camera and ask these creators and experts your questions it's taking place on the 15th of November now if you can't make the event live don't stress you could purchase a replay ticket so that you can catch up in your own time head to the Creator project.com live to get your hands on the tickets or of course I'm going to have a link in the description all right guys if you feel like hanging around I recommend watching this video it's actually my recent Trend report video which is when I break down the top most viral Trends on social media right now so I'm fairly sure you're going to find this pretty interesting don't forget to get your tickets for the next edition of the creative project live before they run out and I cannot wait to see you there

  Top Comments:
  1. @ejm_official [6 likes]: The value I get from your videos feels as if I am cheating the system lol. With all seriousness your videos are packed so much with value and you show a lot of your personality in the videos too. Good luck on your journey everyone! ❤
  2. @JadeBeason [2 likes]: DOUBLE your income as a content creator with this FREE GUIDE 💰.This 35 page ebook includes everything you need to know about brand partnerships, UGC, creator funds, affiliate marketing and loads more, grab yours here: https://www.jadebeason.com/creatorincomeguide
  3. @BigBoysEvents [1 likes]: Top ❤❤
  4. @melaniewilliamsloves [1 likes]: This was very insightful thank you for sharing, your advice has been extremely helpful to apply to my plant-based channel. Funny I have been mainly uploading on Friday’s 😊 I can not wait for your live!
  5. @102markdude: There’s a tool that breaks down why some videos get 5–10× more views than a channel’s average. Eye-opening if you’re stuck at this stage. Tool is in my bio. Good video btw
  6. @rmv9194: Organic Viral videos are not real anymore. You want a video to go viral, you have to put money on it.
  7. @luckyourway: This is a great video. Thank you!
  8. @Abhinavkumar-og3xd: Please say in hindi.
  9. @MsGovTeacher: If your video is linger (organically as in storytelling) and people watch it, do you get more revenue bc you have more ads?
  10. @chandicookinghut3191: Thanks for nice explanations.
  11. @emmanuellaadolphus: Only today for the first time to see and watch your video, insights and ideas have been flowing but I don't know how do it perfectly.

Thank you for the video creation ❤
  12. @makemoney7371: Hey Jade, thanks for all ur contents, pls can I have a personal chat with u?
  13. @izzyk1998: Just got my ticket for your event, what an amazing opportunity for your viewers thanks so much for organising 🥰 gonna be the highlight of my week!
  14. @tenxrakesh: What your business gmail account ?
  15. @Lizzyy_Turner: Hi I'm having problems with my account and I don't know what to do.i woke up one morning and I was logged out and I can't post ,I can't even see my followers or following.im confused help me please
  16. @sorifsem: Hello dear 
You need attractive thumbnail designer?
  17. @temilayoAndmom: Thank you jade❤❤❤
  18. @sheisjacinta: Aww
Thanks for this, as a creator ❤❤❤
  19. @_ceecastro: Thank you for the tips 😁
  20. @NaomiTheAlchemist: Thanks for sharing.

- How to make a viral video - Viral Video: Kind: captions Language: ru Он был предложен мной, как лучший специалист Вот и он. Адам! Это Алан, он будет вести рекламный проект со стороны клиента Привет, рад знакомству Я тоже, наслышан о вас Ох, благодарю Мы как раз обсуждаем рекламный ролик, который сейчас в разработке Отлично Адам, с самого начала ты делаешь потрясающие проекты Шикарная работа Действительно впечатляет Что ж, большое спасибо Мы хотим продолжить текущее сотрудничество с вашей фирмой Потому что мы впечатлены роликами, которые вы создали Очень впечатлены Рад слышать! Однако, в головном офисе идут обсуждения Да уж, работают, не покладая рук И мы пытаемся набросать идеи и найти способы, как улучшить нашу рекламу Отлично, я весь внимание Адам, мы хотим, чтобы следующее видео Стало вирусным! Вы хотите, чтобы видео стало вирусным?.. Адам, мы вложили кучу денег в исследование рынка И обнаружили, что когда видео становится вирусным Оно превлекает много внимания Соответственно, люди конвертируются в просмотры Ты можешь это сделать? Что ж, я думаю мы можем попробовать сделать его вирусным Мы бы предпочли - мы можем сделать его вирусным Поддерживаю Извините, позвольте прояснить: Моя команда сделает лучшую рекламу, которую только возможно представить Но мы не можем сделать ее вирусной Извините, я... я не знаю, зачем он.. ..все усложняет Адам, зачем ты все усложняешь? Потому что "стать вирусным" это то, что прям невозможно предсказать! Это включает.. оно живет само по себе.. Так стоп.. вы.. Вы предлагаете сделать это видео.. Разумным? Что? Это вообще возможно? Сделать видео.. C самосознанием Нет! Черт! Я действительно подумал, что мы к чему-то пришли Вот жеж! Окей... окей... Как нам сделать его вирусным..? Ладно! Вернемся к обсуждению Хорошо. Какие еще способы сделать видео вирусным? Что. Нравится. Людям? Щеночки! Щеночки, прекрасно Что еще? Нет, насколько мне известно Ппп-перед тем, как мы углубимся в это Не могли ли бы вы описать мне, что за видео вы хотите сделать Какие-нибудь примеры или отсылки? Так, я уверен, мы наткнулись на что-то, но мы можем вернуться к этому позднее Согласен По поводу источников вдохновения, я бы сказал.. Реклама Old Spice Напомните, какой у нас бюджет? Одна тысяча долларов Адам, дело в том, что реклама Old Spice получила сотни миллионов просмотров Мы хотим похожего результата Он хочет похожего результата Ллл-ладно. Отложим бюджет Это не так, что я могу нажать на кнопку "сделать вирусным" когда я загружа... Так, подожите Извините. Вы имеете в виду, что существует кнопка "сделать вирусным" Которую можно нажать и не сказали об этом сразу? Иии-извините, я имел в виду, что невозможн... Адам! Просто нажми кнопку "сделать вирусным"! Ну правда же! Мой вам совет Каждый раз, когда мы заливаете видео Действительно! Нажимайте на чертову кнопку "сделать вирусным"! Слушайте этого человека, он знает, о чем говорит! Что ж, ребята, знаете что мы для вас сделаем? Мы на нажмем на "вирусную" кнопку! Так. Теперь напомните, что за продукт мы рекламируем? Ага! Мы специализируемся на удобрениях Ну конечно же.. И бюджет - тысяча долларов, так? Так, что-то в этом роде Отлично! Мы сделаем вам вирусное видео о дерме! Обожаю этого парня Я говорил, что он хорош

  Top Comments:
  1. @DasKraze: That fingersnap at the end
  2. @BoyleeDalton: And the video went viral tho
  3. @WhatBananas: "Only pay for what you need."™ 

Their adds will always be well remembered to me.
  4. @natben6099: the sound is terrible
  5. @JellySquid55: Tbh, they almost had me with the self awareness video 😂
  6. @405dewey: This is literally what Dominos pizza is doing in the US right now. They are just calling their new pizza deal “viral” as if that makes it so. Immediately thought of this clip.
  7. @PatriciaSullivan-o1m: Wilson Cynthia White Susan White Donna
  8. @jdotoz: "I was thinking that this time you could make a good product."
  9. @deadrussianliberal2897: Viral Video About Shit

I believe that’s a reference.
  10. @MatthewKai-cf8ld: This makes me want to go ssj 3 on Rowan and Alan bc this was just crazy one sided between actual brain activity verses idiocy
  11. @mohammedbarakat1227: for the first time Alan is Rowan-dumb 😂😂
  12. @CaleAi928: Sheesh when is the viral button unlocked on youtube? 

After you reach a million subscribers?
  13. @JMetz: Yes, but can you make 7 perpendicular lines? In the shape of a kitten?
  14. @2macki332: To make a video go viral today in 2024 one needs to analyze the algorithm that is recommending videos to people and once enough knowledge is acquired trick the algorithm to spread your video :)
  15. @proxy90909: I feel like this video costed more than that "marketing campaign"
  16. @Userxxx333: Actually if you have enough budget to spend you can actually make something go viral.
  17. @NityaVlogsjubi: I m from India
  18. @KingCauz: Both : we specialize in fertilizers
Alan : of course u do .. 

😂😂😂 damn roll ... thats confirm that they only know sh**
  19. @orctrihar: Of course there is no buttons.. there just a way to do it who will make it popular.
  20. @abezth7506: The thing with going viral is that it depends on the consumer. If they prefer tomorrow something that took no effort but they somehow like, no matter the effort put into something, whatever you do to counter it, it will usually not matter.

- YouTube Is Changing the Entire Algorithm: Kind: captions Language: en An article came out saying that YouTube today, interesting thing about algorithms with YouTube Mr. Beast viewership they said has dropped 50%. Why has it dropped 50%? He used to get these videos 900 million views, 500 million views, 400 million views. Now it's 60 to 120 million views. Now somebody say, "Well, listen, give me a 60 to 120 million views." >> Yeah. It doesn't mean it's being impacted. What did YouTube do? YouTube on the back end controls what? Controls Go look at any of the top 50 podcasts that we follow and go to their YouTube channel, you'll notice. Why is this guy down to 600,000 views, 200,000 views, 800,000 He used to get 4.8 million views, 3. Why is that guy that used to do 600,000 views down to 300,000 views, 150,000 views? What you will notice is the following. Rogan is number one number one podcast in 94 countries on Spotify. But on YouTube it's who? Someone else. Midas Touch. But why is that? Why is YouTube putting this? Because YouTube came out and said they used to favor cuz they control recommendations. The algorithms of YouTube, they control recommendations. Like do you remember during COVID? During COVID they're like, "If you use the word" there was certain word you use on the title, it would just drop off. >> Yep. Okay? Whatever the words were. During COVID there was like 50 words I didn't like. >> Mhm. If you used it, it would automatically drop off. So don't use the word. All right, so people didn't use the word. Guess who controls the knob on YouTube viewership right now? YouTube does. You know what YouTube did? YouTube controlled the knob and it was long form suggestion and YouTube went like this and said short form. We don't want any more long form recommendation. Guess what YouTube announced last year? >> Going back to long form. YouTube last year announced as of July 15th, if it's a faceless YouTube channel, we're no longer paying you AdSense. What do you mean? So whoever controls the knob controls the viewership. So there is an element of the media changing on what they're favoring now. It's purely uh uh YouTube algorithm Chris, watch this. In mid-2026, they just made the announcement, YouTube's algorithm is increasingly favoring smaller emerging channels by prioritizing high retention content over subscriber count. So, what is YouTube doing that? They want more new people cuz imagine YouTube sitting in a meeting and they're saying, "Man, we we not having as many new content creators." >> Yeah. I don't know if this makes sense. Like, if you go look at last week, Instagram did a massive purge of followership. Rob, can you go to Instagram purge last week? I I want to say Kylie Jenner lost 14 million people on followership [snorts] in a single day. Can you type in purge uh uh purge what happened last week? Brands just lost millions. Oh, look at this, Vinnie. Welcome to the greatest bot purge of 2026. Go a little bit lower, May 8th. Exactly a week ago. Can you go to the names of people that lost the amount of people they lost cuz they right there. Okay. So, it was Kim Kardashian, Kylie Jenner, Luis account losing 15.2 million. Kim Kardashian Cristiano Ronaldo lost 15 million followers in one day. >> Jeez. Kardashian lost 9.19. Kylie Jenner lost 7.12. Taylor Swift lost 7.2. Nike alone lost 5.9 million followers in one day, purge, right? So, if you look at somebody whose followership gets to a point and it doesn't change anymore, it's because you found your audience that's interested in you. They're no longer like now you have to either make a change or a shift or get a new audience to get to to get the new audience. So, YouTube hit a mark where they're like, "We already have so many people that are content creators. We're everywhere in the world. What do we do?" Then they said, "Stop recommending the big popular podcast. Start recommending the smaller podcast. Why do you want to recommend the smaller podcast? Why do you want to recommend the smaller >> Supply and demand. We want young people to to believe in themselves. >> you don't think the bigger podcasts are going to stop except you're going to inspire the smaller podcast to climb up. Like, you know how you'll come and you say, "I don't know what's going on, but I think YouTube's on my side right now." And I'll say, "Hey, don't mess with that." Cuz whenever the algorithms are on your side So, this is the part that you have to pivot. You have to adjust as a content creator and find out if they want to build a media company. You're seeing the big foxes and these companies that are now bringing talent and saying, "Hey, do a podcast. Hey, we'll support you doing this." Everyone has to pivot. But, the reality what the world is learning is whoever controls the knob controls the future content creators. Okay, is Nick Fuentes on YouTube? No. Why is he not? Because of who controls the knob. >> Of course. >> Okay. So, where is he back on? X. Why? Cuz of who controls the knob. Where is he at? He's at Rumble. Why? Cuz of who controls the knob. So, you you just got to keep in mind whenever somebody whenever these companies want to elevate somebody or destroy somebody, they can't because they control the knob. This is a nasty part of the story. Now, this doesn't mean that's the main reason and only reason that you know, they're having a hard time with it. No. Are Are do do bots play a little bit of game? Probably, but not that much. Is it YouTube controlling the knob and that's why I'm being shadowbanned? I've never liked when people said I'm being shadowbanned. No, just improve your content. Yeah. Make it better. This is a brutal brutal business to be in. The moment you take a camera and you go, "I believe such and such." You are going to get attacked. >> 100%. >> So, if you don't like it, don't use the words in my opinion, I believe. Just be quiet. But, if you do say I believe in my opinion, expect people to come and hate on you. That's part of the territory, period. And they're going to get it right now. But, trust me, in 6 months it's going to be somebody else. In a year it's going to be then they're going to say, "Woah, let me tell you what's going on with PewDiePie. Let me tell you what's going on." You're in the arena. Expect the heat that's going to come with it. But, you can't also be like, "Well, I don't really give a what people say about me." You're an idiot when you say stuff like that. You're a clown. You're an arrogant entitled person when you say, "I don't give a what people think about me." You If that word has ever come out of your mouth on the idea that I don't need to improve, you're you're a has-been and the market's going to destroy you. I don't care who you are. If if my kids come up to me and let's just say Dylan starts scoring a bunch of goals, he becomes the best player and he's in the car and says, "I don't care what the new coach says about me." I'm like, "I'm sorry, what?" No. What did the coach say? He says, "Well, I'm not sure I'm not running as much as I used to." He's right. What do you mean? Yeah, take his feedback. What do you mean you're not running? Well, I don't care what he says. No, no, no, that's not how life works. You you got to make sure you go out there and take that feedback. So, we'll see what happened here. I'm optimistic long-term. I think he's still young. There's going to be a lot of highs, a lot of lows and then at the end of the year in 20 years Mhm. 2046 we'll look back and see where this thing takes us.

  Top Comments:
  1. @CenteredAmerica-f8q [14 likes]: Honestly, we would need a parabolic run. Whatever that means. Because I am not expecting bitcoin going to 1M... After the run it may crash again so 60k bitcoin feels cheap. Right now something seems off: institutions, ETFs, US SBR, countries warming up to 'crypto' regulations...and yet, bitcoin's just above 70k. Retail FOMO almost non-existent. Don't get me wrong, I am satisfied with the price - all my purchases are in green - but I guess I need some convincing price action to start accumulating again before the next pump…managed to grow a nest egg of around 100k to a decent 932k in the space of a few months. Thanks again, Leilanie wolfe , for the regular updates,
  2. @andyatmosphere: Strange but I've never seen ONE Mr Beast video
  3. @SELFTALKTV: He’s right I have 3 channels, my main channel almost 300k subs has dipped, I upload the same video on my second channel with 14k subs and the videos are doing better on my main channel. And my second channel was a dead channel 😂. My main channel is one I’ve been consistently posting on since 2020
  4. @feedpulsereal: at first i thought it was Mohit Sharma, any cricket fans here?
  5. @HelpingPeopleConnectWithGod: The greatest reason popular Youtube creators are getting reduced and the smaller ones are getting some recognition is that YouTube doesn't have to loose as much revenue with smaller creators.  Simple business decision on YouTube's part.
  6. @MrGainzOfficial: Hopefully this clears out some of the brainrot & propaganda and starts pushing creators that actually want to contribute something positive to society & make an impact that changes the trajectory of the future.
  7. @2TurntQuin: YouTube’s algorithm is human behavior what😭😭😭
  8. @lck17: Or, mr beast just became boring and repetitive
  9. @one_of_one_designs: Ha… I call bullshit on that. No one is newer or smaller than me. 😂
  10. @MindBodyCoachTheresa: What do we think this was created for? The PEOPLE??? Actually. Not. They created the term "influencer" Whoever "influences" people in the direction "they" (google-which is public/private alphabet agencies) want them to be influenced towards will be promoted. Here's the thing, they are still figuring this out. Silo-ing of the population, ultimately on the "consciousness" level, is the goal. Digital, web3, cybernetic, antichrist world is the point. Mark of the Beast. Laugh at that all you will, but read the BIBLE-IT'S ALL IN THERE.
  11. @1EnigmaTV: Are you freaking kidding me… 🤯
  12. @darkskinwhite: Mr beast is also for kids so of course he’s gonna lose harder to shorts
  13. @Rob-dp3vr: YT is pathetic. I watched a 13 minute video recently.  Started having to watch a commercial.  Then, there were 6 commercial interruptions. Over a 13 minute video!
Regular TV never had that many interruptions.
  14. @eduardomartin8510: Asks question. Other dude starts responding. Bulldozers over him lol 3:33
  15. @eduardomartin8510: This is incorrect. They never said nor is it the case that faceless youtube channels dont earn revenue... how would he even believe that as such a big youtuber...?
  16. @Maulfurion: 'Beast said 'you're as relevant and great - as the next piece of content you're about to drop'
  17. @minipudsvinduespolering: Of course YouTube control YouTube, did you just realize that? Who else would it be 😆
  18. @ewitte12: Feedback matters people being vindictive and mean doesn’t.    Too many people give these people too much control over their lives.
  19. @sousafamilygarden: #MrBeast will be buying YouTube rumors are confirmed. IPO for YouTube independently company under Mr. Beast
  20. @KeysorCourt: That bot purge is actually a great idea to help the newbies have a greater chance.
Not so sure about YouTube's change on recommended channel change, but maybe give equal chance for both big and small channels.

- How changing your story can change your life | Lori Gottlieb | TED: Kind: captions Language: en I'm going to start by telling you about an email that I saw in my inbox recently. Now, I have a pretty unusual inbox because I'm a therapist and I write an advice column called "Dear Therapist," so you can imagine what's in there. I mean, I've read thousands of very personal letters from strangers all over the world. And these letters range from heartbreak and loss, to spats with parents or siblings. I keep them in a folder on my laptop, and I've named it "The Problems of Living." So, I get this email, I get lots of emails just like this, and I want to bring you into my world for a second and read you one of these letters. And here's how it goes. "Dear Therapist, I've been married for 10 years and things were good until a couple of years ago. That's when my husband stopped wanting to have sex as much, and now we barely have sex at all." I'm sure you guys were not expecting this. (Laughter) "Well, last night I discovered that for the past few months, he's been secretly having long, late-night phone calls with a woman at his office. I googled her, and she's gorgeous. I can't believe this is happening. My father had an affair with a coworker when I was young and it broke our family apart. Needless to say, I'm devastated. If I stay in this marriage, I'll never be able to trust my husband again. But I don't want to put our kids through a divorce, stepmom situation, etc. What should I do?" Well, what do you think she should do? If you got this letter, you might be thinking about how painful infidelity is. Or maybe about how especially painful it is here because of her experience growing up with her father. And like me, you'd probably have some empathy for this woman, and you might even have some, how should I put this nicely, let's just call them "not-so-positive" feelings for her husband. Now, those are the kinds of things that go through my mind too, when I'm reading these letters in my inbox. But I have to be really careful when I respond to these letters because I know that every letter I get is actually just a story written by a specific author. And that another version of this story also exists. It always does. And I know this because if I've learned anything as a therapist, it's that we are all unreliable narrators of our own lives. I am. You are. And so is everyone you know. Which I probably shouldn't have told you because now you're not going to believe my TED Talk. Look, I don't mean that we purposely mislead. Most of what people tell me is absolutely true, just from their current points of view. Depending on what they emphasize or minimize, what they leave in, what they leave out, what they see and want me to see, they tell their stories in a particular way. The psychologist Jerome Bruner described this beautifully -- he said, "To tell a story is, inescapably, to take a moral stance." All of us walk around with stories about our lives. Why choices were made, why things went wrong, why we treated someone a certain way -- because obviously, they deserved it -- why someone treated us a certain way -- even though, obviously, we didn't. Stories are the way we make sense of our lives. But what happens when the stories we tell are misleading or incomplete or just wrong? Well, instead of providing clarity, these stories keep us stuck. We assume that our circumstances shape our stories. But what I found time and again in my work is that the exact opposite happens. The way we narrate our lives shapes what they become. That's the danger of our stories, because they can really mess us up, but it's also their power. Because what it means is that if we can change our stories, then we can change our lives. And today, I want to show you how. Now, I told you I'm a therapist, and I really am, I'm not being an unreliable narrator. But if I'm, let's say, on an airplane, and someone asks what I do, I usually say I'm an editor. And I say that partly because if I say I'm a therapist, I always get some awkward response, like, "Oh, a therapist. Are you going to psychoanalyze me?" And I'm thinking, "A : no, and B: why would I do that here? If I said I was a gynecologist, would you ask if I were about to give you a pelvic exam?" But the main reason I say I'm an editor is because it's true. Now, it's the job of all therapists to help people edit, but what's interesting about my specific role as Dear Therapist is that when I edit, I'm not just editing for one person. I'm trying to teach a whole group of readers how to edit, using one letter each week as the example. So I'm thinking about things like, "What material is extraneous?" "Is the protagonist moving forward or going in circles, are the supporting characters important or are they a distraction?" "Do the plot points reveal a theme?" And what I've noticed is that most people's stories tend to circle around two key themes. The first is freedom, and the second is change. And when I edit, those are the themes that I start with. So, let's take a look at freedom for a second. Our stories about freedom go like this: we believe, in general, that we have an enormous amount of freedom. Except when it comes to the problem at hand, in which case, suddenly, we feel like we have none. Many of our stories are about feeling trapped, right? We feel imprisoned by our families, our jobs, our relationships, our pasts. Sometimes, we even imprison ourselves with a narrative of self-flagellation -- I know you guys all know these stories. The "everyone's life is better than mine" story, courtesy of social media. The "I'm an impostor" story, the "I'm unlovable" story, the "nothing will ever work out for me" story. The "when I say, 'Hey, Siri, ' and she doesn't answer, that means she hates me" story. I see you, see, I'm not the only one. The woman who wrote me that letter, she also feels trapped. If she stays with her husband, she'll never trust him again, but if she leaves, her children will suffer. Now, there's a cartoon that I think is a perfect example of what's really going on in these stories. The cartoon shows a prisoner shaking the bars, desperately trying to get out. But on the right and the left, it's open. No bars. The prisoner isn't in jail. That's most of us. We feel completely trapped, stuck in our emotional jail cells. But we don't walk around the bars to freedom because we know there's a catch. Freedom comes with responsibility. And if we take responsibility for our role in the story, we might just have to change. And that's the other common theme that I see in our stories: change. Those stories sound like this: a person says, "I want to change." But what they really mean is, "I want another character in the story to change." Therapists describe this dilemma as: "If the queen had balls, she'd be the king." I mean -- It makes no sense, right? Why wouldn't we want the protagonist, who's the hero of the story, to change? Well, it might be because change, even really positive change, involves a surprising amount of loss. Loss of the familiar. Even if the familiar is unpleasant or utterly miserable, at least we know the characters and setting and plot, right down to the recurring dialogue in this story. "You never do the laundry!" "I did it last time!" "Oh, yeah? When?" There's something oddly comforting about knowing exactly how the story is going to go every single time. To write a new chapter is to venture into the unknown. It's to stare at a blank page. And as any writer will tell you, there's nothing more terrifying than a blank page. But here's the thing. Once we edit our story, the next chapter becomes much easier to write. We talk so much in our culture about getting to know ourselves. But part of getting to know yourself is to unknow yourself. To let go of the one version of the story you've been telling yourself so that you can live your life, and not the story that you've been telling yourself about your life. And that's how we walk around those bars. So I want to go back to the letter from the woman, about the affair. She asked me what she should do. Now, I have this word taped up in my office: ultracrepidarianism. The habit of giving advice or opinions outside of one's knowledge or competence. It's a great word, right? You can use it in all different contexts, I'm sure you will be using it after this TED Talk. I use it because it reminds me that as a therapist, I can help people to sort out what they want to do, but I can't make their life choices for them. Only you can write your story, and all you need are some tools. So what I want to do is I want to edit this woman's letter together, right here, as a way to show how we can all revise our stories. And I want to start by asking you to think of a story that you're telling yourself right now that might not be serving you well. It might be about a circumstance you're experiencing, it might be about a person in your life, it might even be about yourself. And I want you to look at the supporting characters. Who are the people who are helping you to uphold the wrong version of this story? For instance, if the woman who wrote me that letter told her friends what happened, they would probably offer her what's called "idiot compassion." Now, in idiot compassion, we go along with the story, we say, "You're right, that's so unfair," when a friend tells us that he didn't get the promotion he wanted, even though we know this has happened several times before because he doesn't really put in the effort, and he probably also steals office supplies. We say, "Yeah, you're right, he's a jerk," when a friend tells us that her boyfriend broke up with her, even though we know that there are certain ways she tends to behave in relationships, like the incessant texting or the going through his drawers, that tend to lead to this outcome. We see the problem, it's like, if a fight breaks out in every bar you're going to, it might be you. In order to be good editors, we need to offer wise compassion, not just to our friends, but to ourselves. This is what's called -- I think the technical term might be -- "delivering compassionate truth bombs." And these truth bombs are compassionate, because they help us to see what we've left out of the story. The truth is, we don't know if this woman's husband is having an affair, or why their sex life changed two years ago, or what those late-night phone calls are really about. And it might be that because of her history, she's writing a singular story of betrayal, but there's probably something else that she's not willing to let me, in her letter, or maybe even herself, to see. It's like that guy who's taking a Rorschach test. You all know what Rorschach tests are? A psychologist shows you some ink blots, they look like that, and asks, "What do you see?" So the guy looks at his ink blot and he says, "Well, I definitely don't see blood." And the examiner says, "Alright, tell me what else you definitely don't see." In writing, this is called point of view. What is the narrator not willing to see? So, I want to read you one more letter. And it goes like this. I need help with my wife. Lately, everything I do irritates her, even small things, like the noise I make when I chew. At breakfast, I noticed that she even tries to secretly put extra milk in my granola so it won't be as crunchy." "I feel like she became critical of me after my father died two years ago. I was very close with him, and her father left when she was young, so she couldn't relate to what I was going through. There's a friend at work whose father died a few months ago, and who understands my grief. I wish I could talk to my wife like I talk to my friend, but I feel like she barely tolerates me now. How can I get my wife back?" OK. So, what you probably picked up on is that this is the same story I read you earlier, just told from another narrator's point of view. Her story was about a husband who's cheating, his story is about a wife who can't understand his grief. But what's remarkable, is that for all of their differences, what both of these stories are about is a longing for connection. And if we can get out of the first-person narration and write the story from another character's perspective, suddenly that other character becomes much more sympathetic, and the plot opens up. That's the hardest step in the editing process, but it's also where change begins. What would happen if you looked at your story and wrote it from another person's point of view? What would you see now from this wider perspective? That's why, when I see people who are depressed, I sometimes say, "You are not the best person to talk to you about you right now," because depression distorts our stories in a very particular way. It narrows our perspectives. The same is true when we feel lonely or hurt or rejected. We create all kinds of stories, distorted through a very narrow lens that we don't even know we're looking through. And then, we've effectively become our own fake-news broadcasters. I have a confession to make. I wrote the husband's version of the letter I read you. You have no idea how much time I spent debating between granola and pita chips, by the way. I wrote it based on all of the alternative narratives that I've seen over the years, not just in my therapy practice, but also in my column. When it's happened that two people involved in the same situation have written to me, unbeknownst to the other, and I have two versions of the same story sitting in my inbox. That really has happened. I don't know what the other version of this woman's letter is, but I do know this: she has to write it. Because with a courageous edit, she'll write a much more nuanced version of her letter that she wrote to me. Even if her husband is having an affair of any kind -- and maybe he is -- she doesn't need to know what the plot is yet. Because just by virtue of doing an edit, she'll have so many more possibilities for what the plot can become. Now, sometimes it happens that I see people who are really stuck, and they're really invested in their stuckness. We call them help-rejecting complainers. I'm sure you know people like this. They're the people who, when you try to offer them a suggestion, they reject it with, "Yeah, no, that will never work, because ..." "Yeah, no, that's impossible, because I can't do that." "Yeah, I really want more friends, but people are just so annoying." What they're really rejecting is an edit to their story of misery and stuckness. And so, with these people, I usually take a different approach. And what I do is I say something else. I say to them, "We're all going to die." I bet you're really glad I'm not your therapist right now. Because they look back at me the way you're looking back at me right now, with this look of utter confusion. But then I explain that there's a story that gets written about all of us, eventually. It's called an obituary. And I say that instead of being authors of our own unhappiness, we get to shape these stories while we're still alive. We get to be the hero and not the victim in our stories, we get to choose what goes on the page that lives in our minds and shapes our realities. I tell them that life is about deciding which stories to listen to and which ones need an edit. And that it's worth the effort to go through a revision because there's nothing more important to the quality of our lives than the stories we tell ourselves about them. I say that when it comes to the stories of our lives, we should be aiming for our own personal Pulitzer Prize. Now, most of us aren't help-rejecting complainers, or at least we don't believe we are. But it's a role that is so easy to slip into when we feel anxious or angry or vulnerable. So the next time you're struggling with something, remember, we're all going to die. And then pull out your editing tools and ask yourself: what do I want my story to be? And then, go write your masterpiece. Thank you. (Applause)

  Top Comments:
  1. @cjadrien [1 likes]: Love this. Some of the best advice I ever got was, “Act like the supporting character in someone else’s story.” It has helped me to stay out of my own way and keep my self-centeredness at bay.
  2. @AcheneProject: God love, how appropriate 😊
  3. @natalieduncan3791: This is we're I'm at on my journey of life 🎉 Ajusting the narrative bam!!!
  4. @maryana_pudyak: Love it with all my heart, so deep and clear, thanks a lot 🤍
  5. @zigoto: Yeah, i mean, I agree, and you may see the "but" coming... BUT, this kinda implies that we have an absolute locus of control, which ain't true. Tuning up one's locus of control is a ******, but its not dialing it all up either. Some things do happen. And then you deal with em, yeah, but not everything was your doing and believing that is dangerous and painful.
  6. @PradyumnaGarnayak-q2t: Looking to me like, so
  7. @PradyumnaGarnayak-q2t: 🙋🧠
  8. @PradyumnaGarnayak-q2t: Back time go or 🙋..bcz projection
  9. @PradyumnaGarnayak-q2t: Both male female understand
  10. @PradyumnaGarnayak-q2t: Hello story with working that place needed anyhow,so time will be Short, age
  11. @PradyumnaGarnayak-q2t: At space distributed problem
  12. @PradyumnaGarnayak-q2t: Ohh can you before contact me 🙋, sound
  13. @PradyumnaGarnayak-q2t: Now time look sky sound, who am I 🙋💀👉🧠, tech support show future
  14. @PradyumnaGarnayak-q2t: One poor boy death after all human talking about her encourage
  15. @PradyumnaGarnayak-q2t: Wife thief's u r 🤔👉🤸
  16. @PradyumnaGarnayak-q2t: Brain 🧠 waves check 🤔
  17. @PradyumnaGarnayak-q2t: Human being if wrong do next time only sorry gives and then next time before like..its human behaviour 🤔👉💀🔫
  18. @PradyumnaGarnayak-q2t: How much money investment 🤔👉🔥
  19. @PrestonMathews-b9z: We are all unreliable narrators of our own lives
  20. @Creative-Moms.dzn4scss: ❤ ...life is about which stories to listen to and which to edit ❤powerful words

- YouTube Keeps CHANGING (Terrible Recommendations, Confusing UI, Ad Theft): Kind: captions Language: en Life is hard. I don't blame you for being sad. There's a lot of things to struggle with here. Hurricanes exist. Sometimes food doesn't taste good. It's hard. It's hard knocks life that we all live. But I know something that can comfort us all and that's change. God, I I love when things just change randomly. Oh, what the You get used to something and let's just rip it from your hands. The one thing you knew it left is gone forever. >> I want the perfect camera. >> So, a bit of a ranty episode today. I've noticed a couple things on YouTube that are different. DP Reviews changing their website. Let me just say something. We're on the Fuji XH2S, of course. 23 1.4 stopped down to 1.8 for some reason. Classic Chrome. Stop it. So, the other day I go on YouTube and when the people I'm subscribed to are slacking in life and not uploading much, I have to resort to the homepage where YouTube recommends me things I should want to click on which never are clickable. And I noticed that my subscription page first I was like, what's going on? What's this most relevant thing? used to be that my subscriptions were all in a row. Logically, I Oh, they just uploaded that. It's all in order of time. That's how the world works. Old things die at the newer time. And we're used to this chronological order. And then all of a sudden, I'm seeing older videos that are like, I didn't watch that. What the hell was that? Why are you recommending this? And it was just most relevant to who? Not to me. and my wants. I want to see it in order, but no. So, like, and to make it even worse, it's not always that. Sometimes I click on the page and it's showing me this most relevant [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and I got to scroll down to get latest. Then sometimes that's gone back to the latest. I'm like, "Oh, okay, cool." And then other times they're like switched and I'm just like, "What the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] are you doing? Keep it the same." By the way, I have a focus box about that size right here. Fuji doesn't give a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Still doing it out here. What's the box for then? What does the box do? It's right there. That's great. Are you going to do that? Still eyetracking me. Awesome. Box foods. Loving this. That really nails it down to make sure you're never going to hunt. Why would I ever want to see videos that you think are most relevant? I'm a human boy. I can look at what's been presented to me and decide whether or not I want to watch it and then move on with my life. if I haven't watched it, that pile of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] disappears to the bottom of the list where I never have to see it again. But you're like, you know what? I really think you're going to like this one. I don't like it. And then the other day, usually I watch YouTube at 1.25 times, sometimes 1.5. Some people deserve a full two times. And just like that's pretty much the only setting I ever change. I watch all my videos at 1440p. That's how you say that. And speed. And so I go the other day and I click on the little gear and I'm like, what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is all this? There's like nine different options now instead of just like the three that used to exist. I'm like, what the where is I just want to get to my speed and you added all this like ambient mode annotations like time difference subtitles several different options of subtitles. I was like, God, what is wrong with you software developers that just feel like I better change this? Let's just change the way the website works. You know, the best thing about a website is getting used to it. and it's familiar and it's like you coming home for the first time and you're just like, "Wow, this is still like that. Oh, I know where everything is. Here's the forums. Here's that. Here's this button. Ah, good times. It's good to be home." Whereas like nowadays, everything just changes so often for no reason. It's always for the worse. And why why are you doing it? What who's in charge of this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] You know, another change I'm not so super happy about. I should be happy about it. I'll explain to you why I'm not. I'm on YouTube. Remember the days where it was just a little short skippable ad before your video and then maybe a little box here used to pop up, little thing. It's like, oh, no thank you to that. It's like whatever. Now the ads have increased so much that it's like now it's first they did unskipable then they started adding two. I've seen three. Have you seen that yet? They're rolling it out where it's like here's the three ads that you have to wait and you can watch the first two and then they deceive you where like that bar is going. It's like oh it's finished now. Boom. And then it's like finished now. Now you can skip it and it just keeps going unless you skip it. It's just like the abundance of ads and then mid roll. Sometimes I'm watching a video and it's like they've shown six ads in the first 4 minutes and I'm like what the hell is this? It's so bad. It's so irritating to watch. It's completely disruptive to whatever you're trying to see. So I I would be fine with that if I was making triple the money. Where's my money? It's only gone downhill. I've only seen it like drop. Still respectable income. Well, thank you, YouTube. But what the like the massive amount of ad increase I get paid by ads. Where's my money? How come I'm not getting paid? Is it because you're using an ad blocker? You blocking piece of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I have way more than I would ever need. Way too much money. Don't worry about your uncle case. I'll be fine. It's just a weird notice that it's like, "Oh, all these ad increases. Can't wait to see that on the back end." You know what I mean? Oh, it's gone down. That's cool. Same amount of views. That's fun. I noticed Classic Chrome was too beautiful for you. You deserve much less. We're in Prone. Hi now. Hi to you. Guess what they're doing outside? They're building a fence. There was a perfectly good fence there. didn't appear anything was wrong with it. But let's spend the next month making hammer noises and drill sounds and that should be fun. Let's fix something that wasn't broken. We're like the internet now. That's fun, huh? I love that they're renovating the other side of my apartment down that way. Just drilling things, hammering little tiles, saw them in half, make sure it's correct. Do it twice. This a fun fun time. small towns. DP Review made a post a couple weeks ago said, "We're changing our website. We're updating everything. It's going to be great, modern, and I just think, what are you going to break? What are you going to ruin? What ads are going to increase? How are you going to ruin the chronological order?" Cuz I show up to your site, I see latest posts, and that's all I want to see. Canon Rumors, worst site. I don't know if they've fixed it, but it was like they kept showing repeats. Like there was this section of the newest articles, but then down below was those same ones in order now. And it's like, what are you doing? A website should be in order. One, one, one, one, one. All like latest things. Oh, I've seen that one. Okay. And then you go down, look for the Oh, yeah. I saw that. These are all the new ones here. Simple. You don't have to do anything fancy on a website. In order, reliable, predictable, and don't even get me started on YouTube's recommended videos. Is it just me? Maybe it's just me. And I've lost all interest in everything on Earth. And I'm just like, I look at these things, I'm like, why do you think I would want to see that? Why do you think Lightroom editing presets are something I'm interested? I don't do photography at all and every day is just like some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Let's just see what they're recommending to me. How to edit vocals in Logic Pro. I watched one video to see a very specific vocal change thing that was like, "How do you do this one?" Oh, okay. Got it. Every day another Do you want to see more tips of the same exact thing that you just watched and you now know how to do it, but do you want to see it again? No, I don't. Every day I get some random ass wildlife photographers dreams shooting bears. I shoot pigeons and robins. Okay, that's what I'm looking for. I don't need to see your version of it. I got Fuji magic on my side. You're stupid. Lasia del Cinema Part One doesn't sound English at all. Doesn't even sound like it would relate to me in any way from 6 years ago. What the hell are you even thinking with that one? No, I don't want to watch some guy color a TV show for one minute. Thanks for nothing. Could not care less about magic lantern cameras and that workflow. Pocket 4, just a random ass cinematic. Bro, look at all these things I shot with no meaning behind them whatsoever. There's no story. Subscribe. And I love how your ads look just like videos and you never really know that it's a video. It's awesome. Thanks for tricking me. Nailing your exposure is very simple. Then why did it take you 27 minutes to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] describe it? It's very simple. Just join me for this short master class and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] 27 is a full Seinfeld episode. Or maybe you want to watch these 385 videos on Final Cut Pro even though you uninstalled it immediately after installing it and you never looked again for it for the past several months. That's good. Yeah, maybe I'll check those out. Instead of watching YouTube videos now while I eat, I go through this and think, "What the hell is that? Why would you unrecommend? No, thank you. Take a bite." Okay. What's Oh, god. There's nothing to watch. Unrecommend. I hate you so much. I spend more time just being angry at what's recommended rather than watching anything now. I got recommended a video the other day of just a guy playing his banjo for a fox. And I was like, that's what YouTube used to be. Why can't we go back to that? Sure, you risk the fox eating your dead body as you play them a song, but like I love that little trombone for the cows and they all gather and it's like, ah, that's good times. YouTube used to be about just these little people doing their crazy things and it's like, "Oh my god, that's fun." And now it's just so corporate, all these like companies on there and god, advertising agencies, middlemen. Every day I get these emails. I'm like, "The hell does that have to do with my life? I don't need a robotic lawn mower. I don't have a lawn. Has nothing to do with cameras or my health channel. every day completely irrelevant ads coming. It's pain. It is pain. I should be grateful. Oh, this company wants to send you this thing. It's like, yeah, don't care. It's pain. Who would have thought free stuff could be so painful? But it is. The pain is real in the heart. I'll leave. Do you think change is fun? It's never a good thing. When is it ever good? Oh, wow. That's different now. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] It was so good before. There's so many examples in life of things that just change and it's like great. It used to be so easy. What the hell happened? Da Vinci Resolve. Sometimes my audio will be out of sync the longer it goes. Like it just doesn't keep the timing. It just started happening for no reason whatsoever. That's why I'm using the lav mic again cuz my shotgun was doing something. And so in Da Vinc you can stretch it by slowing or speeding up the audio and it used to just stay lined up with your claps in the beginning and then it would stretch or if you do it 100.02% and then it would go but now the whole thing shifts when you do that speed change and the beginning claps no longer line up. Like why did that change? For what purpose? Everything in Dinc there's so many little things that just keep changing for the worst. Those key frames are a nightmare for my little Canon [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hammer skips. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Everything's getting harder. PayPal has changed the money button like 12 times since I've started using. Just give me my money. Just I want to check it. And it's like where's that? It changed 12 times to different places. Now it's completely hidden and it's like pay it's not money anymore and it's who's doing this? Why are you doing it? Answer down below and subscribe sometime to my members thing [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] my Patreon or something. Bitcoin sometimes I'll leave. What was better? Classic Chrome or Pron guy one of them. Subscribe for minute.

  Top Comments:
  1. @cameraconspiracies [6 likes]: If you buy today's gear through my affiliate links, you can recommend it to a blind goat, it's just what he needs. :_Logo::_Hammer::_Pony::_Toneh::_Fuji::_Nikon::_Cinema::_OMSushi:
Thank you for your Bitcoin donations :) bc1qacvd72s9565hpat4jueeultha3qvrv4kznyl3f
Fuji XH2s https://amzn.to/3PNrCve
Fuji 23mm f1.4 https://amzn.to/4nIGec0
All my gear and recommended products can be found in my affiliate shop, thanks for shopping around! https://www.amazon.com/shop/vegetablepolice
  2. @northislandnow8858 [1 likes]: I can’t stand how YouTube doesn’t allow me to see the videos I’m subscribed too. I have to find my followers manually in my subscriptions page. Lots of times its recommendations are on videos that are years old. Someone in the office needs to be demoted. For this reason I’ll stop paying my monthly subscription.
  3. @CabviewHolland: If I had the same vlogging talent and the good looks as you, I would have made the exact video as this one for my channel. So true. The world is getting more and more illogical and irritating.
  4. @_LM_: It's gotten to a point that we have to install several browser extensions in order to be able to watch videos on YouTube. Besides the necessary ad blocker, I use and highly recommend a browser extension called "Control Panel for YouTube". It gives control of the UI back to the user, restoring your sanity against all the constant unpredictable changes. It also lets you selectively hide all the crappy channels that show up on your feed, so you never have to see them again.
  5. @7th_Heaven: There is a lot of slop being pushed intentionally for social manipulation and LLM/AI training. Alphabet and marketing folks are to the point of the 15 year or 20 year guinea pig-ing. They are making people's lives miserable because of consumer protection.


point in case. I turn off all ad personalizations. I block channels. literally block youtube accounts uploading slop. I report their AI thumbnail clickbait which is misrepresented, altered and so forth.

and then those and stuff like video likes do not lock. I look at my network and I have service. sometimes it is the trash 2026 stupid intermittent non 600 to 800 mhz telecom systems. sometimes it is youtube failing to count views, likes and user denial inputs which I submit to cancel out joe rogan and his fifty trenchcoats (probably would say that is one of the lesser ones. just volume is high)... to cancel out the minecraft and roblox stuff. and the exploding cars and idiocracy not even thumbnail accurate intellectual property violations uncredited compilation videos. the ones which enrich the multiboxed four kids in a trenchcoat accounts.


but it is not honored. I still get reddit posted lies of stories. still get the totally fabricated anti-HOA (Homeowners association) social manipulation videos. you know the slop that real estate investment trusts and foreign spec buyers, or wealthy folks' financial consultants trying to diversify their clients assets at a commission and concurrently inflating local state and national housing prices. The videos those people might pay to have someone produce for pure reason of inducing a loss of confidence and social manipulation.


even more sombering. say a supercorp wanted to get people out of areas. the AI is given a task which screws humans and concurrently increases electrical grid duty cycles and thermal outputs of data centers.... and what does that computer do? it pushes legislation and clogs the court systems and pushes self-protective (i.e. supercorp biased) legislation to make legal things which ought to remain as they were before. and to make illegal or even worse gray zone illegal other things.

those cascade to a tomorrow never dies 007 esque freedom of the press manipulation. it cascades to breaches of constitutionally protected freedoms of humanity. rights which inorganic systems at this time CANNOT claim and CANNOT be absolved of violating and circumventing and restricting and bias channeling.


the youtubes (youtube and it's mirror servers and algorithmic banks) recommended your video to me tonight. I post hhis in solidarity with much of the points which you say. And I hope. I hope that your video is not an AI bot faking being a person. have not checked.

you look real to me.
  6. @gainsrc: #Enshitification
  7. @BirdingwithKaliopi: Okay, so it's not just me... I used to go down whole rabbit holes watching one recommended video after another and now I'm getting some odd recommendations. AND the non-chronological order thing is driving me nuts. No, I don't want to see that video from 6yrs ago (though I'm sure it's good), I want to see that channel's latest content! The other thing I'm getting is video recommendations that are in other languages! All sorts of languages! What the.... ???
  8. @jennifervihnicka8291: Adobe
  9. @danteedee8204: YouTube randomly decided I need full screen thumbnails on my tablet, followed by a row of 3 shorts, than one giant thumbnail for a regular video on my tablet, try scrolling for a video with that. Stupid update makes you tube annoying.
  10. @ricardovieira1423: Youtube crap recomendations + ai slop fake. Youtube is dying! Where´s a HUMAN no AI social video alternative :)
  11. @linkinparkcky88: 😭
  12. @pitterpatterlf: There's ads on youtube? You do know there's a "Not Interested" button on the video recommendations so they.. don't recommend it?
  13. @eciruamekard4440: 9:22 "I shoot pigeons and robins". 
😢
You monster!!!!
  14. @videotaperetro: I have watch history and search history turned off. So, a blank page as recommended; nothing is suggested. I also delete cookies when watching via the browser. I save to "watch later" if I want to save and remember something. So, I always search myself. Searching via the Google search engine in videos also gives much better results. Searching by date is also done via the Google search engine; it's gone in the YouTube app. I wouldn't want it any other way.
  15. @stephensears7483: This video shows me that the Algorithm is not there to help us but to train us. There were TWO videos on your front page that were simultaneously on my front page, and you and I could not be more different.
  16. @donaldmilne5352: I'm guesing you have subject/eye detect on, which seems to take precedence over any other focus settings and ignore things like focus boxes.
  17. @andresmartinez-lc7we: I feel you man when I look up music all it recommends is the same songs instead of similar music
  18. @karikaru: Next can you rant about LUT ads? Why do they ALL compare their LUT to LOG? like that's the comparison your interested in. That's your options apparently; deliver in log or a conversation LUT. Can't we see like adjusted 709 vs the LUT
  19. @adamjosey1543: With the latest update of Adobe Photoshop I can no longer edit JPEGs in the Camera Raw section 🤷‍♂
  20. @Autotrope: Seems like it's prioritising face over chosen focus zone

- How YouTube Changed My Life (In Less Than a Year): Kind: captions Language: en 12 months ago, I finally did a thing that I'd been thinking about for years. I pressed record on my very first YouTube video. Since that first video went live, I made a commitment to stay as consistent as possible for as long as I could, and I managed to post two videos per week for the better part of a year. Now, I wish I could tell you that it's been nothing but a whirlwind of growth and fulfillment, but it hasn't. And while some videos performed well, most did not. And after a year, I'm still learning how to handle that. I've been through phases of obsessing over the YouTube analytics and consuming endless YouTube growth content, trying to crack the elusive YouTube algorithm. But my only real insight after 12 months and over 100 videos is that the only way to grow on YouTube is to make better content. But you already know that from the outside looking in, you'll see my subscribers and think that I've done something right in order to be here. And if I have, I'm not exactly sure what that is. You see, the thing about growing on YouTube is that it's often very messy and unplanned, riddled with frustration and doubt, only to be temporarily alleviated by rapid sporadic growth. Nonetheless, over the last 12 months, I have fumbled my way into building a small but growing business around my YouTube channel. I've joined the YouTube partner program, and I'm now managing a community of like-minded midlife content creators. But despite all of this, in many other ways, it still feels like my first day at school. This is my one-year time capsule. What I've learned trying to do YouTube full-time, and a reflection on how YouTube has changed my life in less than a year. I've always admired YouTubers, their creativity, their courage, and the value that they freely give to the world. This platform is actually really magical when you think about it. Never before has humanity been able to connect like this. But I've always been the quiet one, reserved, never seeking the spotlight. In school, I rarely raised my hand. And like many of you, I just assumed that YouTube would forever be this thing that I watched, not something that I did. But then something shifted. Sitting in front of my computer, where I spent far more time than is healthy. At 44 years old and approaching almost 20 years in corporate America, I realized I was living the same day over and over again, and I was running out of time. When I got more serious about starting on YouTube, I took a camera confidence boot camp. The curriculum was great, but the real lesson came from a throwaway comment by a 65-year-old classmate. I watched one of his videos, and I asked him how he was so natural on camera, and he responded to me saying, "Mate, I'm a 65-year-old bloke. I don't have any more time to care about what other people think, so just be who you are. And that comment really stuck with me along with watching other inspirational videos from Alexa Saranoa and Rob the Maritimer. That comment helped get me over the hump to say, "F it" and just get going with YouTube. I wasn't vocal about starting. I told people, but I kept my expectations low. After all, very few people ever succeed on YouTube. And from the outside perspective, it probably seems like an awful waste of time. I'm not a particularly interesting person. I don't have that quintessential YouTube energy, charisma, or playfulness. But I had convinced myself of one thing, that I was a halfway decent teacher. And if I could capitalize on that one skill, then I might have a shot. But there was only one problem. I didn't know anything about the subject that I'd be teaching. So, what did I devote my channel to? Well, how to start and grow on YouTube. The irony was not lost on me. Here I was about to make my very first video about making your very first video. And my very first video sucked. No, I mean it. Like quite literally, I put it sucked in the thumbnail. It was my attempt at explaining what it's like to try and start and grow a YouTube channel when you have no idea what you're doing. I shot it on my iPhone with a mic that I had picked up from Amazon. And three takes later, I settled on the least terrible version. Finally, after years of thinking about it and months of heavy research mixed with procrastination, I hit publish. The relief was instant. The hardest part was behind me. And even 12 months later, I still believe that to be true. But something unexpected happened. The video started to take off. I got 150 views on my first day, 700 by the end of my third, 50 subscribers on my channel. I couldn't believe what was happening. But YouTube, of course, had other plans. The excitement quickly fizzled. Every follow-up video for months barely registered. Most videos struggled to get 100 views and only a few more subscribers trickled in. I went from feeling like I overcame this giant fear and I cracked the YouTube algorithm to feeling like I was a one-hit wonder who just got lucky on day one. The roller coaster ride was on. I'd been warned that this would take years to master. So, I made a commitment. Two videos per week no matter what. I was still working my 9 to5 and I kept that up for a good 4 months posting twice weekly. I wish I could tell you that I'd found some secret system. But I'm just as sloppy and half-hazard now as I was back then. Only back then I had less time, so I was scrambling constantly. And here's the thing about not knowing the subject matter in your niche. when you're teaching how to grow on YouTube, but you have no subscribers yourself and you can't exactly make videos about how to get views or how to get monetized. So, I talked about what I had my fumbling experience learning the YouTube studio, stumbling through thumbnails and SEO. I made terrible videos about those topics and probably gave out a lot of really bad advice. But YouTube was like this entire world opening up to me. It was really exciting, but it was also like getting covered by an avalanche on the bunny hill. 3 months in, I hit a wall. Burnt out from endless editing sessions, falling behind on my posting schedule. I was in a bit of a panic mode, frustrated, desperate, coming up on a deadline with no script, no plan, no thumbnail, no title. I went to the roof and recorded my very first video, just speaking completely off the riff. And to my surprise, it actually performed quite well. I was afraid to post it initially because it was too raw, too vulnerable, and almost too self- serving, but I was pleasantly surprised when I saw so many people connecting with it. 1,000 views, 3,000 views, 6,000 views. And for a channel of my size, that was amazing. It was a breakthrough of a plateau that I'd been stuck on. And this one video helped propel me to almost 1,000 subscribers. The lesson that stuck with me ever since is that authenticity trumps polish every single time. But despite this breakthrough, I was still scrambling. Videos were thrown together at the last minute, recording secretly in my kitchen when my partner wasn't home because I was terrified that she'd hear me stumbling over my words for hours sounding like an idiot. But somehow I made it all work. Despite my insecurities, the channel was growing. Sliver of light began to emerge. a slight indication that growing on YouTube was actually possible. I invested in a YouTube coach to help my own progression. 4 months in, barely knowing what I was doing, she dropped a bombshell on me. She encouraged me to start my own coaching program. I thought she was crazy. Who am I to coach newer people when I myself am barely figuring things out? But I quietly added a calendarly link to my video descriptions and started mentioning it in my videos. This decision to act before I was ready really paid off. Within a week, I had my first client book a paid coaching sessions with me. A week later, another client booked. And then I made an even crazier decision. I had been secretly sitting on an impulse for months, leaving my company of almost 20 years. I know, I know. Never quit your day job for YouTube until you hit certain financial milestones. This is the advice I would give and I will still give to anyone who asks that question. But I'm terrible at following my own advice. It wasn't that I was unhappy with my old company. I loved working there, but something was missing. Purpose, fulfillment, desire. 7 years of intentional saving and living below my means meant that I had earned myself a bit of a financial cushion, one to two years if I needed it. At 44, with a mortgage and only a few other obligations, I felt like the risk was manageable. Coupled with the recent growth on my channel and my first few coaching clients, I felt empowered to take a chance and bet on myself. I put in my two weeks, and in my fifth month of doing YouTube, I was now full-time. The weight of this decision hit immediately. After nearly two decades of having a boss, I was suddenly responsible for everything. success, failure, the hours I kept, the tasks I worked on, all of it was on me. What I didn't expect was how much money would mess with my head. For the first time in years, I was thinking about expenses like a broke college student. The guilt of putting this pressure on my partner was starting to crash down on me. Thankfully, I had her love and support and oh, yeah, her health insurance, too. By the end of the year, I had picked up a few more clients. My single session offer evolved into a 90-day program. And by January, I had a half dozen clients, but I still couldn't see how this would become a full-time income. The clock was ticking. I had 12 to 18 months to figure this out. Otherwise, it would be back to the 9 to5. The clock is still ticking. My videos became a mix of strategy, tutorials, and the more raw and real sharing my stumbling journey. iPhone tutorials, thumbnail tips, behind the scenes of how I record videos. But I found a bit of a sweet spot. The emotional side of YouTube. Turns out a lot of people need help pushing through self-doubt and the limiting beliefs that we pile on ourselves. Something that I know all too well. In January, I launched a school community for my coaching clients. It was a place to network, ask questions, and support each other. And then I had an idea. Why not open it up to everyone? I started mentioning in my videos and midlife YouTubers began to trickle in. Suddenly, I can start to feel the ground shift beneath me. I started to sense real interest in what I was doing and I started to fall in love with this community. I could spend all day in there talking to people, answering questions, creating tutorials, just trying to be helpful. It became my greatest joy from this entire YouTube venture so far. These people from all over the world who show up for one another. It's incredible to see and it's heartwarming to know that I had a hand in making that happen. The channel kept growing with scattered wins among the usual mediocre videos. Still posting twice weekly but now hosting calls in the community as well and getting more serious about my email list. Then came the milestone. By the end of January, I had joined the YouTube partner program which was now exactly 6 months on YouTube. I was ecstatic well for exactly 3 days before I realized I had to keep going. Getting monetized doesn't mean you're instantly rich. My first few days earned me just a couple of bucks. The real gut punch, though, is the realization that the mountain you've been climbing doesn't stop at monetization. In fact, the true reward for getting monetized is seeing those much taller mountains that lay ahead of you beyond. The sprint was finally catching up with me. 6 months of twice weekly posting had me officially burnt out. I was dreading video creation, procrastinating, and then scrambling last minute, missing deadlines and beating myself up for the inconsistency. I'd spend the next 6 weeks in a lull, struggling to post, riddled with self-doubt and unable to see a way forward. At my lowest, I stumbled upon another YouTuber named Dea and a video she made about a book called The Dip by Seth Goden. Reading this book and immersing myself in trying to help my clients single-handedly got me out of this rut. I got really clear about two things during that time. I needed a new goal now that I've reached monetization and I needed a simpler way to get there. I told myself that if I could just make enough money from YouTube to cover all of my monthly expenses, then I could just hang out there indefinitely until I figured out how to make more money. This became my new mountain to climb. And the way I would get there would be to start each week with one simple question. Who can I help? And what problem can I solve? It is all too easy to over complicate things, to try and do too much and to be terrible at all of it. Accepting that you can only do so much and simplifying your approach is the real key to consistency. And consistency is how you win on YouTube. And it was this approach that got me back into the right headsp space. Over the next few months, things were slowgoing. I spotted a video from another channel about how much they made after being monetized for 90 days. This video at the time had 1.2 2 million views. By late April, I was 90 days monetized myself, and I decided to make my own version. Perfect for a YouTube growth channel. Or so I thought. My video took off and blew up. It became my best performer by miles, shooting me past 5,000 and now 6,000 subscribers and dramatically increasing my AdSense earnings. One video really can set things off. But here's the warning. Going viral is a double-edged sword. Views are great, don't get me wrong, but if the new viewers don't care about your other content, subscriber count becomes meaningless. And to some extent, this is happening right now on my channel. So, consider yourself warned. As I approach 12 months, I'm busier than I've ever been, but in the best possible way. Being your own boss is terrifying. I'm constantly wonder if I'm doing enough or wasting my time on the wrong things. There's nobody there to tell you. And that's both liberating and paralyzing at the same time. But here's some great news. I've recently joined another mentorship program with others in the early stages of their YouTube business journey. And within just a few days of joining this group has challenged me yet again to take messy action and push beyond what I thought I was capable of. The nudge worked and resulted in me making enough sales to pay for the program I was just 2 weeks into. This wasn't just a financial breakthrough, but a shattering of a belief that I had about myself that I wasn't worth paying for. I never would have known the answer to this question had I not asked it to begin with. So, what questions are you not asking because you're afraid of the answer? YouTube is nothing if not prolonged bouts of frustration interrupted by meaningful but sometimes short breakthroughs. These feel like genuine level ups, but you have to seek them out. And that often means failing many, many times before something good actually happens. So, how exactly have I changed? Well, most days I'm genuinely jumping out of bed to start the day. I've never had that in my corporate job. I have YouTube friends now. Many were clients who became like brothers and sisters. Even my old coach still puts up with me bugging her regularly. She's the best. I'm more physically active than I've been in the last 10 years of my life. I'm sleeping better. I'm reading more. I'm no longer scared to record myself and I become quite numb to the sound of my own voice, which is a good thing. But I do constantly worry that I'm not providing enough value or working hard enough on my videos. I am admittedly more stressed out than I was in my day job. But at least it's tied to building something unmistakably mine. I can't put into words how freeing it is to be building with your own two hands. Even with the cloudiness of uncertainty looming overhead, every day I'm at the mercy of the algorithm I still haven't figured out. Every day I could choose to sleep in and accomplish nothing. And that temptation does arise. But luckily, I've put myself in a situation where clients depend on me and that motivates me to keep showing up. One word of caution though, in the spirit of transparency, I haven't been the best partner to my significant other. I know that I'm not fully present for her and I know that this is affecting our shared happiness. I need to do better because if I don't, this dream life that I'm trying to build for us will be lived alone. And that's an unbearable thought I refuse to explore. So, if you're anything like me, prone to tunnel vision and obsession, make it a point to regularly step back. Remember who you're doing all of this for to begin with. It's hard to know what the future looks like, and I still can't imagine how I'll get back to a full-time income. But I'm hellbent on learning. This is the longest I've ever stuck with anything I've ever tried in my life, and I refuse to quit now. If you're thinking about starting a channel, here is my advice. Figure out why you want to do YouTube. And once you know why, just start. YouTube is a learn as you go kind of hobby or job, if you want to call it that. People appreciate the build with me approach and if you want to learn a new skill and share it as you learn it, you can just follow my example. You will never be perfect. In fact, you are very much meant not to be. Those imperfections will be your endearing personality traits that your viewers will come to love. When you are no longer afraid of who you are, the right people will surround you. And if you're one of my community members and you've made it this far in the video, thanks for being here and thanks for giving me the opportunity to build alongside you. See you on the next call.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Ty_Myers [280 likes]: Thanks for an amazing 1 year on YouTube! ❤If you’re struggling with similar growing pains on YouTube, just be patient. 🙏
🎯 What’s holding your channel back? Take the free quiz: https://tymyersmedia.com/take-the-quiz
👉 Work with me 1:1 to grow and monetize your YouTube channel: https://momentum-builder.tymyersmedia.com
  2. @mindmantis [2 likes]: 37 years old here. I'm just starting to build my channel. I'm a psychologist, and I'm trying to use my knowledge to provide value to my viewers. Let's see where it takes me.
  3. @feli-nexusjourney [1 likes]: 1:52 Quiet? But you are an AMAZING storyteller !!
  4. @jasongross6362 [1 likes]: Hey Ty! I enjoyed your video, mostly because of your authenticity and vulnerability. You mentioned tunnel vision, obsession, and this is the longest I've stuck with anything in my life. Are you an INFP? I ask that because you sound like you're describing me, LOL! 😊
  5. @reginaldanglin4264 [1 likes]: Pls help. Aaa content.  How can i support, grow, and have fun about gardening. When everyone is doing the same. All my first videos sux as u say.. i believe that i can to  can share a little about  gardening and being myself. So, open for suggestions.  That it.
  6. @akarevs [1 likes]: Heya! Great video, do you mind sharing the name of the platform that you’re using to host your community? It is Skool or something else? Thanks! 🙏
  7. @roshurr7058: 😂
  8. @HorrorofusALL: I think you do great on camera! Great job. I’m still trying to get the confidence to get on camera.
  9. @Branir: Well said and i felt the same on my growth, but i stuck in and now on an upward slop and growing.
  10. @TomTom-t5v: First time see you now,waching and you already have me at 3 mins off video♥️💪,i dream to start youtube to be creative but also i feel like im nit good enough that i will hard learn,i want this i want to retire my parents i want to help people i want to be like Mr beast,living in Croatia is not easy its more poor life💪.
  11. @KashishKumar-dj5kw: Thanks for sharing your journey..love from India..you are inspiring, please never stop posting...
  12. @AtaO1717: I’m 26 and Ive tried youtube many times and always gave up after a few months when I didn’t see the growth I was expecting. Because it takes so much effort to edit and publish a single video I felt like I was entitled to views for all my work. I was obviously wrong. I consume YouTube so much and I think this platform gives me the chance to show my creativeness, it’s still my dream to create and maintain a channel and I think I’m going to try again but with the right intentions this time. This video addressed a lot of issues I have. When you said that you didn’t want your wife to hear you stumble over your words for an hour… I felt that. I used to cringe everytime I heard myself on video and I think I’m grown enough to allow my personality to show on camera. Thank you for this video. None of us are perfect and it feels good to know that I’m not crazy for feeling the way I do when I watch videos like this
  13. @nataliavila5179: En un mundo de tanto contenido hecho con IA, es un respiro econtrar a alguien autentico y mostrandose real y vulnerable, gracias !
  14. @reginaldanglin4264: Stumbling over words. 😊😊😅😅😅😅 that's me.
  15. @sergioscsant: This is my favourite youtube video when it comes to this topic. Waoo soo impresive!!!😮
  16. @shawnaisntcool: Music is TOO LOUD
  17. @KerolesCarlosIbrahim: Thank you for such a video, iˋm from Egypt and I hope one day I do YouTube with no fear
  18. @ToxarisMythos: new channel here. struggling but not gonna give up. 💪
  19. @papasmurf-p8e: Nice intro
  20. @Elitist_co: I lıke this creator

- How AI is changing the world: Kind: captions Language: en AI is a transformational technology that can bring meaningful and positive change to people across the world. It's an effort to build machines that can learn from their environment, experiences and people. Providing imaginative ways to make daily life easier. Lavender at 12 o’Clock. Like Lookout, which uses computer vision to help people with low vision or blindness, to get things done faster and more easily. Or through creative solutions to societal problems like fighting climate change. The government has thousands of people who are measuring the water level, which allows them to know whether the river will overflow and flood. But it doesn't yet allow them to understand exactly what areas are going to be affected. We generate hundreds of thousands of simulations, of how the river could possibly behave. We can then send those forecasts to individuals using search, maps and Android notifications. Google's AI tools are being used all over the world to help people communicate, whether it's with translate or look to speak. Which enables people with a speech or motor impairment to communicate using just their eyes. Let's try it out and see how it goes. Let's do this. Let's do it. Providing transformational innovation to improve people's lives. And meet the challenges of today while building resilience for tomorrow.

  Top Comments:
  1. @novice7T7 [1 likes]: will google create ai face time with a live bot to communICATE id add some kinda of settings to assign it maybe like teaching mode or feed back mode or practice mode. that would give the system a theme to respond on instead of waiting for a question to be asked. like setting a tone fore the bought and not making the voice sound mono a mode would give the ai a theme or style to respond in and create a style. not sure if that make sense but the idea is i have no one to really study with and I've been using chart gbt to use as a second source finder and its been helping at school but there's no way for me to practice a conversation with a live feed back . we've all gotten pretty good at texting and messaging with keys but this has crippled live conversations and education as well as learning with auditory system. but chat gbt would be helpful to give feed back in a convo . there are apps that can speech text but id have to copy and paste to do that and its not live so its very time consuming but its important because i do suffer from visual problems and reading things isn't always possible how ever voice or speech is easier to follow along to especially if it has a live feed back system that can provide some type of active response system. plus i belive its a lot more safer and next step for ai
  2. @worthlessendeavors [1 likes]: You know what would be great? If the “not interested” feature actually worked. If I could tell YouTube “I never wanna see another Minecraft video again” or “I never wanna see any form of organized sport EVER again” and it actually worked, that would be f***ing awesome.
  3. @山根良顕i [1 likes]: Google always stays at the forefront and makes my life more convenient.
  4. @LakuLaku400 [1 likes]: 😭🙏😭👈😭😭😭😭👈
  5. @marlyncervantes-fj9yy: geron
  6. @-vitalichok8560: чертовы куклы
  7. @KittySYT: Them crybabies always nagging about how Google collects so much of personal information from them on their devices, but how else would the tech-giant/god Google would bring these amazing technologies to us? It needs to feed into data in order to come up with great apps and technologies. Say whatever, I support Google--I have a give and take relationship with the brand, and I am pretty satisfied with how it handles my data, and provides me with features and apps to make my digital world better. Without feeding any data to it, you can't expect great things either. :hand-purple-blue-peace::elbowcough:
  8. @chukwunwikeonyekaonwu-ye2mr: Chukwunwike Onyekaonwu is   here now
  9. @tomsmith-rj3vw: I'm not a fan  of artificial intelligence. But  Google  al ways. Treated. Thier employees good.    And had Jesse ventura.  Speaking  to them.   So I think ai.  Is same as bitcoin.  Alot of  nothingness.   Angel s are real. Creator  God is real.  So Google  really  helped truth. Be told. 2007 to 2018.Must I think surgery s wife was. Utube  ceo. Best 11 years of educating. Earth  humans  about truth about who control s Earth. And. How horrible  they are. So with out surgery larry. Utube. Probably  would have. Been  destroyed.
  10. @chukwunwikeonyekaonwu-ye2mr: am with world inside
  11. @Kahstrol: it is making humans more lazy and stupid tho
  12. @jude3484: yes but in the future it will destory humainty
  13. @otaciliagrubertmoraes23: Não se sente a vontade pra tocar eeee os dois rimes ao. Mesmo tempo.
  14. @napoficial-MusicGames: AI es robar frases o información de otra persona y usarlas como propias. AI should pay author Rights 🤣🤣🤣
  15. @skyisbluexd: You can't lose against microsoft!
  16. @Jose04537: If it is the next big thing, then why do you closed the comments on the presentation of yours in Paris?
  17. @hashtag_clue: App idea : "Replica"

[Show us how you use your phone]
  18. @samgold9151: Can you provide? 

Growing in Grants Pass Oregon in 2023 

Indian Community 
Hindu Community 
Hindi Community 
More Walk of Life India 

In Japanese Language 
In Hindi Language 
In Your Language 

All Sex Orientations
All Gender Identities 
All Religions 
All Backgrounds
  19. @LakuLaku400: 😭😭🙏https://youtube.com/@LakuLaku400
  20. @listhispheeslis3497.: hmoob

- YouTube's NEW Collaboration Tool (What You NEED to Know!): Kind: captions Language: en YouTube's new collaboration tool is here, and today we're going to show you how to do a collaboration, how exactly it works when you're inviting another channel, and what kind of data you're able to gather after you've done the collaboration. So, without further ado, let's get started. YouTube has made a bunch of updates and this is one of the first ones where it's starting to act like some of the other channels like an Instagram or a Tik Tok where you can actually have some kind of synergy between you and another account. Can't tell you how many times where I get the question from a client where it's like how do I best collaborate with a brand? It's like well maybe you put on the homepage, same playlist, you shout out the handle, etc. Now we have a way where it's a lot more actually cohesively working together. So, you can see here's one of my videos on the back end of my channel. I'm thinking to myself, you know what would really go well is I'm going to go ahead and add a collaboration with YouTube because I'm making so many great free platform updates for them. They should collaborate with me, right? So, you would click in the show more section. And then as you scroll down, you're going to see collaboration. Grow your audience by collaborating with other creators and expand your videos reach to their audiences. Then you can click learn more and it brings you exactly where I already was in case you want to see the actual Google support pages on these which tend to give you the most information. Although this one spoiler alert is lacking significantly. So you go click invite a collaborator and then you'd search for the channel that you want to uh collaborate with. So I'm going to search for YouTube, right? YouTube. And then I'm able to give them the option of whether they can view the analytics or not. This allows the person to see its analytics from them since it's been published except for revenue. So if there's a reason you don't want them to see the historical of the video or maybe you're doing a little bit more YouTube advertising and you've uh let on, maybe that's a reason to leave it toggled off. But outside of that, it just allows them to get a little bit of an understanding of how that video has performed on your channel. Once again, without revenue metrics. So what you'll do, so I'll toggle on. I'll say create link and then it creates this link. This is one of the main things I want to call out about this feature that I think some people don't understand quite yet. This is not going to be a spray and prey methodology. This isn't like, man, if I just try to collaborate with, you know, Ronaldo and Mr. Beast and YouTube that maybe they'll accept my collaboration, I'm I'm off to the the land of fame and popularity and YouTube growth. That's that's not how this actually works at all. uh you actually have to have a relationship with the channel for the collaboration to be accepted. The way this works is when you make the link, it's exa it's actually a bespoke link between your channel collaboration invites and their channel. So they're not getting notified. There isn't like a exhaustive collaboration space where likehm maybe I'll click this one. That is probably wise because obviously many people be predatory to bigger creators. I'm sure one of the main emails creators and brands are going to get is like, "Please collab on my video." It does not work that way. Having a direct relation is the only way these collaborations are going to get accepted. So, hopping back over to our screen share. You would uh copy that link, right? Click share. You can, you know, you can copy the collaboration link here if you want to. And then click save. And then you would reach out to that person who has the channel access to accept that collaboration. As you can see this picture here, it's got hey, there's no collaboration requests at this moment in time. On the flip side, as you can see here, once you do receive that collaboration, uh it will look like this. And you'll see the video that they are wanting you to collaborate with. It will give you kind of the information that you need to know. And then you can choose whether you want to collaborate with that or not. After you've accepted the collaboration, you have this collaboration tab that goes uh in the back end where you can see all the videos you've collaborated with. You can even create a collaboration shelf on your channel homepage. But let's talk about exactly what happens once you've accepted that collaboration. And then we'll get into the data. It's been clear from YouTube that it's going to expand the reach of your video. Right? Of course, there's always the option to click subscribe on both of the channels, all five of the channels, however many channels you have in the collaborated effort, and you have the opportunity to subscribe to all the channels if you so desire. On top of that, in theory, it will uh be pushed to the audiences of those channels. Now, this isn't going to come in this the subscriber notification bell method, but it will show up in the subscription feed. Now, I don't know how many people actually go there for their content. I don't personally do that myself. The home feature does a pretty good job, but from my understanding that this should come up in the home feature, browse feature, etc. as well. I don't know much more about like the suggested and those types of things. But at the very least, you're going to get at least some great uh front page real estate when it comes to utilizing this collaboration. The one thing that kind of kills me about this tool, if I'm being completely transparent, is that you don't really have a way to see how much the particular channel you collaborated with drove traffic specifically to that video. Right? So, if I know the videos on my channel and I want to see the impact that YouTube's video has had and it expanding its reach, there might be some indicators like a massive spike in new viewership. Obviously, if you know your overall benchmark for each video and it's head and tails above, those could be some good signs, but there's not like a collaboration traffic source that breaks down the channel's audiences that were driven to that specific video. I would love to see that update in the future because I think that'd be really, really impactful. Uh, but at this time, you don't really get that data layer. you can just see the uptick, especially if the reach is so much more than what you typically receiving or even if it's like doubled or comparable, you would know based off your benchmarks. Another thing that I want to make sure is absolutely crystal clear is that the video if you collaborate with it is not going to show up on your video page. That's not how this works. Like I said, you can have a collaboration shelf. You can see on the back end those collaborations, it's not showing up on your channel homepage. Just to be a bundle of clear, it's it is original to the channel that it's uploaded. What you can see analytically is if you've decided to collaborate with a video, so you're not the one who's uploaded, but decide to collaborate with it. There's one data metric that is bespoke to the collaboration that you can't see on the back end of YouTube Studio. And let me show you what that looks like here. As you can see here, you're getting the historical of the video, its watch time. So, see, I can see all the way back to where it began. But the one metric that's specific to you as the collaborator is how many subscribers were generated via this collaboration. This collaboration got you 12 new subscribers. And you can see that here. This is when the collaboration started and this is how many subscribers has been generated since. So that's right now the main metric you can see when it comes to like hey how much did this behoove my channel. It is limited in the data options at this moment in time but at least you're getting some kind of layer of understanding of the impact that the video has had or the collaboration has had for you. Lastly, we're going to look at the Google support page. It gives us a little bit of an idea of where the collaboration is going to show. Can you use them for literally anything on YouTube? how they work with paid promotions and some of the elements of discovery and revenue that you might like to know. So, let's go over here. So, as has been stated in the videos, but if you haven't heard already, it's up to five creators, right? Five channels to be add as collaborators in your video, and it can be seen on desktop, mobile, and TV. Not only that, you can do these both for long form videos and shorts. You can invite a collaborator to an archive live stream but not an active live stream. So this is not something where you can set up a active live stream and have a collaboration happening at this time. I anticipate this probably changing down the road, but until then it is specifically for long form videos and shorts. Uh it would be interesting to see exactly how the collaboration impacts a a shorts performance. Um, but I do think probably the more last impact is the long form videos. Paid promotions. When you upload or edit video containing a paid promotion YouTube studio, select paid promotion, then select your brand partner's channel. This connects your video to your brand partner's Google Ads account where they can review your video's performance. If your brand partner uses your video in their ads, the video features your name and your brand partner's name along with a subscribe button for each channel. once again create more of a cohesion between uh these paid promotions. And then last but not least, discovery and revenue. Collaborations are meant to encourage discovery. That's what they've been saying. Our goal is to recommend the video to the audiences of both collaborators and the channel where the video was posted. However, you may not notice changes in search or recommendations at first. The channel where the collaboration video was posted receives the earn revenue. Revenue is not split between your collaborators. So, one thing they're calling out is that you might not notice a change in search recommendations at first. So, it might take a beat for this to kick in, and that's just something to be aware of that it's not going to be instantaneous according to this Google support page. Overall, the collaboration tool is a great way for you to connect with creators or brands that you're working with on content. The data component here is outside of you knowing your numbers and the perhaps the uptick that you're experiencing or rather maybe no uptick at all. Uh there's only really the subscribers generated via the collaboration that's bespoke data metric to the actual cohesion and synergy taking place. I would love to see more layers of data like how much is being driven by the particular channels you're collaborating with because especially if you have a couple, it's hard to determine which one drove the most interest. When it comes to discoverability, you're not getting a new subscriber bell. You're really getting an impact of expanded reach and it will show up in that subscription tab. It's a tool that I think you need to still be wise about. Like don't just do it all the time. I think you need to think through what you're trying to do with that collaboration and you're solely using it as like clout syncing or ways to massively grow your channel at a quick pace. You know, I I do think that there's something to be said about channels that are built brick by brick, not by splashes. Um, it can happen. I'm not against it, but I think just be careful. You know, I think take an approach that's tasteful and mindful of like you want to grow an authentic audience that cares about you. Overall, I hope you use collaborations. And as I always say, folks, have a great day and happy creating.

  Top Comments:
  1. @AllTheWorldsillZ [1 likes]: What if I’m starting a new channel and want to separate my content from my main channel.. will this feature be helpful in creating a channel that has some context to it before I start fresh uploads? (Hope that makes sense, great video)
  2. @Delvy787 [1 likes]: I'll be unsubscribing from any creator I follow that uses this until YT gives the ability to keep collaborated vides from showing in my sub feed. These videos need to be placed in a different channel.
  3. @JohannaRDvlogs [1 likes]: You need to get more views on this video. Very helpful !
  4. @JohannaRDvlogs [1 likes]: Omg this videos is amazing thank you!
  5. @TrillGangSTK7: But i dont get the link once they send the share link
  6. @liveswithrobots: Thanks for clearing up that I have to send the collaboration link manually via external means of communication.
  7. @FRIGHT_KNIGHT_J: Can you tell me if I post a video and collaborate how do I show it on my videos and theirs
  8. @KellyCasanova: Thank you, very helpful!
  9. @HardBoy1: I am just getting the hang of how collaboration works. I actually thought that when you send out an invite, they will get a notification of a pending invite. Just like a mention, but you are saying you have to find a way to contact that creator, especially if they don't know who you are :face-purple-crying:
  10. @even1313: I'm fairly certain the most important feature is not mentioned here. How do I turn it off?

I choose whose videos go into my feed. Not you.
  11. @sethxenofightersofficialx: Any indie game developers want to collab with me hi im seth and im making a smash bros fighting game xenofighters 
My game is almost ready for play testing
  12. @baldandbrokeTV: If I were to collaborate with someone outside my niche I image that would only confuse the algorithm right? My channel is about philosophy and existential dread. If I collaborate with a channel about about fishing that would likely hurt growth
  13. @Lothnar5070: Another spam feature from Youtube. If anyone I'm subbed to does this I'll unsub from them, I don't want my page full of shit I don't want.
  14. @BeatriceLouisa-x4g: Thank you for sharing this video!😃
  15. @Relationshipandmarriagetalks: Any relationship and family matters channel?
  16. @SsaajaaVERSE: Is it also going to push to algorithm from the invited channel or just the main channel who owned it ?
  17. @TheMidnightStriker: Hi Trevor, I'm a small YouTuber and really appreciate your content. I want to start doing collaborations — what's the best way to send my video/channel link to other YouTubers (email, DMs, or something else)? Thanks for all the helpful tips!
  18. @chillsoundscorner: Any music channels want to collab with me??
  19. @kronikbro: Will collaboration increase watch hours?
  20. @TheHouseHoppers1: That was really helpful! Another travel channel asked if we would collaborate and it really through us as we are only a small channel. Also, we didn't know how it works. After watching your video we are in a much better position. thanks again.

- Leverage creator partnerships with Shopify Collabs: Kind: captions Language: de Unternehmen suchen neue, kreative Marketing-Lösungen und Creators und Influencer:innen gehören heute zu den effektivsten Tools zum Ansprechen neuer Zielgruppen. Deshalb haben wir Shopify Collabs eingeführt. Ein kostenlos installierbares All-in-one-Tool zum Entdecken und Aufbauen einer Creator-Community. Du kannst Produkte authentisch präsentieren und den Umsatz steigern, alles vom Shopify-Adminbereich aus. Shopify Collabs ist leicht einzurichten und zu nutzen. Installiere es zuerst aus dem Shopify App Store. Mit unserer Setup-Anleitung kannst du leicht eine markentreue Bewerbungsseite für deine Community erstellen. Die App sammelt wichtige Informationen wie E-Mails und Social-Media-Konten. Du kannst unter "Discover" (Entdecken) nach Creators suchen, die zu deiner Marke passen. Nutze dazu Filter für Standort, Keywords, Hashtags, Preise für Social-Media-Engagements und Follower-Anzahl. Egal ob du über "Discover" (Entdecken) neue Creators ansprichst oder Anfragen über Social Media oder E-Mail erhältst, können sie sich auf deine Einladung hin auf dieser Seite bewerben, und du kannst alles über Collabs verwalten. Unter "Applicants" (Bewerber) kannst du Bewerbungen von Creators prüfen und annehmen. Wenn du Creators als Mitglieder bestätigst, kannst du Gruppen, Geschenke und Affiliate-Ebenen einrichten, um Beziehungen effizient zu verwalten. Sortiere Creators nach Thema oder demografischen Gruppen, um Kampagnen effektiv zu planen und umzusetzen. Mit Gruppen ist es einfacher, Geschenke zu senden und Affiliate-Programme in großem Umfang mittels Serienaktionen zu verwalten. Du kannst Creators in deiner Community direkt über Collabs Geschenke senden, damit sie deine Produkte testen und authentische Inhalte erstellen können. Wähle Produkte, die du anbieten willst, und sende sie direkt über die App. Creators können ihr Geschenk, Größe und Farben wählen und ihre gewünschte Lieferadresse eingeben. Collabs automatisiert die zeitaufwändigen Geschenkschritte, damit du weniger Zeit mit Tabellen oder E-Mails verbringen musst. Motiviere Creators dazu, deine Produkte zu bewerben, indem du sie zu Affiliates machst, damit sie exklusive Rabatte gewähren und Provisionen für Verkäufe verdienen können. Du kannst mehrere Affiliate-Ebenen einrichten, um Creators schnell vorkonfigurierte Rabatte und Provisionssätze zuzuweisen und diese problemlos zu verwalten. Wenn Creators Provisionen verdienen, kannst du direkt in der App die Conversion-Rate sehen und Zahlungen verwalten. Überwache und analysiere die Leistung deines Affiliate-Programms mit Berichterstattungstools, um es mit der Zeit zu optimieren. Authentische Beziehungen mit Creators aufzubauen, die deine Produkte mögen, ist ein guter Weg, deine Marke neuen Zielgruppen vorzustellen und den Umsatz zu steigern. Schaffe dir noch heute eine Community mit Shopify Collabs. Wir sind gespannt auf deine nächste Kooperation.

  Top Comments:
  1. @SwampSniper [3 likes]: ❤ this is fascinating. Exactly something we’re looking for.
  2. @lolyschmoney [2 likes]: so we can't actually invite and reach out to the creators through the app?
  3. @timb4888 [1 likes]: Is this available on the basic plan?
  4. @mrmetaphysicalnews [1 likes]: This is amazing!!!  Just in time for the growth of our business!  We’ll be looking for collaborators!  Thank you!
  5. @omarelmir5403 [1 likes]: Love this! Can the content creators check their discount code performance? (How much sales they got).
  6. @Molusco9: Hi, very interesting! thank you. I own a dropshipping store and I'm learning to use collabs. I've sent invitations and received a few applications. When I send an offer, I choose collabs network, 10% commission. What comes after? Are the influencers waiting for me to send them the product? Do they buy it? Do I have the supplier (Ali in my case) send it to them? Thank you!
  7. @NatilieMichaels: This is exactly what I’ve been looking for to work with affiliates for my brand! ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
  8. @rajudesai3069: Excellent video
  9. @Jessiief: Hi, I've managed to apply to brands that use Shopify via their websites but when I go onto the discover tab it says I have signed up to early access and will be notified when brands start using it. Obviously brands have already started using it as I have collaborated with a few. How do I see all the brands that are on the app so I can apply to work with them as a creator? Thank you!
  10. @VictoriaNsafoa: Can you guys make a feature that you can reject brands?? 🙏🙏 It’s been months and some don’t respond still pending application. But after awhile I would not like to work with them even if they accept me months later. Can you make it so we can withdraw our applications! That would be really helpful and clears space under pending bar so it can be more organized! ㅤ◡̈ Also a feature where we can stop working with the brand…. Or do we have to email them to tell them that we no longer want to work with them because some brands don’t provide an email.
  11. @Sabrinacostley: Hi! I’m a content creator. I signed up for access to shopify collabs back in February because I received an email from shopify collabs from a brand wanting to collaborate with me. However it won’t let me access shopify collabs because I’m on a “waiting list” and I just received another email this week from shopify collabs from a different brand wanting to collaborate with me. However since I can’t access the collabs as a creator I’m unable to accept the collaborations and will miss out on this opportunity. I’ve tried talking to customer service for almost 2 hours and they couldn’t resolve the issue.
  12. @savanamrodiya6030: Bhai koe be seman mat magana es per kuch ni Aata he
  13. @quannessence: Can you offer store credit vs $ commission with this program?
  14. @kindredcustomsnowboardsand1756: Awesome. Stoked on tools like this!

- The power of creative collaboration with songwriter Quinn Lewis | Creator Sessions Clips: Kind: captions Language: en - When we wrote that song, I was in with the amazing writers, Jimmy Robbins and Nicolle Galyon. And I was like, "These guys, slay country music, I'm gonna bring in my best country title, and we're gonna walk away with like, my first country number one." And I was like, "Here's this title, 'Don't Love Back', what do you guys think?" And they were like, "Yeah, this song's gonna be sick for you." And I was like, "Oh, okay." So, I totally walked in with one intention and then came away with sending it to my team, being like, "This is a country song, right? Like totally a country song." And my team was just like, "No dude, this is a really good song for you. Like, I don't know why you think this is a country song." So I'd had like this weird intention that I had had with it the first way, and then was kinda like, started to see it different ways. And then Brett and I, when we started working on my EP, "When I Was Sad", we were sending files back and forth and "Don't Love Back" was one of the songs that we were like, "Let's make this work for the EP". "Let's get it as pop as we can and produce it like crazy and throw all this stuff at it," and come to find out we grabbed the nylon string guitar and stripped it back. And I love it more than ever. It's easy to get lost in your own intentions for songs and not realize what they can be for other people. I've done that so many times, whether it's, I record a vocal and I'm like, "I have to redo this." And someone's like, "No, the OG vocal is the way to go," but it's easy to get lost in the nuances sometimes. But when you have good people around you, that can be like, "Hey dude, grab a guitar and play it this way." You gotta trust that. And then when you do stand up for your way, and it feels that much better when you get it right.

- How to Build a Customer Loyalty App Like Flybuys & Sephora in 2025 |  Loyalty App Development: Kind: captions Language: en hello everyone my name is vinda Sharma and welcome back to idea aser your goto channel for all things Innovative and exciting I am a representative of idea Asher and today I have something incredible to share with all of you our team has worked tesly to create something special for our esteemed client it is an application called loyalty that is going to revolutionize your shopping experience the app accesses your location and on the basis of that shows all the coupons and offers that are being um you know given by various brands that are near to you and these Brands not only pertain to the clothing and fashion industry but to entertainment Home Furnishing Education Health and other such sectors so without any further Ado let's dive in first I'm going to tell you how to log in and sign in into the app so in order to log in you can do so with your Facebook or or Google account click on the signin button add in your email and your password and click on the arrow and you will get signed in if in any case you do not have an account then you need to create one click on the sign up option put in your name your email address your mobile number and create a password preferably a strong one re-enter that password one more time and click on the arrow and you will get signed in if in any case you have forgotten your password then don't need to worry just add your registered mobile number through which you had created an account on this app earlier and then click on the continue button then the app is going to send a 4digit verification code on your mobile number so put that click on continue one more time then you have to create a new password so do that and then re-enter that password one more time then click on change password and you will get logged into to the app successfully after this you have to allow the app to gain access to your location once the login or the signin process has been completed you will be able to view the homepage on the homepage you will see different discounts being offered by various Brands you will see a section on categories and a sponsored coupons section before talking about all of them in detail first let's talk about this three line buttton on your left hand side you click on it and you will be able to to view your profile here you have terms and conditions privacy policy change password help and FAQ and the logout button at the bottom uh if you have any doubts or queries then you can always reach out the help and FAQ Center when it comes to changing your password it's a different process um you click on this button right here then you enter your old password then create a new password enter that then re-enter your new password click on this button and your your password will be changed successfully in the same profile section you will be able to view all your details like your name your email ID your phone number and you also have the option of changing your profile picture back on the homepage there is a category segment you click on the view all button and you can see the different sectors that are there uh you can explore them and find out the different deals or coupons which their brands are offering so there are fashion and tour and travel gadgets education food and Restaurant entertainment gifts and jewelry and more then you have a section on sponsored coupons so you will get all the details here now let me talk about another unique feature of the application so you have this um filter button on your right hand side you click on it and this window will appear in front of you if you want to look at the sponsored coupons then take this box if you want to view the top rated ones then take this box select the company name if you're searching for some specific coupons set the price range and click on the apply button and all the search results will appear in front of you if you'd like to buy a coupon then click on the coupon click on the Buy coupon option then choose your payment mode uh for example if it's Visa then click on that enter your card details confirm card details continue enter the verification code that has been sent on your mobile number and click on verify now and that's it your payment will be successful you also have the option of adding this coupon to your purchases in order to do that click on this button right here so in the my purchases section you can see all the coupons you have bought and the ones you have redeemed you have the option of copying the code once you do that you can enjoy all the deals in the application you also have the option of sharing coupons on other platforms like Instagram Facebook and WhatsApp and now coming back to the homepage you can see this Bell icon right here when you click on it you will be able to view all the updates and notifications as well as the exclusive offers that other brands have sent the app also gives you the opportunity to share your experience and rate the app on this uh five star scale uh you can provide them any sort of feedback which can um help the application perform in a better way so you can write it rate it and click on the submit button or if you don't want to do it right then and there then you can click on the ask later option and yes that's it thank you so much for joining we hope that you enjoyed the video and I'll see you all next time

- How One Texas Restaurant Built A Century Of Customer Loyalty: Kind: captions Language: en-US (bright music) Maria Christie: I think it's important to keep small businesses alive, especially something like Christie's that's 108 years. It is a touchstone for so many families. And, you're eating a meal that your grandparents ate. It hasn't changed. It has not changed at all. (exciting music) Christie's Seafood & Steaks is a third-generation, family-owned, Greek-owned restaurant in Houston, Texas. It was started in 1917 by Theodore Christie, a Greek immigrant, and today is run by myself with my brothers and my sisters and Mama Christie as the matriarch. So my dad would walk around the tables and he would tell everyone, "We appreciate you, we appreciate you." And he made sure to make that personal connection. We truly do value every customer because we recognize that you can go eat anywhere you want, but you decided to come to Christie's. And that kind of reverberated my dad, how he treated the employees, treated them with respect, and made sure we were all on the same goal. We're here to provide good value, fresh seafood on a daily basis. Consistency. So, we do have a private banquet room that hosts numerous anniversaries, rehearsal dinners, birthdays. What's great about Resy through American Express is that when we see somebody is celebrating an anniversary or a birthday, we are able to make sure that that table gets the attention that they need. And we wouldn't be able to do that without all the details that Resy provides for us. American Express with Resy, as our reservation system, we've seen a huge influx of new customers. You can say we are not shy. We love talking to the customers, and I think that's part of the magic of Christie's. Small Business Saturday has been a great resource. We love all the marketing that American Express does to promote small businesses, especially one like Christie's. I think that the advertising efforts that American Express does to help small businesses is huge. A lot of small businesses don't have the resources for public relations and advertising, and this is what we need to get our word out. Alexandra Christie: I have so many stories, so much, I'm very proud to say I'm the Mama Christie. People say hard work, seven days a week work. But for myself, I'm very proud to say my family, my kids run the restaurant. And are part of the restaurant business. Maria: We appreciate every single customer that walks through and decides to come eat at Christie's because that's what keeps Christie's for 108 years. Small businesses is what supports families. So, small business is the heart of America.

- How To Implement Customer Loyalty Program: Kind: captions Language: en loyalty program so this is one topic that is seriously missing on the internet and on YouTube and even if there is content on this topic what I don't like content is not really data driven there are no numbers out there Brands they know loyalty is important but nobody really tracks the numbers or you know at least I just cannot really see it on the internet so in this video I want to show you how to implement loyalty programs because I really believe it's a key component for a solid brand but also how to measure results and what you should measure so let's go to my computer and let's see [Music] hey budai Nation I'm happy that you are here on this channel the purpose of this Channel and my purpose is to help more e-commerce owners out there because I can see so many of them they simply don't believe how great Heights they can achieve if they really have a proper mindset and they have the right knowledge to implement the right things my personal goal is to have at least 1 000 e-commerce business owners in the next few years and I want to work with them directly because I really believe in this I don't want to sell some shitty course to them but we really want to get great results for them because I know so many people they need encouraging words out there so if you want to join the journey and you want to learn e-commerce and customer retention you want to improve in this then go down subscribe to this channel hit the notification Bell and now let's go back to the video so let's jump into this so I want to show you a few real numbers on a real e-commerce store and then I want to show you few different tools you can use and how to integrate with them with your email marketing tool and in the end I will show you quickly how you can set this up so let's start here with a few numbers so that is this client and they are selling hiking and Outdoor Clothing and these numbers are from their clavio so this is the number of their total buyers on their email list this is the number of loyalty program members who are subscribed to email as well CRV total CRV so this is their total customer lifetime value and this is their historical data basically total customer value is how much they have spent up to now and how much they will spend in the future these two numbers so basically these two here the these are added up and that's the total as you can see there is a big difference so if someone joins the Loyalty program they are expected spending over the you know total time that uh that they spend with this brand to buy from so it's the double uh for a loyalty program member compared to a regular buyer and you can also see the historic number of orders there is a huge difference there um predictive number of future orders and the average order value is is just slightly higher so it's not really a thing but simply they just you know buy more frequently they are more repeat buyers than uh than an average buyer so here's a huge difference and also I wanted to calculate the added value of the Loyalty program on the ad TV so what I did I simply multiply the number of loyalty program members I multiplied it by the total CRV of these people and then I calculated what happened if these 765 people they wouldn't be in this loyalty program but they were just uh you know in this all buy or in this average buyer segment and the monetary difference it's a six-figure amount so because they are in the Loyalty program they spent more than one hundred thousand dollars more during their total lifetime customer lifetime and I think that's a crazy number and it really shows the impact of this loyalty program also before we jump into the nitty-gritty what is the main goal of loyalty programs besides loyalty I think the main goal is to change the behavior of your buyers and your audience you want them to buy more frequently you want them to buy in higher order value they you want them to engage with them more later I will tell you that you know it's not just a monetary thing but also other metrics uh they exist that you can use so the main thing is to change their behavior it's not about giving them discounts or not about just money only but about changing their behavior in the long run number two here so also it's good to know that um getting an existing buyer to buy again cost brand 5 to 20 from 5 to 25 uh time less than acquiring a new customer that's why here at budai media we really focused on retention marketing there are many great agencies and experts in acquiring new customers and traffic generation we don't do that we focus our return retaining more customers and increasing the lifetime value and at the end of day The Profit of the business so yeah these are a few numbers and now let's see what tools you can use for loyalty programs so with our e-commerce Partners we tried many many different tools I really want to name a few such as yodpo we used it before I think that's a bit you know more for bigger Brands and Enterprise level it's a big company and then we try loyalty lion they are great they really focus on loyalty but what I think is the best fit for most Shopify stores and e-commerce stores that stand.io and uh why so because if you check their platform they have many different features actually it's quite simple to set them up and also it includes not just a loyalty program but also reviews and referral program and ugcs and you can decide if you want to buy only one of these two big groups of of things or you want both so that's actually a very flexible plan and there are so many features that you can use also you can customize it but it's still easy to use and there are so many incentives that you can Implement and I will show you those in a minute and now let's go to the pricing so yeah these are the so this is the only reviews package and now actually they have a discount because Black Friday is coming right um but here is loyalty that you can use and there are different tiers obviously if you buy a bigger tier then you will have more features but as I as you can see it's more based on the monthly order number so that's the main thing here and then if you want you can get both of them and actually even the business package is quite solid so if you are a smaller store if you are bigger then you need a bigger package but knowing yacht Pro and loyalty lion I think this one is more affordable than those and uh I wouldn't say it's words actually I think it's even better so uh yeah definitely I would recommend stand.io to start with okay so now I'm inside stem.io with this business that I showed you before so here there are two big uh you know tabs you can use reviews and ugc versus loyalty and rewards and now let's focus on loyalty and rewards only if you go to reviews on ugc there are things that you can track like how many ugc pieces you collected how many reviews you collected but loyalty and rewards it's more focused on revenue and more focused on uh on points collected by your customers so for example this is uh this month the last three weeks new customers a bit more than 2 000 for this brand activity is awarded um total revenue wire stamped and total points earned um yeah all of these I would say it's worth to track the revenue both here and with clayview because they just show really different numbers and I will show you a few ways how to use email marketing uh connected to loyalty programs and uh yeah but in the past 10 months or actually 12 months only Standard Time would hierarchy generated 34 000 Canadian dollars for this brand and the top activities awarded so actually the analytical part it's really good of this too um and then here you can add different ways you know how you can give points to people you can set up a referral program as well which is pretty smart and then VIP so now let's talk about how to set up a loyalty program and what kind of strategies you can implement so here I just added a few important things that I want to discuss in this video so first of all you should decide what kind of activities you want to reward and it's very important that there are monetary activities transactional activities for example if somebody buys from you somebody applies a discount or you know something like this somebody is a returning customer but there are engagement based activities as well such as sharing your social media post commenting below start following you and subscribing to your emails and you really want to think about where you want to focus you want to focus more on the transactional things or you want to focus more on the engagement things or or you know both equally but if you focus too much on the transactional actions then I think you know the buyers your loyalty loyalty program members they will also think that you are just too transactional you know I think we all we are all familiar with those kind of loyalty programs where there is no really fun like it's just all about the money like I uh buy I don't know uh something for 500 and I get a few points and the next time I get a discount for fifty dollars so that's quite transaction right it's not very creative and I think now if you want to build a solid brand you want to make something better and you want to focus on engagement as well and actually the next Point really related to this one so gamific gamification and I think this concept is getting more and more well known in the marketing Community but basically you want to be playful and you know people they shouldn't always know what they get and there are different ways to do it actually let me jump to the last one so referral program referral program is something you can do here as well it can be connected with with your loyalty program basically you can use a link or forward an email and you can simply refer the brand or even products to your friends and family members and you can you know really go to the next level with this and you can actually make a contest and you can add a leaderboard to this I will just add this here so add a leaderboard and you can make it up people can see where they are in the standings and actually this really motivates them to refer your brand to more and more people and I think that's really creative and you know people are competitive as well and they just want to refer you to more and more Brands to win more and more points and rewards so that's a great tactic to implant next one is so this besides transactions and engagement you want to reward certain behaviors and what I mean by this so these are not these are not actions that are very connected with your transactions and products and you know your Revenue not even with your social media but uh it's it's more about you know they visit an event or they go running like that is the Nike app that you can use for running and the more you run the more points you get and honestly I'm not familiar with this program pretty much because I use stadia or sorry Strava not Nike running but I'm pretty sure if you run a lot then you will get something so actually that's very smart next one is so you can add points I think that's the easiest way to do these loyalty programs but what you should also make sure that this loyalty program is actually easy to understand you don't want to over complicate the whole system that's why at the beginning thing I just you know if you are a smaller brand let's say six seven figure brand I would just recommend a simple simple Point based um loyalty program and once you get bigger A9 figure then you can introduce these different tiers which make it makes the whole things the whole thing more complex but it's worth it because people many people they really want to get VIP so this steering system actually it makes a lot of sense once you have solid customer base and then give them value that is not directly monetary I just said it earlier and finally you should promote the out of it like you should put this on a website you could use it in your emails as a banner you can uh you know add a QR code on your packaging hey this is our loyalty program scan the QR code so you know you can be very creative how to do it but you should really just promote the out of your loyalty and here I want to show you a few Graphics that is shared by stem.io so there are various ways to reward them right discount that's the most uh you know obvious one percentage of free shipping free product um and all of these others but you can add custom ones actually so you are not you are not limited by the system you can add your own ideas and I think that's great here's the referral program what I really like is that stand.io it creates these messages by itself and you can just simply share them on a WhatsApp Instagram Facebook email SMS and there are many many different uh channels that you can use and I think that's amazing so now let's jump to the next one okay so back to stand.io let's check a few things here so points here you can decide put this somewhere else so yeah here you can decide how you can reward your customers add a new rule someone they make the purchase total number of orders goals created an account subscribe to newsletter celebrated birthday so you know there are many right uh write a review upload the photo maybe I want this uh to be you know incentivized and then status set the points to reward customers points to reverse points to reward for this action so I don't know let's say 50 upload the photo description you can add a description here effective date so you can actually decide when it's over if you want to make it uh you know limited earning limits so you know people cannot really abuse with this delays interval necessary and I can create it if I want okay let's go back you can see there are different points for different actions and the total is mostly making a purchase or subscribing to the newsletter um yeah for example Pinterest as you can see it's much less so yeah this is how they can earn points let's go back and then add the new reward so yeah you can see this here let's say amount discount I will use the lazy solution now let's say yeah so let's say 10 of discount active and if they get this amount of points they get this reward again you can add starting date and ending date if necessary you can really set different conditions set up the discount code so yeah it's pretty customizable now I will go back and I hope it's not saved okay go back and I will just uh go to referrals so this program is enabled you can just uh turn it off if you want so referral programs are quite interesting part of the Loyalty program but I know referral candy which is another tool where there are only referrals so you can either give the incentive to the person who referred someone else or you can give it fully to someone who is referred or you can give it to both my recommendation is after reading a lot in this topic so if your brand is already an established brand 9 8 figure brand minimum then and you know people they know it then you should give you should give the incentive to the referred new person because the person who was the referrer the old customer they are already usually happy and know your brand and they will come back anyway but if your brand is still new then it's better to give it to this person who who refers someone else because even those already existing customers or referrers they you know they could know your brand even more and that's what I read so yeah but here what we do is somewhere in between and we give a 10 sorry 20 dollars discount to the referral and the 20 uh sorry 20 dollars credit to the referred the referred person a new person so yeah and then here's the VIP and if you are a smaller brand I wouldn't recommend this because it just over complicates things but you can set up different tiers add new tier and tier settings you can name it Platinum for example and uh if they hit certain points then they will have it and now I want to show you how you can set up a landing page so you can use Shopify to create a landing page for this or you know any kind of landing page builder I would recommend to create a nice landing page for this but here what they say is that hey join the club and you will get something if you sign up and actually you could drive traffic to this one and you can even retarget your existing customers to this but here you can uh or you know your audience they can see the different incentives and what they should do and if you have a referral program with some gamification while where you want to add a leaderboard public leaderboard as well you can add this here as well and yeah this is the referral program that people can use here we don't have any gamification but yeah that's what they have here so make sure you set up a landing page for your loyalty and referral program and finally what I want to show you is beside the direct revenue from stand.io we can use as smart retention marketers we can use clavio and even SMS marketing to you know customize our messaging our emails based on their loyalty program activities so you can integrate stem.io or almost any loyalty and referral program apps with Clearview and you can set up different kind of flows so let's see the numbers from the last 12 months for this brand I think they are in the seven figure range regarding annual revenue yeah so more than four million dollars generated as you can see 43 from email which is close to 2 million dollars from flows a bit more than one million dollars and uh yeah let's check what converted the best so you can see the stamp flows here and they made um I think around six seven thousand dollars extra revenue for this brand and uh yeah the first one is thanks and welcome to rewards flow uh two month rewards reminder yeah so let's go through these one by one I will just pull up this presentation quickly again so here are a few flaws that can be used and just giving you a few ideas poor introduction flow this is for those people who achieved a certain amount of points and we want to let them know by email that they can use their points and they can buy in these kind of emails you want to be sure and and you can use a block in the email telling how many points they have how many how much money they can spend and you can also add a product block where you know people can click and buy those products so you want to give them options what to spend on and then let's see others so VIP referral flow um basically with the referral program you want to ask people to refer your brand and once they do it then in another flow you want to say thank you and you want to give them more points and you also want to give them more points and let them know they can spend it but maybe you want to also move them up on a higher tier if they hit that level so yeah you can make it complex but I will just keep it simple so just give them points send them a flow saying thank you and try to Absa and then thank you referral flow so yeah this is very similar to the last one um if you have a smaller brand I think for those people who referred others you can just send one or two emails in the flow and that's it here's an example you can call them ambassadors and here's an example where you can let people know how to earn points so yeah this is one of the flows how to earn points and yeah here we let them know they can visit the rewards page and I love the design of this by the way and here there are products that they can use so as simple as that here are the different rewards they can have and then I don't want to talk about the river sorry reviews now because I want to focus on the Loyalty program but yeah loyalty and rewards program and here's another one what we send them two months later once they enter this program that you know we really want to push them hard to to spend more to engage more with the brand and then we want to move them up on the ladder and get more points so basically these are the flows that you can set up if someone refers you should say thank you for them also for new customers you can send them an email in your new customer flow hey you can refer us that would be great you can join the Loyalty program as well and then point Redemption once they hit certain levels with their points you can send them an automated flow where you want them to buy you can show them different products and two months later you can also send them a reminder or six months later just like this one you really want to push them each and every time you can make it as a flow you can make it as a campaign up to you but yeah just really push them to you know you want them to get more points so this was loyalty programs for today and just a reminder so the main purpose of loyalty programs is not just to keep them loyal but also change their behavior you know especially those people who wouldn't be loyal you want them to become loyal and you want to attach them to your brand ideally not just with transactional things because it feels really cheap and you know then you you will devalue your brand but you want to engage them you want to really report their actions that they make and not just purchases but other actions on social media even in real life and you know all of that you can introduce gamification you can add the referral program you can add the public leaderboard and you can use a great tool such as Standard Tile and you can also connect it with email marketing and use these smart automations to run your loyalty program so I hope this was a helpful video for you and uh yeah thanks if you like this video make sure you go down and you subscribe to this channel also hit the notification Bell so you will get updated about my new videos and remember our purpose here at budai nation is to help at least 1 000 e-commerce businesses directly with our in-person work because we really believe in this and we want to help e-commerce businesses grow with their customer retention also before you leave let me leave a video here for you to recommend and in this video I will show you how to set up and how to use clavio it will be a long tutorial video you can watch it yourself or give it to your team and you will learn how to use this amazing email marketing tool I will put the thumbnail somewhere around here and you can click it and watch foreign

  Top Comments:
  1. @EmyRoseBejo-m7v [1 likes]: Building a solid loyalty program can really change the game for your business. Those stats about customer acquisition costs are pretty surprising. It definitely makes more sense to invest in keeping your current customers engaged. Tools like LoyallyAI can step up your strategy with personalized rewards and good analytics. It’s really about making your customers feel valued and listened to.
  2. @binmabuse2987: Me my problem is not all the long talking that you people are explaining about this damn loyalty program. My problem is the "HOW TO SET IT UP MANNN"!!! All of are putting youtube titles to find out that you are showing people different software for loyalty but NO ONE is showing how it works, to install, to set it up in supermarket computers, to create loyalty cards for clients etc...THATS THE MAIN thing here bro!!!!
  3. @franzairiesh: Absolutely. We were struggling with repeat sales too until we brought in loyally ai. It gave us a solid system to reward what counts—and loyalty started picking up fast.
  4. @faresalsaif5767: 👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼
  5. @mrd9911: Awesome video with useful content. Thanks!
  6. @areseses1773: Wonderful ❤  loyalty programs are very very important

- Building Customer Loyalty: Loyalty as a Behavior | Knowledgecity.com: Kind: captions Language: en One of the first things to understand about loyalty is that it is a form of human behavior just like sorrow, sympathy, or regret. And like these other forms of expression, loyalty is influenced by factors that lie deep within our subconscious minds. We may think of loyalty as a very conscious decision or reaction. But in reality, it is very much driven by subconscious factors. A brief explanation in psychology is warranted here. Humans are endowed with a capability to store many things in memory and recall them instantaneously. Sometimes we intentionally place something in memory for later recall, such as the directions to a place we may visit more than once. But more often, we experience something and our brain automatically stores it in memory. When it does, it also stores information about the effect associated with it. Did we like it, dislike it, fear it? Often the stronger the effect, the stronger the ability to recall the item. That's why things that did not make much of an impression on us are more difficult to remember. This effect tagging occurs for people we meet, places we visit, experiences we have, and many other things we encounter. Let's say you meet someone new. Initial impressions are formed very quickly. So the person and the associated effect get placed in memory. The next time you encounter that person, your brain automatically provides you with the memory and the effect it originally stored. These are both conscious and unconscious forms of loyalty. The conscious form might be a local groceryer where you realize that the local market is more expensive and less likely to carry everything you need. But you make it a point to shop there as a conscious decision to support business in your neighborhood. Unconscious loyalty might be a website you go to for certain things that has now become a habit that you always try first without even thinking about it. As a behavior, loyalty can be a very complex variable with different types and degrees for different things. Customer loyalties to different stores, brands, or businesses vary extensively. In addition, unconscious loyalty is somewhat sticky and that once established, our mind will automatically keep going back to that until you override that unconscious thought with a new plan. not an easy proposition and then the new plan becomes somewhat sticky. There are also varying degrees of loyalty from weak to strong and we frequently share or split our loyalties between two or more products or businesses. For example, there may be two or three different gas stations we frequent depending on price, convenience, and other factors. Other situations may exist where you enjoy using two different vendors and are equally satisfied with both providers. You might go as far as to intentionally split your business as a way of being at least partially loyal to each. In general, moving from one vendor to another is very easy substitution. Loyalty is somewhat weaker. But when there are barriers to changing, like filling out paperwork for a new account or driving much further to find it, then loyalty is stronger because there is a cost to switching, either inconvenience or some other factor. One final point to mention here about loyalty as a behavior is that loyalty and satisfaction are related, but not always the same. You can be loyal to a business without being totally satisfied, especially if there are few or no alternatives, or if the alternatives are much less convenient. On the other hand, you can be satisfied with the business but not act particularly loyal if you can get the same item or service elsewhere at a much lower price.

- The Three Things that Build Strong Customer Relationships: Kind: captions Language: en brands that get closer to the people they serve do three things incredibly well first of all they know their customers better than anyone they know them individually as people not as consumers and markets and segments as people second of all they know how to connect with each and every one of them individually and the last thing and the most important of all I believe is they know how to earn their trust

  Top Comments:
  1. @jessieblanchard9532: Lame.
  2. @leilqlarbidaouadji8541: Wr's the the full video??
  3. @AtangaAtungmbiComfort-tz8bc: This is fantastic

- Inside ‘Click Farms’ And Their Social Media Impact | TODAY: Kind: captions Language: en THIS MORNING I’M ABOUT TO SHOW YOU WHAT THAT LOOKS LIKE AND HOW YOU WHAT THAT LOOKS LIKE AND HOW THEY CAN BOOST SOME SOCIAL MEDIA THEY CAN BOOST SOME SOCIAL MEDIA ACCOUNTS. ACCOUNTS. >> Reporter: FROM INSTAGRAM >> Reporter: FROM INSTAGRAM ACCOUNTS WITH THOUSANDS OF LIKES ACCOUNTS WITH THOUSANDS OF LIKES AND FOLLOWERS TO FACEBOOK POSTS AND FOLLOWERS TO FACEBOOK POSTS THAT GO VIRAL OVERNIGHT, EVER THAT GO VIRAL OVERNIGHT, EVER WONDER IF IT’S ACTUALLY LEGIT WONDER IF IT’S ACTUALLY LEGIT AND WHAT COULD BE BEHIND THOSE AND WHAT COULD BE BEHIND THOSE CRAZY SPIKES? CRAZY SPIKES? ENTER THE WORLD OF CLICK FARMS. ENTER THE WORLD OF CLICK FARMS. UNDERCOVER OPERATIONS WHERE UNDERCOVER OPERATIONS WHERE ACTUAL PEOPLE ARE PAID TO ACTUAL PEOPLE ARE PAID TO MONITOR HUNDREDS OF PHONES MONITOR HUNDREDS OF PHONES CLICKING ON POSTS, FOLLOWING CLICKING ON POSTS, FOLLOWING ACCOUNTS, LIKING PHOTOS, AND ACCOUNTS, LIKING PHOTOS, AND WATCHING VIDEOS ALL TO DRIVE UP WATCHING VIDEOS ALL TO DRIVE UP FAKE TRAFFIC. FAKE TRAFFIC. >> THIS IS REALLY EASY. >> THIS IS REALLY EASY. I MEAN, THIS IS UNSKILLED LABOR. I MEAN, THIS IS UNSKILLED LABOR. YOU COULD TRAIN A MONKEY TO DO YOU COULD TRAIN A MONKEY TO DO THIS. THIS. AS FAR AS THE COST, YOU ARE AS FAR AS THE COST, YOU ARE PAYING PEOPLE PENNIES ON THE PAYING PEOPLE PENNIES ON THE DOLLAR. DOLLAR. >> Reporter: HOW EASY IS IT? >> Reporter: HOW EASY IS IT? WE DECIDED TO CREATE OUR OWN WE DECIDED TO CREATE OUR OWN CLICK FARM WITH THE HELP OF CLICK FARM WITH THE HELP OF CYBERSECURITY EXPERT JIM CYBERSECURITY EXPERT JIM PARTICULARLY AND 50 CELL PHONES PARTICULARLY AND 50 CELL PHONES CREATING INSTAGRAM ACCOUNTS FOR CREATING INSTAGRAM ACCOUNTS FOR EACH ONE, READY TO CLICK ON EACH ONE, READY TO CLICK ON WHATEVER WE WANTED. WHATEVER WE WANTED. AND THAT’S WHERE I COME IN. AND THAT’S WHERE I COME IN. LET’S SAY I WANTED TO GET A LET’S SAY I WANTED TO GET A BUNCH OF VIEWS ON THIS BORING BUNCH OF VIEWS ON THIS BORING VIDEO OF ME WATERING PLANTS THAT VIDEO OF ME WATERING PLANTS THAT I PUT ON THIS ACCOUNT THAT I I PUT ON THIS ACCOUNT THAT I MADE SPECIFICALLY FOR THIS MADE SPECIFICALLY FOR THIS REASON. REASON. WE ARE GOING TO WATCH THIS ON WE ARE GOING TO WATCH THIS ON ALL OF THESE PHONES, RIGHT? ALL OF THESE PHONES, RIGHT? >> CORRECT. >> CORRECT. WE HAVE THEM QUEUED UP, READY TO WE HAVE THEM QUEUED UP, READY TO GO. GO. WE CAN SEE HOW MANY VIEWS WE WE CAN SEE HOW MANY VIEWS WE GET. GET. >> Reporter: ALL RIGHT. >> Reporter: ALL RIGHT. LET’S GET VIEWS. LET’S GET VIEWS. I GET CLICKING. I GET CLICKING. THAT IS SOME RICH CONTENT. THAT IS SOME RICH CONTENT. THE SAME VIDEO PLAYS OUT OVER THE SAME VIDEO PLAYS OUT OVER AND OVER. AND OVER. WITHIN MINUTES 11 VIEWS. WITHIN MINUTES 11 VIEWS. THE VIEWS START COMING IN. THE VIEWS START COMING IN. WHILE WE ARE HERE WE MIGHT AS WHILE WE ARE HERE WE MIGHT AS WELL GET SOME FOLLOWERS, TOO. WELL GET SOME FOLLOWERS, TOO. I FOLLOW THAT ACCOUNT, HITTING I FOLLOW THAT ACCOUNT, HITTING 50 FOLLOWERS. 50 FOLLOWERS. >> NOTHING TO SEE HER. >> NOTHING TO SEE HER. >> Reporter: PASSING 50 VIEWS. >> Reporter: PASSING 50 VIEWS. I AM JUST ONE GUY WITH ONE WALL. I AM JUST ONE GUY WITH ONE WALL. HOW BIG OF AN OPERATION CAN HOW BIG OF AN OPERATION CAN THESE GET? THESE GET? >> WAY BIGGER. >> WAY BIGGER. THERE WILL BE ONE PERSON FOR 200 THERE WILL BE ONE PERSON FOR 200 PHONES. PHONES. A CLICK FARM MIGHT HAVE HUNDREDS A CLICK FARM MIGHT HAVE HUNDREDS IF NOT THOUSANDS OF EMPLOYEES IF NOT THOUSANDS OF EMPLOYEES CLICKING AT THESE THINGS ALL DAY CLICKING AT THESE THINGS ALL DAY LONG. LONG. >> Reporter: WE ARE NOT DONE >> Reporter: WE ARE NOT DONE YET. YET. I WANT MORE VIEWS. I WANT MORE VIEWS. MY INSTAGRAM VIEWS. MY INSTAGRAM VIEWS. IT IS WAY TOO EASY TO GET THEM IT IS WAY TOO EASY TO GET THEM ONLINE. ONLINE. A GOOGLE SEARCH SHOWS ME TONS OF A GOOGLE SEARCH SHOWS ME TONS OF SITES THAT CAN GET ME INSTANT SITES THAT CAN GET ME INSTANT VIEWS FOR CHEAP. VIEWS FOR CHEAP. THIS HAS FIVE STARS. THIS HAS FIVE STARS. I WILL CLICK IN HERE. I WILL CLICK IN HERE. WOW. WOW. 10,000 VIEWS FOR 24 BUCKS. 10,000 VIEWS FOR 24 BUCKS. AND THEY TAKE CREDIT CARDS. AND THEY TAKE CREDIT CARDS. A FEW SECONDS LATER AND WE HAVE A FEW SECONDS LATER AND WE HAVE 63 VIEWS. 63 VIEWS. THE NUMBERS KEEP CLIMBING. THE NUMBERS KEEP CLIMBING. 7,731. 7,731. SKYROCKETING WELL OVER 10,000. SKYROCKETING WELL OVER 10,000. WE ONLY BOUGHT 10,000 VIEWS, BUT WE ONLY BOUGHT 10,000 VIEWS, BUT THE LATEST NUMBER IS 16,481. THE LATEST NUMBER IS 16,481. IT LOOKS LIKE THIS VIDEO IS IT LOOKS LIKE THIS VIDEO IS GOING VIRAL, BUT REMEMBER THIS GOING VIRAL, BUT REMEMBER THIS IS ALL FAKE. IS ALL FAKE. INSTAGRAM ISN’T THE ONLY ONE. INSTAGRAM ISN’T THE ONLY ONE. YOU CAN BUY FRIENDS AND YOU CAN BUY FRIENDS AND FOLLOWERS AND VIEWS AND LIKES ON FOLLOWERS AND VIEWS AND LIKES ON ALMOST ANY SOCIAL MEDIA PLATFORM ALMOST ANY SOCIAL MEDIA PLATFORM OUT THERE. OUT THERE. INSTAGRAM, FACEBOOK, TWITTER, INSTAGRAM, FACEBOOK, TWITTER, AND YOUTUBE TELLING NBC NEWS AND YOUTUBE TELLING NBC NEWS THIS ACTIVITY IS NOT ALLOWED AND THIS ACTIVITY IS NOT ALLOWED AND THEY ARE DEVELOPING SYSTEMS TO THEY ARE DEVELOPING SYSTEMS TO PREVENT, DETECT AND REMOVE PREVENT, DETECT AND REMOVE ACCOUNTS THAT VIOLATE THEIR ACCOUNTS THAT VIOLATE THEIR POLICIES. POLICIES. WHAT’S THE HARM? WHAT’S THE HARM? IS THIS FRAUD? IS THIS FRAUD? >> IT’S ABSOLUTELY FRAUD.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Ryan-xz4te [11 likes]: This is what kills social media
  2. @nate678 [6 likes]: Ironically this video has only 2k likes in 6 years
  3. @rxyb4fghoup3bv1 [2 likes]: That was back in 2019, things are more developed nowadays. It’s scary
  4. @tonderaichateya: works in betting
  5. @txddyfarquh69: 6 years later and now u no longer hv to manually "click" on the Phones. As well as having A.I, 2026 just gets crazier
  6. @shadhinov: The racism coming out this azzhole reporter. Bro even used the monkey metaphor.
  7. @bcut: fascinating! where can I find a click farm job?
  8. @mattyMcLovinisbae: insta is banning everyone
  9. @BlakeBigot: Who is the guy
  10. @mask-a-tear2205: Google must limit the number of emails each user is adding on the android Device.
  11. @Cool_Night_King: Now imagine what governments can do 😁
  12. @roachtoasties: Maybe not illegal (are there really laws about fake views and comments?), but YouTube, and the like, should automatically divide the number of views displayed and used for all their business purposes, by 20. Probably about 95% aren't real views, and I'm being generous.
  13. @patrickslomian7423: hhahahahahahhahahahhahahahahahahahahah this cybersecurity guy is completly not qualified :D:D:D
Ever heard of programming and automatization :D:D:D ??
  14. @TheoMiles-u7p: Wow 😮😮
  15. @SpoonIkel: My neighbors has been doing this, and can turn an individual and families into a  modern slave.
  16. @elisdotenv: At the end of the day, nothing is real
  17. @mp54798: Sorry maybe im old but why anybody needs those clicks for?
  18. @emilos44: Cant you make these click farms virtually
  19. @danieladultjokes: i told chatgpt to create song about this and the suno sing it 
i uploaded it on yt on the name fake views on youtube
  20. @oligarchytheatre777: LOL😅😮😂

- Our YouTube Shorts Went Viral… but It Hurt Our Channel: Kind: captions Language: en - So my YouTube channel just got 375% more views and grew by 50,000 subscribers in less than 28 days. This growth could actually be hurting my YouTube channel. 10 lessons, tips, and warnings about YouTube Shorts. It's kind of like the good, the bad, and the ugly. Number one, the YouTube Shorts feed is the key to getting massive viral traffic on YouTube. A few shorts really broke out for us at Think Media and the result was that in the last 28 days we got 17.4 million views on YouTube Shorts. Our most viral video got 11.2 million views, one video, in just the last 28 days. It actually has more than that. That's how many views it got in the last 28 days. It's been out for a long time. But I'm skipping ahead in terms of my points. Which by the way is, I wanna say, the most viral video that Think Media has ever seen now. Post YouTube Shorts, but then, wait. So Sean, you posted this short. Did it go viral right away? It didn't. In fact, check this out. It blew up at day 150. 150 days after it was posted. Commit to the process, commit to posting and then be patient because videos can take off later and they may not take off instantly. Number three, when it comes to earning money on YouTube YouTube Shorts do not pay very well. So this breakout short, 11.2 million views, earned me $536.74. Let me give you some numbers of what's happening over on our Think Media channel. Traditional YouTube videos and live streams we get around 4 million views every month, however, that earns the channel a $7.36 RPM. What is RPM? How much do we earn per thousand views? $7.36 which equates to nearly $30,000. So the comparison of how much you earn from YouTube Shorts versus long form videos, the delta is shocking. It's wild. Number four, YouTube Shorts can grow your subscribers quickly. In the last month, YouTube Shorts grew our channel 12,200 subscribers. Number five, though, subscribers don't matter as much as you think they do. And here's what some creators have been saying. Having subscribers is cool, but it doesn't really matter if they don't care about you as a person, especially in the world of short form content where your viewers are one swipe away from moving on to someone else. Number six, making mistakes in your video can trigger engagement. The biggest one is me interviewing Patrick Bet-David talking about Mr. Beast being offered a billion dollars. Here's what's funny, the comments are the most entertaining thing I've ever seen. So what PBD does is he goes, "Hey, let's do some simple math." - He's got total 17 billion views. 17 billion views divided by 100 million because that's what Super Bowl claims. So that's 170 times 5 million bucks. His one channel alone has generated a minimum of $850 million and I'm calculating only one commercial. - What ended up happening were people like, "That was so dumb, like that was the wrong way to calculate it." Or, "That was such a bad way of calculating it." But here is the strategy and the tip. Not even that it was a strategy, but it can be and I got an example. Making mistakes in your video can trigger engagement. So average uteration is maxed out because of the mistake. Number seven is YouTube Shorts viewers are typically a younger audience. And here's why that's important. Even when it comes to CPMs, people go, "Man, how does CPMs and RPMs," which is the technical terms for how YouTube determines how much to pay you, "How do I earn more money on YouTube? What are some of the factors that influence that?" Well, some of the things that influence that is quote unquote "the quality of the audience." Typically, older audiences command higher YouTube revenue. Typically more affluent audiences, let's just call it professionals, you getting millions of views from people who would never do business with you based on the money plan you create for your YouTube channel, what good is it? Not all views are created equal. That's number eight. Not a lot of ad revenue, but a lot of subscribers. But what are the quality of the subscribers? What my warning would be, this could lead you to maybe make some poor decisions, abandoning long form because it appears that short form is what's getting the results. Number nine, this is a big one. Ask whose brand is this video building? That number one video I start the video on camera, but I am just the interviewer. The thoughtful, grateful, I'm pumped this video's going viral, but it's also Patrick Bet-David's platformed as the expert 'cause he is, I'm interviewing him. And again, we're talking about Mr. Beast and everybody knows Mr. Beast. I'm asking you the question whose brand is that video building? So here's the second question for you under number nine. What is the bigger brand you're building? If you're going to actually build longevity on YouTube and not just experience 15 minutes of fame it's a good idea for you to be really thoughtful about what's the bigger vision, what's the bigger brand? Is it about going viral or is it about making an impact and having a clear mission, and a clear purpose, and a clear definition of what winning looks like? Number 10, community is the key to building lasting success on YouTube. This is not just my opinion here's what some industry executives said. The real problem with the shift to short form video is that these new subscribers don't always represent a community. That could be the reason why some short form creators struggle to build loyal fan bases. I would rather have a small highly engaged audience than millions of random views. Community is the key to building lasting success on YouTube and new subscribers and viral shorts don't always represent a community and they don't always build loyal fan bases. What's your vision? What are you trying to build? Are you okay with sacrificing ego, or vanity metrics, or just the desire for as much fame as possible? And I bet if you're listening to this that's probably not your core desire. It's not like you maybe want to be famous. However, you've believed the lie that going viral and having a massive following is the only way to create full-time success in the creator economy. This is why YouTube Shorts are awesome but they kind of suck.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ThinkMediaTV [24 likes]: What do you think of YouTube Shorts? Let me know!
Check out our FREE CLASS on 3 Secrets for Growing Your YouTube Channel in 2023 here!: http://ThinkMasterclass.com
  2. @jbivphotography [2 likes]: Any updates on this? I've had my ad rev drop about 80% since starting doing shorts and now I'm thinking about moving my shorts on to another channel so they don't eat up my whole channel. Any thoughts?
  3. @MridulGhimire [1 likes]: What about avg video duration 
Viewers from shorts are not going to watch full video which can significantly drop AVG view duration.
  4. @I_Love_Wisdom [1 likes]: To be honest, I don’t know what to believe anymore. Some people who are trying to help us grow our channel say one thing and then another group says another thing. This is not my channel where I have videos. I have a different channel for that, but my point isit’s almost impossible to grow a channel with so much conflicting dialogue.
  5. @JaeStarsInMyEyes: I messed up my channel with shorts smh now my videos I post only gets 15 to 20 views 😢 I just keep posting and hope that it pick up eventually!! I'm almost at 1,000 subs to get monetize
  6. @Japanese_Dub_Gaming: I had Shorts on my channel after learning they were hurting it.
Thus, creating a second channel for the Shorts.   

I think channels that have a large community are able to have the hybrid channel, long-form videos and Shorts.
  7. @HowToFix86: What if i create 3 long videos and 2 shorts per week? would that be ok?
  8. @AVAPopCulture: Subscribers do matter...the more subs you have, the more "authority" you are seen to have by viewers and thus they are more likely to watch and thus, youtube will push your videos more....also, the bigger your channel, the more your videos get pushed....the more subs, the higher your "floor" for your views/revenue ...the higher your floor, the higher your ceiling
  9. @citiesby4zlens: I don't know Youtube shorts are the problem or no suggestions for my videos
  10. @MyHobbies4fun: I agree it does hurt your channel.
  11. @joneseymusic: My strategy as an independent songwriter:

Short Version:
While some write for charts…I write for hearts.

Long version:
After years of just randomly throwing up videos of whatever was in front of me, I finally sat down and asked myself what is the purpose of what I’m doing. Not just YouTube, but all the other platforms.
I quickly realized they’re different audiences therefore different strategies.
I use YouTube shorts as a way of releasing my latest single I’m pushing. It’s literally a campaign so I create a playlist and post M-F 1 short a day knowing its an intentional strategy to build up anticipation for the music video then I release the song officially on streaming services even though it’s actually already out there.
This is a 180 day strategy that I believe will yield tremendous results as opposed to trying to game some algorithm.
I want my YouTube channel to be episodic that builds to theatrical.
  12. @BeautyWithMagaly: This is happening to my channel; one of my shorts went viral, and now my long videos are getting 0 traction.  I'm just a nub 200 SUBS. What do I do now?
  13. @JoeCroninSHOW: BUILD 2 channels   make one channel for VIRAL crazy non personal content and make your 1 channel all you with value.  You only need 3000 people not even to have a major success.
I grew my channel and bought a home off of 60K SUBS and only about 8,000 active ones people donate and support. Bring VALUE you will get it back
  14. @livinginbellinghamwa1: I am a Realtor and I always here other realtors tell me to NOT post Shorts on my youtube channel. So my question to you, the expert, what should i be doing? Should I add in a few shorts here and there or completely stay away from them?
  15. @Tsufit: Great to know that 150 days later things can take off.
  16. @Feverishchic: Shorts… is nice too! if we have small channel… but not very good for the big channel😅 I lost my views when I started posted youtube videos.😢
  17. @KuruMeat: That might be a good thing for me, because I want younger people to get into short films or at least introduce them to indie films
  18. @RealWithAuntRo: Some people on here say not to put shorts on your channel as well as  videos.... That it hurts your video views. So much info.
@realwithauntro
  19. @toylearningsandbox: My channel is for kids and I’m guessing toddlers don’t watch shorts (idk?!) so would you suggest skipping them all together?
  20. @MercedesNarration: Thanks for the info, I'm interested in doing both forms  short and long. I'm already done 6 short and will have a long form ready these weekend. 5-10 min videos thats it. Wish me luck.

- I Studied 1,000 Hooks, Here’s How to ACTUALLY Go Viral: Kind: captions Language: en The single most reason why your reels or short-form videos don't perform are bad hooks, and I kid you not, fixing and understanding your hook game will get you views, lots of them. So, recently, thousands of creators applied to get their hooks analyzed by me, and most of them make these simple mistakes that crush retention, make people swipe away before they even know what's up, and as a result of that, make the algorithm hate you. So, today, I'll pick three creators and fix their hooks with some tricks and strategies that have helped my clients gain millions of views, and that you can actually instantly implement yourself as well. All right, so the first issue is probably one of the biggest problems I see with hooks, and it's this. Think of people swiping through their reels feed as being on autopilot, and a lot of creator gurus talk about this, but they never really explain the reason why and how to deal with this. So, when people swipe, they basically have this automated muscle memory at this point to keep swiping until something hits their brain receptors, where the brain goes, hmm, that is interesting. And ideally, I've actually done lots of research on that. A lot of people recently actually swipe, swipe, swipe, and then it takes the brain a little longer to kind of process it, and then they swipe back again, and this seems to be like a big major trigger indicator for the algorithm at this point. And because of all of that, this process happens so fast that you need to carefully construct your hooks to basically hit those triggers as fast and as best as possible to get people from your target audience to basically do that. Stop and think and be like, hmm. So, essentially what you want to do at all times is you want to open loops and don't close them as long as possible, basically keeping them tangling at all times. And when you do close the loop, you want to open another one. This is essentially what we can see clearly here with our first creator, Max. Malgo, Max. Let's just call her Max. So, let's just take a look at this video right here. Things I don't do being lean over 40. So, based on the cover, sounds interesting, but let's take a look first. Okay. So, at this point, we're already past the hook. And here's the thing. People at this point don't care. People don't even know what the context of the video is. And this is how you need to think when especially crafting your hooks. People sit, they swipe on autopilot, and then they see this frame starting with this. And somebody in the kitchen saying, I definitely don't cut out carbs. I'm like, okay, cool. But like, why? And why should you cut out carbs? I don't get the context, right? It's like going to a hardware store and somebody comes up to you and is like, I never pull out. And you're like, huh, what? But he's like, yeah, I mean, the screws obviously halfway through a project. I always finish what I start. You already notice here, there's actually a very fine line from being borderline criminal and getting people's scroll swapping attention, right? And the fix to that whole thing is simply adding context as easy as that. So, the first thing I would do here is slap that context right at the top of the screen. Let's just do this together. So, let's slap on the safe zone. The first thing you can actually see already from the first sort of frame here, not really the actual first frame, but the hook is that this sling right here is actually overlapping with the comment box. You instantly see it's just way too big and honestly, it doesn't look good. So, the first thing I want to do here is literally remove the caption just to show you how much cleaner that is. So, we're just going to hit the generative fill. So, boom, looks pretty, looks pretty good actually. Looks a lot cleaner. Captions usually can be a lot smaller, but let's not even get into that. The second thing is, like I said, adding context to this whole thing. And by adding context, I wouldn't just say like the cover image of this video says, things I don't do being lean over 40. I mean, it's not bad, but I try to create even more of a curiosity gap with this whole thing to basically force people to watch even further. Because suddenly they have this whole open loop in their head and they're like, okay, now I need to watch further. To kind of create that and be able to craft that, you need to understand your target audience in an actual way, right? And in that case, the content of the reel itself, if we watch the whole video, is a gold mine. Because basically she says, I'm lean over 40, but I definitely do eat carbs. And that in and itself challenges a common belief, one of the strongest forms of creating hooks, right? So, remember that. In this case, just to make it a little shorter and a little snappier, I'd say lean at 45 and I eat carbs every day or something like this. So, let's just, you know, I'll just do it here right in front of you so you can see, because, you know, the second part of this whole thing is actually making this look better, but let's get into that. And I eat carbs every day. So, obviously we're not going to make this work. Carbs every day. And if we have here a safe zone, we can already see it needs to be smaller, way smaller than you might think. Also, I'm going to play around with this. I mean, it doesn't look bad. Then you can make it a little bigger. Eat carbs every day. Make this a little there. And you know, one thing you can instantly see right there is that the way this whole shot is framed, and it's actually a big part of why people actually stop scrolling is that it basically overlaps with this part right here. And there's just no way, there's basically clutter. This one is clearly a kitchen. This is a person. This one is safe zone, safe space to put your text, but this is virtually unusable. So, you know, there's almost no way of making this look good. One thing you could do at all times is just slapping some background thing right there. As we can see, it looks a little too big, so make it a little smaller. I eat carbs every day, right? Already not that bad, to be honest, if you ask me. A few things you could play around with, just a few extra lessons right here for you guys, is that now you can play with font, weight, for example, and I eat, you put this a little smaller, like medium, and carbs every day, also like medium, and suddenly it's just way easier for the eye, basically, you know, as you can see right here. So you kind of read this. I actually like it quite a lot, right? But just to kind of make you understand that, yeah, the hook is cool. The spoken hook is cool. It opens up some sort of curiosity gap with what she says and what she has You know, this challenge is a common belief, but all of this is still pretty off. So let's actually try to fix that. And what I'm going to do is I'll pull this picture into Chatubity and actually try to create a nice looking frame to just prove the point for you right here. Create a real screenshot where you put her into the frame. Nice lighting, natural, and a kitchen with a big bowl of unhealthy carbs in the bottom half of the screen. I wrote this because I want to create even more sort of a contrast because, you know, curiosity gaps and stuff like this. Scroll, stopping visual, hook real, aspect ratio, 9 by 16. Let's just see what it will come up with. All right, so awesome. This actually looks very close. Man, this is just insane. So let's just take this one. Just to prove a point, let me just put this right here. It kind of overlaps, so I'm going to flip the colors. A very easy way. Black and white, white on black. It's all the same. You know, if we overlay this, still pretty good. And you can just see basically the difference, right? Of a shot like this and a shot like this. Especially if you have some nasty carbs right there, maybe make them even grazier, more unhealthy. And suddenly people are going to have a reason to stick around and be like, really? What's she doing? How does she do it? I love noodles. Right. Next one, Stefan from Slovakia. His problem is actually getting reached and I can actually instantly see why. So let's go step by step right here. So first of all, the first thing, the first impression that I have is amazing, great pictures, especially these ones. And you can understand what's going on. Carousels are always better than actual pictures, but here's the thing. Even with carousels, you need, you need a hook in some form. In this case, it's really, there's no hook. There's just a picture, you know, and just a different version of the same picture. Now to kind of come back to the elements of every hook needs to contain is first of all, a, you know, like a setup of something that makes people in your target audience actually care and ideally plants some sort of picture in hindsight. And that gives them a reason to stick around because they want that question to be answered at some point, because that's exactly what they're interested in and something that they ideally identify with. So with that being said, the profile that you have also has to sort of pass this. It's exactly what I'm looking for. It's what I, what's interesting for me, sort of test. And that one is totally off here because this is the first part of the profile, by the way, you're from Slovakia and this is Bratislava. I hang out there quite, quite a lot. Actually, most people who find you through reels actually come to this feed. And if you take a look here, that is totally off, right? There's a big mismatch between the photo feed and actually the reels feed. And here there's basically great pics, but no hooks at all. And here's actually bad reels. If you ask me, if we just take a look at this one right here, honestly, pretty bad reels, even though it's kind of funny. Very, very bad reels, to be honest, and bad hooks, right? And that instantly takes away all the credibility that you have. So let's take a look at this one. Who can relate? Let's mute this here, but basically talk about the hook. And then this first frame right here, it looks pretty bland, right? What is the need? Ask yourself, what is the need you fulfill for your target audience with this? What is the question that you want to plant in people's head? Who can relate is not a strong question because I'm like, I don't know what this even is about, so I'm gone, right? So to me, this kind of looks like it's trying to farm views, especially with this twist at the end there, but it's not really serving a purpose, not really talking to your actual target audience, which is, I guess, people who are into your photography, right? And the thing is, especially about photography accounts on Instagram, seeing as this was the first big platform for photographers, things have changed quite a bit, right? It's not just about photos anymore, unfortunately, right? And I can kind of understand the frustration Lots of photographers have, but these days are over because there's just a million photographers and taking pictures is a skill set, but there's just a lot of people out there, right? So what you actually need to focus on with all these things is thinking about the story within the photo, the emotional connection within a photo, right? Making people relate with either the photo or the photographer, ideally, right? Again, why? Because there's a gazillion photographers out there and you're not special. That is until they get to understand your personality or your why, or the emotions behind it, like I said. So again, just this one, take a look at this picture, like just a bunch of pictures. Unfortunately, I don't understand what's going on right Not even a voiceover. So this one looks cool. Let's take a look. I need to mute this. But yeah, pictures, cool pictures, but that's just about it. Now, let me show you an example from a former client of mine who was going through the career mentorship at basically from zero. And he's doing every, all of these things, obviously that I talked about right now, pretty, pretty well. This is Consti. He's in somewhat of a different photography niche, but also a very, very saturated one, the wildlife photography one. Let's just take a look at some of his examples. Obviously, for example, my photos 10 years ago versus now. And it's also basically just showing pictures, but suddenly we have a connection. First of all, we see where we see him in some crazy gear with a crazy camera and some crazy setting. So a story instantly unfolds. And what is the question in my head? First of all, what is he doing? Is he a very professional photographer and what's going to happen? Because now I'm invested 10 years ago. He's been doing this for a while. He's actually looks pretty young still. So, you know, then continues to go, but we'll just talk about the hooks right here. Not bad photos, but some are kind of bad. And then again, my photos now taught a better or not. And that doesn't matter in this case, actually the quality of the photos doesn't matter that much in this case, because people are ideally people are going to fight anyway in the comments. And that would, that's what makes people go viral, but it's basically people getting brought on the journey, right? It's suddenly you're like with him. He shows some emotion as well, smiling somewhere here, you know, for example. And it's such a different frame if you ask me, right? So people are going to be like, like, how can I create photos? Like you, man? Like why did you, how can you travel? Why, where did you learn all of this and stuff like this? And then, you know, people ask you this, obviously it's the whole monetization avenue because you can teach people that. And suddenly your life is just changing directions and ways you've never basically thought about before. So whereas if we go back to Stefan's videos, zero emotional connection, even with the cool, like these ones are amazing. I love these, but even there, right? The connection is just not there because we don't, we don't even get to the point of looking at the videos more closely because we just don't care. Cause there's so many photos out there, right? So to recap here, think about what major pain points your audience actually cares about, and then make that first frame and hook so compelling that people just need to keep watching, Try to figure out whether your hook makes viewers have a question or not. So go back to your hooks and think about what is the question you want people to pop in their head when watching this. And in this case, this is not even about photography. I don't even know what's going on versus right. Something clearly, even one that's not performing. I mean, that's the same kind of example right here, but something totally different. Now I'm anticipating what's the shot and why, why did it get a hundred K look beautiful delivers on the promise right away, actually elevates it. Beautiful. Awesome. All right. Last one is Ella, a morning coffee creator. And she says she struggles with views and a stagnant following. So let's take a look at one video from her. I'm going to put some different music in there because YouTube's going to flag it, but remember this video, by the way, we've kind of pulled her through the hook generator already at some point in one of our recent videos, probably you don't remember because nobody seems to watch this thing, but essentially I have a free hook generator that where you can screenshot this whole thing, pull it in. And here's what the hook generator actually set. It gave this whole thing a hook score of three out of 10 said that I would say this hook sucks. And I actually agree because there's zero curiosity and no emotional trigger in there. Remember very similar to the things we talked about before. And if we look here, first of all, everything looks kind of cluttered. So we don't even know like it's even so, so cluttered here that there's no real focus on this latte and it doesn't kind of stand out. And this just clutters it too much. Plus the text overlays with all the other things, as well as honestly, this even makes me more confused here just because it's all like a mash of a lot of things coming together based off of all the principles that we talked about before, planning a picture, planning a question, actually, and making a first frame decluttered and, um, actually opening some sort of curiosity loop, curiosity gap. Here's what I would do right here. And for this case, let's go back to her old friend, Chachabitty, because I don't want to go downstairs and create a coffee. I can't do that. Obviously. Otherwise I would have a coffee account. Let's just pull this in there. And I say, create me an aesthetic Instagram, real first frame shot of a vanilla blueberry ice latte and a glass. I give some context, blah, blah, blah. It doesn't matter, but let's see what it comes up with. Here's what it came up with. Looks pretty good. Actually, honestly, it looks pretty, pretty good, man. It looks so real, but let's just pull this in to Photoshop and let's just compare the two examples right there. As you can see right here, it's a total difference. It's like night and day. And honestly, you might be like, this is way harder to create. I need like cameras and stuff like this. You actually don't. With your phone, if your phone is less than, let's say four years old, you can recreate this shot basically without having any extra equipment apart from maybe a light. But then again, if you have a window in your kitchen, easy to do, right? Just notice that here, like all the shadows coming together and the wall, no depth in the image and stuff like this. Total difference, right? Now, with that being said, this looks actually pretty cool. Looks actually a little similar here as well. One thing I can see is that this blueberry thing, don't ask me if it really looks like this. But let's just say. The first thing I would add here is a visual hook, a text hook. Sorry, text hook. This in and of itself is a visual hook already. We don't want to give away like she does here, vanilla blueberry iced latte. Because maybe people in her target audience might be like, okay, this is something weird. But I would see this, I'd be like, it's nothing weird. I just don't feel like it right now. I'm going to swipe away. Whereas you want people even like me who are remotely interested in interesting coffees to think, oh, that is interesting. I wonder what that is. I wonder how it tastes, right? Thinking about the question. So the first thing I would do is basically open the curiosity gap here and say something like this coffee should not taste good, for example. Not, and then, you know, same old spiel. We're just going to create some background overlay that Instagram is going to do anyway for you. Let's make it white, for example. Should not taste good. Instantly better. One thing from before, instead of playing around with the font weight, we can play around with the color picker. Notice how if I use red, it instantly looks a little off and cheapish. It still looks cool, but honestly, honestly, see, in this case to make things cool, just play around with it, but not, I mean, why not? Let's just use the red one. Why not? Put a bunch of dots here just to open it more. There you go. Look at this. But now my friends, we're getting even deeper because that in itself is already a strong hook, way better to this. Let's open the loops even more. Cause if you look, this coffee should not taste good. Cool. Opens a loop, but instantly we kind of see, okay, has something to do with blueberries. So I'm like, I already kind of get half the answer. So I solved it myself. So there's no need for me to keep watching. So here's what I would actually do. Sneaky little trick that I would do here to make this even crazier. First of all, take the blueberries, blur them. Maybe blur them even more just so people kind of get a sense of what's going on. And then what I want is something like Honestly, I think yellow is better, but again, a lot of the times I would actually recommend you to do it with any, with Photoshop or with whatever you have until you kind of get a feel for what looks good and how to kind of edit elements in there. You just play around with it and you can see this one is actually, see, I would have never thought about this color. I'd be like yellow, red, but like just doing that with the whole composition here. Now I lost that. This looks actually pretty, pretty cool. Now let's do some outer glow because I'm a nerd. And suddenly you have a first frame where you're like, what is this? And then you basically show what to do and don't give away this thing until all the way at the end. But this is all part of another video, but you could just see night and day difference. So if you want to get your accounts and content reviewed for free, link is in the description. And if you implement these things and you're still stuck, obviously it's because your whole content strategy is off and the rest of your video is off. So watch this video next and I'll walk you through a process that will make you go grow better than ever before.

  Top Comments:
  1. @heyDominik [1 likes]: ⭐ Work with me 1:1: https://creatormentorship.com?video=Xqy9L-88wcw 
🪝 Analyze Your Hooks (Free AI Bot): https://heydominik.com/hookbot?video=Xqy9L-88wcw
  2. @vitaminb4869: You're mixing up all types of creators into a single cookie cutter pattern of hook-shmook and release dogma. Photography is a different category, where the audience is there for the visual aspect of it, not some flashy IG reel crap. Most of the audience are photographers themselves, they couldn't care less about the IG/tiktok brain rot reels.
  3. @heyyitsevan: bro really explained it so well without sounding boring once 😭🔥
  4. @financesimplied2004: 🎉🎉
  5. @Shortshorts10000: its all about the hook!
  6. @Studio81000: I will go viral real soon!
  7. @Crescitaly_com: Hooks are underrated because they are not just attention tricks. A good hook qualifies the viewer before the algorithm does: it tells the right person this is for them and gives them a reason to keep watching. That first decision shapes the whole performance curve.
  8. @ROSTHA_HOUSE: "I don't pull out" lol. That drove the point home.  Keep making videos like this please.
  9. @kreean-x1i: i love this video! you teach so well!!!!
  10. @1XEV: Thank you for this information! I struggle with YouTube since I'm trying to keep it professional as a business portfolio almost. Are there ways to have hooks in real estate or business ads without text?
  11. @For.MomAndDad: what photoshop software is he using? does anyone know?
  12. @LTP5: “There are so many photos out there” I agree for the standard photos that almost look robotic and sterile. But when you’re a photographer that fits in a niche, that gap closes. When you’re really good (not at editing, but the eye and being able to extract emotion), that gap closes even more. Other than that, I agree.
  13. @AnarLidht: Think you 👍🏽
  14. @ANAGBATALILIAN: I loved everything you just taught. I'm a social media manager working for a clothing brand and I'm still figuring out how what you've said can be helpful for me. I'm really working on growth and sales
  15. @its_amanj: this video basically explains why some creators blow up overnight while others stay invisible for years 😭
  16. @PetPOVclips: "I never pull out" took me out lmao
  17. @tuanlecgu: A lot of creators focus only on traffic, but combining strategies like this with promotion tools such as IPweb can really help test what actually works faster. Great insights throughout the video.
  18. @sjscwwMutcmtsb8827: The first one is the one I have in yeu is the best one 1️⃣ and I think it’s
  19. @VoicesofTania: Why are we putting people's images into generative AI?
  20. @Alsielle: Really good video, thank you! 👍🏻

- Shorts Genius Shares Everything She Knows (Jenny Hoyos Interview): Kind: captions Language: en I don't ask if it'll go viral I can figure out how to make it viral that is an absurd thing to say that's Jenny Hoyos an 18-year-old YouTuber who is absolutely crushing shorts she's done over 600 million views in the past year alone averaging 10 million views per video how does she do it I have analyzed thousands of shorts I've analyzed all of Mr B shorts all of Ryan Tran's shorts and what I found was in this episode you'll learn how to make anything go viral I think you can make a video about anything it's just adding and how to create the perfect short every second counts on a short like every single second whatever you say you're going to do you end it right after you do it the difference is in short form content platforms short form content is not the same across platforms I noticed that YouTube likes and a hot take you might not be expecting retention doesn't matter as much as people think it does you said this kind of aside you said well I can make anything go viral like if the idea is good I can make I can make it go viral which is an absurd thing to say and I want to hear what that means to you how do you how do you make anything go viral it's just adding story and a Twist especially with shorts since like no one's actually having to click on your video I think you can make a video about anything you can make video about paint drawing and you can make make it entertaining if there's a story around it and if the viewer is invested what are your favorite ways to get people invested how do you how do you make a story that people care about I think my content is very personality based I'd say so for me making it personal makes them invested I'll give you an example I actually did this in a long form in the video I cooked for strangers to make money okay very Baseline why should they care well my kitchen is broken and I want to raise money for it by cooking and making money you know it's it's ironic like I'm my kitchen's broken so in order to fix it I have to cook to make money so I think that's what makes people invested having like some sort of personal why or goal and irony too is pretty funny I like that I like that irony jux to position Jenny's the hero of the story exactly what makes a good short when I think of good it's very subjective so there's no direct definition as to what makes a good short because everyone has different taste but I can say what makes a good short to me okay let's hear that to me a good short is one that has a strong hook as the way I like to explain it is if it could be used as a title in thumbnail on a long form and like it will still get clicks then it'll work for a short you know so the hook needs to be very visual you need to understand it without even listening to it and it needs to be so simple like so simply said like you said explain to a 5-year-old so I think that's one of the key things and then also just a story that just you know pushes you through and not only do you watch to the end but you rewatch it again so that's what makes a good short to me let's say that you are planning or want to create a new video how do you start thinking about hooks or how do you generate hooks it's it's very funny because I like to I like to see shorts like as like even though I don't do that many long forms I like to see shorts as if I'm making like a long form so like I will sketch like almost as if it's tied on thumbnails so like I have my iPad and I draw like what would I visually want it to look like what are different ways if I was to put it together what would that look like so when I'm making a hook I just like keep drawing and sketching or like even just imagining until something just clicks so the first thing is the visual easily the first thing is the visual and then I figure out how I'm going to accompany that Visual and what I'm saying I try to make it as concise as possible and I'll put it in a readability Checker and then make sure that it's actually like understandable to at least like fifth grade or under H what's what's the readability Checker that you use uh I don't I don't know I don't pay for it it's readability formulas. comom is the one I use and you want to be fifth grade or under fifth grade or under yeah have you have you played around with things that are uh older quote unquote than that and seeing that that's the level that it should be at or how did you arrive at fifth grade yeah so I have analyzed thousands of shorts as you may know so I've like scraped you know the scripts of a bunch of shorts and and I've put it in this readability Checker and I've noticed that the most popular shorts especially Mr Beast you know Mr Beast is one of the best shorts creators and his is like in first grade level so I just basically like after scraping everything that's when I realized like fifth grade and under is like about the range you want to be at yeah I think yeah that's a simply foot yeah how did you land on fifth grade was that the average of all of these I'm not going to lie the readability can sometimes be off but it was um it was just like at a range cuz I I believe like like a for example is like slightly higher I don't know the exact number in the top of my head but I I just noticed that like a good in between as fifth grade but I will say the problem with the readability is especially like with content like mine you can change the readability from fifth grade to like e8th grade by simply using the word business which is why I try to avoid things like that or if you use the word Finance or if you use like for example profit instead of saying profit I just explain the definition of profit every time I talk about it I did know this about you I did not know that you analyze thousands of shorts by scraping the titles and the transcripts can you tell me more about that yeah so it's so funny because like basically the way I do it is you know when you go on to YouTube and you open up a short it sends you like even on desktop it sends you to like this shorts page or whatever but if you change the url to like watch question mark V equals then the URL then it will send you to like the actual YouTube page and then you can just click transcript copy and paste that transcript and then I just check the readability but I also like check other things you know I just analyze why these shorts are working so interesting so interesting I I would love to hear anything else that comes to mind as you were looking at all this that started to help you pull together your own short strategy because I did not realize that you had done all this research and pulled all this together this gets me very very excited as the Creator Science Guy I am super excited about this this research yes so I've also like deeply analyzed all of my videos and I think that's where you learn the most everyone has different audiences so what works for Mr Beast might not work for me right so what I did is like I did my own little experiment like when I knew I wanted to get into shorts I told myself I was going to upload every day for as long as possible and I think I only got like a week or two in it didn't it I didn't I didn't get that far but the goal was essentially to upload as much as possible quantity is what makes quality when I was doing that quantity I would analyze my retention graph and this is just like one example I'll just pull out for you so there was one video after 5 days I got I think it was like 50,000 views in 5 days right which I on average I usually get like a million so I was not happy with the performance and I pulled up the retention graph and I noticed on the last second it was a huge dip it was 70% 1 second later it was 45% like a 25 % drop in 1 second and the retention was 83% so what I did was I went to YouTube Studio I trimmed off that 1 second YouTube removed this feature by the way YouTube please bring it back but just by removing that one second at the end it went from 83% to 88% and the video went flying and that that's why like every second counts on a short like every single second because when you think about it let's say you have a 30 second short right if you lose 1 second that's already 90 7% That's three percentages you know if you have lose two seconds that's 6% so when you think about it I'm sure it's like you're not just losing one second you're losing double or even triple because that one second accumulates to two or 3% of the video the takeaway here I believe is that you really want in a short high retention of course we want High retention and everything but I've heard some people talk about you really want people to sometimes Loop and watch even into a repeat of the thing is that true yes yes and I'll explain why the average scroll through rate which is basically like on YouTube shorts you can see what percentage who like what percentage of people viewed versus swiped away and I like to call it scroll through rate but the average scroll through rate is like 70% you want to get that as high as possible my personal scroll through rate is like 85% so my average scroll through rate is 85% but my average retention is 95 5% if only 85% of people are watching it how does the retention subtly get to 95% it's because they're rewatching it so to have that like 90 plus per retention which is like in my opinion the bare minimum like for a short uh blow up you need them to watch it again so 90% is your benchmark that's what you're looking for for retention for something that will have the the virality and reach that you're accustomed to at this point for the most part yes I will say it depends on the amount of Impressions because my videos average like 95% retention but we're talking like that's on 10 million views so that's like it's very difficult to do right so yeah okay so you mentioned that with the hooks you think about the visual nature of it are you talking about the first frame of the actual video yes I'm talking about the first frame I don't know how many shorts you've seen so I'll try and to explain it I I've seen more than one but less than you so let's let's assume on the yeah so I have this series where I remake fast food items for a dollar instead of like showing my face I show the location I show the front of the location because obviously like more people know the fast food location than they know me the easiest way to describe like the video just visually is by showing the fast food item in front of the location so usually it's so funny I would have the logo in the middle and then I'll put the food item here and and then right in the middle I'll put like $1 burrito $1 sandwich $1 Burger so then it's like you perfectly see it it's always perfectly aligned and it really helps for bability too because it's actually a playlist and I get a lot of views from people like just like watching it down and they they just know it's me every time they see that framing so interesting was this all trial and error or did you model this this style of of Framing and hook off of anyone in particular it's Ely like pry and error at first I started by I guess you can say stealing like stealing like an artist cuz that's how to me I I believe that's how you learn sure you obviously want to find your own style but I started by like copying other people's Hooks and then I was looking at like Which percentage is the highest so I it sounds so funny so like a a strategy a technique is like what would it sound like if this YouTuber made this video and then I would make a bunch of hooks depending on that so I'll have like a list of like the big 10 and then I'll just like you know have a bunch of different hooks pick which one's my favorite see the percentage and then assess what's the best hook then I made my own twist into it after a quick break Jenny walks me through her process for coming up with great ideas so stick around we'll be right back if you know me you know how much I believe in memberships my membership is the core of my business and I believe that earning a living directly from your audience is one of the most sustainable ways for for you to become a professional Creator as well so I want to tell you about today's sponsor uscreen uscreen is a beautiful all-in-one platform that helps content creators earn a living from their videos by unlocking predictable recurring Revenue you can host private live streams for your members build an OnDemand catalog of Premium video content and uscreen gives you a community Hub to interact with your members too they can access your community from their mobile phone so your membership is right there in their pocket with a uscreen account you get video hosting an outof the-box website full payment and subscription management and plenty of thirdparty Integrations too and new screen makes it easy to get set up you get access to powerful website themes that are fully brandable with no coding skills required uscreen is the platform for building a video membership site that is great for generating a sustainable income stream for professional creators to try you screen click the link in the description and let them know that Jay sent you what would you say is your proportion of like video ideas to videos you actually create oh gosh well I have like right now in a Google doc I have a list of a thousand ideas crazy and I'm only doing 10 crazy so so these are Depends these are a thousand ideas not a thousand hooks a thousand different video ideas that could each have multiple different hooks within them yes it's it's it's crazy yeah where do they come from how do you generate that many ideas okay there's a lot of ways so one way is I just watch YouTube and then see what I personally you know like want to recreate and like twist or it's like what video do I want to watch or um as funny as it sounds I also use ai ai has some pretty good ideas but the best ideas at least for me personally they come from just living it and then thinking this is a video idea so let me explain that so one of my most popular videos is me making a garden as funny as it sounds cuz that sounds like it would get no views yet it has like I think it has like 30 million views like so that's a ton there's so many ideas where something like this happened one day I was eating Ratatouille because it's like one of my favorite foods right and I'm like I can't believe like it costs $20 to cook and I'm like but can't I just make a garden and then have unlimited Ratatouille for like five bucks and I'm like oh my gosh that's a video idea so I'm like now I got to make a garden and then I'm going to grow vegetables to have infinite Ratatouille because it's my favorite food so like that's where the story came from or like another time my grandma it was so funny she got like like I think it was like laundry detergent in the mail or whatever like free laundry detergent and I'm like how'd you get free laundry detergent that's like 30 bucks and she was like oh I called the company and I complained to them I told them that they suck and they sent me free laundry detergent and I'm like that's a video I got to do that so it's like you know just things that I live and then I'm like that needs to be a video those are my best ideas so how do you go from a th000 ideas to narrow it down to 10 what is the deciding factor of which videos make the cut yeah so I would say I narrow it I narrow it down to like like let's say we have 100 because 100's like an easier number to work with so let's say we have 100 ideas I'll narrow it down to like 25 25 to 50 that's usually just based on like the first thing I ask myself is do I want to make it I don't ask if it'll go viral I can figure out how to make it viral if I really want to make it so first I tell myself do I actually want to make this is this actually logistically possible and then it's like is the hook good is the mechanism good are people going to rewatch this then that's when I look at like where's the virality aspect in this then I'll bring it down to 25 then from there I'll send it to um my video editor who's also like he's just like he's really involved in the channel so he's not just a video editor he's also like a strategist because you know he's he he knows a lot about YouTube and um I'll send it to him and he'll bring my 25 to like 10 and he'll basically he'll go in and tell me like even further if it actually seems viral if he thinks it's sharable but for him like he's really good at telling if if a concept is simple yet complex if that makes sense M mhm you mentioned a word a second ago you said is the mechanism good what do you you mean by mechanism if they're going to be pushed to the end so like a good example is Mr Beast the red circle like is it like last leave Circle wins $500,000 the mechanism is the circle is constantly closing so the viewer is watching till the end so if if it was just like the circle wasn't closing I don't know if anyone watch to the end they'll just skip to the end probably interesting what are some of the mechanisms that you've used I think this is the easiest one that anyone can apply it's basically saying there's three steps or there's three things we need to do because it's very easy to follow and you just showed the list of three so now the viewer knows that oh we're getting closer to the video like they actually have a good expectation which is probably one of the biggest things I think that's I think that's why my videos like go viral it's because people have a good expectation of what they're going to watch and what's actually going to be at the end so when it comes to expectations if you set expectations do you find that then the the next step is completely following through on those expectations or do you ever try to like subvert expectations for an element of surprise or something I try to follow those expectations but then have a twist for example I gave my mom a $5 Mother's Day gift the hook was my mom's Never Had A Mother's Day gift so I'm going to change that and buy her the best present with $5 it was it was the why making them car in the hook my mom's Never Had change that then the expectation is so I'm going to surprise her with a gift for $5 and on screen I'm showing me giving her the gift but you're going to see that till the end so it's like it's the the cold open and then we cut to the video so the expectation is by the end of the video you're going to see me give her a gift so then I follow through make the gift and then I surprise her now I gave them the expectation I closed the loop that I'm going to surprise her with this gift but the twist was she ended up dropping the gift it broke and then she's like you're the best daughter I've ever had I'm like I'm your only one video ends so it's like yeah I I gave that expectation that I'm going to gift her and then we just Twisted it at the end how long would you say on average your shorts are oh I know exactly the answer because I've done the analysis okay what's the answer it's it's exactly 34 seconds because my most popular videos are exactly that length so I try to make it exactly that length that was going to be my next question was to say do is that now your your benchmark for what you're looking for in a video 34 seconds yes so yes everyone's is different everyone got to analyze it like for their their own channel and I think I've seen well I was in uh I was in Pat Galler's accelerator and he showed some research that he had done to show like depending on your short length this is the bar for retention you should be shooting for so I'm guessing that 90% retention is also related to the average total length of your videos whereas if it shorter maybe you need retention to be higher to achieve the same virality exactly yes correct so for me for my personal Channel like I said like there's no specific number I think everyone just has to check out their analytics but for me I noticed if a short is less than 30 seconds it needs to it has to have over 100% retention or else it's not going to take off so that's why I like to make it slightly longer but too long is too long for my audience since I do have a very young audience if you know that you want your videos to be about 34 seconds I'm thinking if it's 34 seconds and you know that you want your last second retention to be really high it seems like the payoff is like literally the last second so now we got 34 33 seconds to work with you probably know how long your hook generally is so maybe that's you know 3 seconds or 5 seconds and you have this remainder of 28 to 30 seconds in the middle do you break that down into specific pieces of the mechanism or is that just kind of whatever happens in the edit yeah so it's usually whatever happens in the edit but what I do check is before I film the video I will do a rough script even if it's not even what happens in the video like I'll just roughly you know do it and I can just change it later and from there I'll have a sense of how long it is just from the word count but I don't necessarily force it I just let it free flow like you said in the edit but I do have a rough idea of the word count and my Hooks and foreshadow I always do that in every video I do a hook and then I foreshadow which is two lines and that is usually 3 seconds or less and foreshadow you're saying that's in that's in the voiceover because I know you mentioned like that the example of your your mom's gift when you see her grab the package that's foreshadowing in a way but that's completely visual you're saying you dedicate some spoken time to foreshadowing as well yes I always have spoken time to foreshadowing it like it doesn't matter what video idea it is like like like let me just pull up like a random idea like I'm going to the beach right and then it's like why would someone watch so that's the hook I'm going to the Beach and what's the foreshadow I'm going to the beach and I'm going to surprise someone with $100 at the end of the video it could literally be with anything it just needs to have some sort of expectation I want to keep going down this the structure Rabbit Hole a little bit more because I keep finding new layers like I didn't know foreshadowing is part of your structure so is there anything that comes after the hook and foreshadowing that is a structural part of every video yes there actually is so it will usually be hook which is really short then I'll foreshadow what's going to be at the end then I have to smoothly transition so I used to have like a lot of breaks cuz you want to give people time to breathe right because you don't want to be like I'm going to be doing this and this and this and this the video's over I didn't like they they're not going to understand anything so you want a pacing break without the pacing actually breaking let me explain what I mean by that this I did this in my recent video so it was like McDonald's banned this item hook so I'm gonna make it at home then convince them to put it back on the menu That's the foreshadow and then at first I wrote let's get started but that breaks pace so instead of saying let's get started I said so I cooked illegally that that just flows better so I I don't want to give like cuz I already gave like two crucial pieces of detail so if I give any more detail they're just going to forget about that like pracy recency if you I can get into that so it's like they're going to forget what I just said so we need a pacing break without the pacing actually breaking if that makes sense yeah totally okay let's keep going down this this Trail is there is there more structural pieces past the transition usually it's just like problem solution or but therefore storytelling okay tell me more about but therefore storytelling basically but there but therefore storytelling simply put is just lots of change in the story so a story stories can't be stories without change for example I went a walk then it started raining then I went back home it was much more boring than if it was like I went on a walk but it started raining therefore I started running back home and I I it was raining all over me but good thing I had a handy umbrella while I was on my way back therefore I got home like it's the exact same story but it just sounds so much more intriguing when you have like but and then so or but therefore I'm so glad that you're able to like whip up these examples on the Fly this is must be very stressful the the spots I'm putting you on but you're just like I got it yeah so if I'm thinking from an order of operation standpoint I'm I'm making some assumptions I'm realizing and I want to make sure I'm correct in them it sounds like you have ideas first then you narrow that down to a small number of ideas and ultimately a video that you say yes this idea my editor and I have decided is a good one uh you come up with versions of the hook and then it seems like you you start recording and after recording you start editing and then after editing comes the transcript for the voiceover did I get that right you were close you were close like you said ideas then I find that one idea then I'll write my hook then I'll write the last line so I always know the last line when I'm going to film then I'll go back and then after the hook I figure out how I'm going to foreshadow that I I will always have the hook for so I always have two lines so it'll be like hook foreshadow end um but in between it would be like it depends on the video sometimes it will be a rough script like we were saying so I can have that structure in mind or it will just be bullet points of things I want to touch on while I'm filming then I will film once I filmed I will revisit the script again revise it finalize it then it goes and edit how do you write the last line without knowing what comes out in the filming it's you'd like leave it in blank so it would be like for example if I'm surprising someone with a gift the last line would be then like it's so simple then I surprised my mom and and then blank so it's usually reaction just to have a general idea yes yeah exactly yes okay I was watching your videos this morning and I I was like really I I took note of the fact that they all end very abruptly but like not in a way where I'm like what happened it's it's like it's pleasing but it is abrupt and we already talked about how you you kind of learned this and you trimed it off but it is like and I surprised my mom and you know and then and then her reaction and then end you mentioned a moment ago that the age of your audience is typically a little bit younger how much do you think about who the audience is when you think of ideas you know because in my world to step back a second in my world a lot of times folks have like a very specific Avatar that they're creating for who's trying to achieve some sort of specific goal I don't think that's the same in more of the entertainment space so i' love to hear to what level of detail you think about an audience member in your mind yeah that's everything Avatar is everything so for me I will think of like specific people so I will think of like me when I was younger I'll think about like the these are my favorites to think about by the way my my my nieces are 10 years old 10 I have two nieces that are seven and 10 and they just moved to America last year so they barely understand English and that's that's who I want to speak to it's it's very tough because they might not be interested in the topic but if I can make them interested and especially if it makes sense to them as non-english speakers then it's probably really good so that's the way I see it it's not necessarily thinking of like their their dream their desires but more so how can you speak to them I just it just I don't know if that makes sense because it's like it's it's different it it makes sense it's interesting for me to hear because I just don't speak to folks on the more entertainment side of the Creator world as often so actually I'm just coming at it from Natural Curiosity to hear how you do think about it I would imagine at the level of views you're getting tens of Millions on these on these videos it's a broad spectrum of people who are looking at this so who you who do you choose as the core of yes people outside of this type of person maybe it's my nieces will watch this but I'm making it for this person in particular I didn't know if you had that specificity or not like I said I do and I don't so it's in the sense of like I it's mainly like my younger self which is like kind of weird because I can't actually my younger yourself can't actually watch it but that's like the way I think of it if that makes sense yeah for sure for sure can we talk a little bit about Instagram reals and Tik Tok and how you think about those because a lot of times people think short form vertical video it's same everywhere choose wherever you're leading and then just post it to all three and it's clear that your your YouTube is is much bigger than the other two platforms and those other platforms are much bigger than mine so that's not any judgment on you but I'm curious what you're hearing or what you're experiencing in terms of how this does or does not translate hey real quick before they respond I want to let you know that there are bonus Audio Only episodes of Creator science that air every Tuesday when we don't publish a video episodes like number 156 where I talk with my editor Connor about our first year on YouTube or number 37 with Oli abdal if that's interesting just search for Creator science wherever you listen to podcasts all right back to the show yeah so sh from content is not the same across platforms and I know this because I used to do very well on Tik Tok before I was doing well on YouTube In fact when I had like a thousand subscribers on YouTube I had like 70k on Tik Tok so I was doing much better and I was averaging like a million views per Tik Tok What was crazy is I remember at this at this point I was posting to all three platforms but Tik Tok was getting all the views YouTube shorts and Instagram reals were getting like none of it were you thinking about one of those platforms as like your lead platform at that time it was definitely Tik Tok so you're thinking I'm making this video for Tik Tok I'm also posting to reals and I'm also pointing posting shorts correct but it wasn't edited on the Tik Tok app like it would still be filmed you know like professionally and then edited it and then posting on Tik Tok the same video that would get 1 million views on Tik Tok would get 1,000 views on YouTube shorts and I was like okay let me switch a strategy CU I bought baned on Tik talk like for a short period of time I'm like let me focus on YouTube and then the opposite happened I started averaging 1 million views on YouTube and then a th000 on Tik Tok I'm like this is really strange like these platforms definitely won different content and what I found YouTube likes definitely a slower more mature you know it's a more mature audience so they want like a slower Pace more story so those would be like the 34 second tick uh 34 second shorts that I'm making right now Tik Tok on the other hand did not like did not like videos over 30 seconds it liked 10 to 20 second videos that were just like dense with information not that many jokes just like you know just just scrollable they're just trying to scroll as much as possible versus Instagram reals was also slightly more mature but because they have that mute feature a lot of those videos would be very Visual and would have like subtitles in every second and would have like a lot of sharability since it's very it's it's very easy to share on Instagram how do you think about long form now is it something that you aspire to do more of how does it play into the Jenny hoyo Universe yes the Jenny ho Universe sounds like the MCU but yeah I I really want to get into long form I want to become established there basically what I did to shorts is exactly what I'm doing to long form I have been studying long forms for the past year learning as much as I can analyzing everything and now it's just time to execute so the goal is to pull off what I did on shorts on long form and then just you know upload a uh upload a a good amount between them I'm never going to quit shorts it's just going to be a good balance between the two what is long form represent to you that it's a priority you know you're so good at shorts you're you're like at the top of the mountain there why is long form something that's calling to you you know I think I mean it's a lot of reasons I feel it's kind of tough saying it but I think that they simply put I don't see that much more growth for me in shorts like sure I can start averaging like a 100 million views but it's like the real growth and fun is going to come from learning long form CU it's all about the journey you know it's like um it sounds so bad to say but I feel like I've already achieved my goal for like for shorts you know and it's like I I want to you know challenge myself again I just don't feel like I'm challenging myself with shorts this is a guess in short yeah no it's valid I your your reasons are your reasons they're totally valid I was I was I was wondering if it had anything to do with like is a relationship to the audience different in long form I'm sure there's more money in long form and I was wondering if those were part of the decision or if it was just a you know time to climb a new Mountain type situation I will say as ironic as it sounds money is not the reason why like when I first like started my entrepreneurship journey I was like money is everything right but then when I I started YouTube I realized like it doesn't matter how much I'm making like I'm just doing this so money like it's crazy as funny as it sounds because my content is all about money I don't even care Oh much I'm thinking it's funny as it sounds it's weird how it works but yeah is yeah the yeah it's just I think I think there is a better relationship with the viewer I feel like it's just it's just more it's more it's more personal you know like you guys are spending more time together for sure I think it is like a time spent situation like I feel like we really build trust as a function of time spent and the more spent time you spend with somebody like the more of a relationship you build relationships are built on trust curious if you think that your shorts audience will transition into long form or if you're thinking about you know the audience themselves the same like are these long form videos also going to be for your 10-year-old nieces it's it's a different audience you know it's really funny I want to tell this story because I thought it was absolutely hilarious and it's just going to open up like because to me it was it was huge I had a little cousin uh visit my house it was the first time I ever met her because she was also from another country and she she's like seven years old she came to my house first thing she said I'm cousins with a famous YouTuber it was so funny then the second thing she said she was like telling me how like she loves my shorts and she was like you know what you should check out I was like I was on YouTube and I noticed like they have these like horizontal videos that are like shorts but just like long and I was like that's crazy that's crazy that type of thing breaks my mind it's like it's like the videos where it's like we ask listen to and it's like insert bandn from my childhood here and like this is bad exactly it was one of those moments where it realized it opened it it was like that those are really two different audiences cuz there's some people who probably don't even know long forms are a thing and vice versa some people that don't even know shorts or thing then there's the people that know both so I know I'm going to get you know I'm not going to get all of my audience I have had some audience transition but yeah that's where I'm at and you think that's a is that a YouTube thing or is that an audience preference thing I think it's an audience preference thing for sure yeah I think YouTube's doing like as funny as it sounds because I feel like a lot of shorts creators like oh I feel so bad saying this CU I'm not one of them but I'm calling them out like there's shorts creators who have like a million subscribers and then they don't even get like a thousand views on a long form and then they're like it's YouTube's fault yeah but like in reality it's like their fault you know like um I average like 10 million views on shorts and then long forms I'm averaging like 50k views you know so it's like I think they're doing a pretty good job at like transitioning them just obviously not everyone's going to transition all right last question which I love to ask people is there anything that you believe to be true and we can relate it to YouTube or shorts but you don't yet have data to support oh there's there's a couple I'm trying to think what I should I think I got a good one I'm going to say two okay because I'm there's two that are really good bonus I think sharability really matters but I haven't done enough like analysis on that yet but I'm sure I can do my own analysis it's it's very tough because there's a lot of factors to that that come into play because you know I could argue this video has a lot of shares that's why I blew up but then I could also just argue that the retention was high so do you really know I I don't know so that that's my Hench I think sharability really does help although I will say like one of my shorts it has like such high shares it has like what was it like the shares to view ratio it's 20% Which is extremely high that seems very high and the scroll through rate is like 92% which is insane and it's probably because the shares are are that high and then my second hunch is that retention doesn't matter as much as people think it does say more it's very interesting because I have a lot of friends like who will send me their retention graphs or like their data their analytics and there's people like within like a similar amount of impressions as me like their retention will be so much higher than mine like there's friends like they would have like a 40 second short that has like 100k views and over 100% retention and I'm like oh my gosh this video is going to get like 10 million views and like it's it's not even Niche either but then it never it never does that but then for me like yeah like for me what's crazy is like you know I I've had a short before where I had like 70% retention on the first 100K views which is like really bad like really really bad for shorts and it still got like 10 million views because it was like all returning viewers you know so it's like I just have a hunch that like you know like I don't know I don't know what it is what what how they're measuring it it's just viewer satisfaction it can't it can't just be retention you know [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @jay [265 likes]: Grow Your Podcast on YouTube Workshop: https://creatorscience.co/play
  2. @Fricking.Website: While I can't make anything go viral, I do know something about being at the right place at the right time.
  3. @DeliciosobyJess: Gracias YouTube y a todos mis seguidores! 🫶✨
  4. @itseasypeezyy: I'm new creater, this will be beneficial for me  ...INSHAA Allah
  5. @BelloHappyTime: The best thing about this girl is that she resembles my kids, she is so funny, I love her story about the free laundry detergent, that is something I would do and a great idea for a video, she is amazing really. She will get really far because I was always like that and I am not a millionaire but I live a pretty good life :) God Bless her
  6. @KluckNorris: I bet you can't make my youtube shorts go viral, I've been on youtube 11 years and have 60 subscribers... lol
  7. @Studio81000: i like this girl
  8. @MeroArt_youtube: Her passion shows insane knowledge. Brawo
  9. @TheCooMan: 13:54 not me watching as a landscape creator 😅
  10. @DigitalMediaGalaxy01: nice vid 💪💪
  11. @BibleStoriesforEveryone-t6s: Make my video go viral!
  12. @vid4ia583: She said nothing is so many words = whatever she said ONLY works for her. Very nebulous explainer.
  13. @chronaion: Channel growth is a journey through the labyrinth of time. Fascinating, unpredictable, and worth every second.
  14. @theboredthedorkthebrokethedog: I wonder why her shorts are not getting much views now.
  15. @Ranger4-1-7-1: Guys n girls ATTENTION!
Studies showin that
every Short u see, its rottening ur  Attention for reality!

This is a real dangerous matter for real intelligence!

But ppl make a huge mistake by thinking they would have a win through a short look, but cant imagine anymore who they would be without this damage...ok u can decide  personal to watch or not, but is it really like that? 
No! Because now 18y old girls takin advantage of it! Like usual😅

But in a proffesional way

So for the health of the hole society, its shrinkin short by short and who goes out with real eyes and life experience can observe the difference!

Of course its a cute girl, but dont underestimate cute girls, they know how to manipulate in a determined way!
  16. @RabiaSani-d6p: Thanks for sharing this, learned a lot.
  17. @SmileyRN06: This was a great interview. Great questions and she was very open! 🎉 thanks!
  18. @IRUNTHISPLACE: Is anybody else thinking “Make me go viral”
I ran across the UK/Scottish border for a video and got 8 views 😂
  19. @kidjet: She’s so cool
  20. @raakgu: She's misunderstanding the retention metric and the swipe away metric.

Swipe away means did the user swipe past without watching your Short.

Retention means out of only those people who began watching your Short, what percentage of the video length did they make it to before swiping away.

The retention can be greater than 100% if your average viewer watches your video into the loop of it starting over.

Not because it relates to swipe away metric in any way.

- I Analyzed 1,000 Viral TikTok Shop Affiliate Videos, Here's What Actually Works: Kind: captions Language: en I've analyzed thousands of viral Tik Tok shop videos and what I discovered completely changed the way I approach affiliate marketing in 2025. You see, most people think they understand what converts a Tik Tok shop video to sales. But after studying countless successful campaigns, I can tell you that 90% of what you think is true is completely wrong. And I know this because I tracked literally everything. View count, engagement rate, conversions, how long is a video, when did they post the video, what product type is it, you name it. The data does not lie. For example, some of the highest converting videos that I studied had less than 50,000 views, while some of the super viral videos that I studied converted at less than.1%. Which means that viral doesn't always mean it's converting. So, in this video, I'm going to break down the patterns, the formulas, and the strategies that separate the videos that are making serious money and actually converting from the videos that are just racking up views and not converting. So, grab a pen and a piece of paper because this is going to be one of the straight value videos where I just share insights that could save you months of trial and error. Let's jump straight in. Here's the first major discovery that kind of caught me off guard. The most viral videos are not necessarily the most profitable. I've seen videos with 5 million views that don't really convert that well. And then I've seen videos with 200,000 views, for example, that are converting machines. And the difference isn't luck, it's strategy. You see, videos that are made purely to go viral often sacrifice conversion elements. They focus on things like entertainment value, shock factor, trending audios rather than actually just selling the product. Meanwhile, the videos that balance the entertainment along with clear product benefits consistently outperform the pure viral content when it comes to sales. But here's the most important thing to actually remember. The sweet spot that I've discovered is videos that hit anywhere between 100,000 views and 800,000 views with high engagement rates. These videos have enough reach to generate significant sale volume, but they also maintain focus messaging that is needed to drive conversions. The message here is crucial. Don't chase millions of views if it means you're sacrificing the conversion element. A targeted 500,000 views will make you way more money than an unargeted 5 million view video every single time. But views are just the beginning. What I discovered about how top creators actually showcase their product will completely change how you film in the next video. They use something called contract principle. And this completely changed the way I think about product demonstration. Here's the thing. The highest converting videos don't just show the product working. They show the product working compared to the problem that it solves. This before and after approach creates an immediate visual impact which drives conversions through the roof. So for example, opposed to showing a phone case and how it, you know, protects the phone. A great example of this would be showing a phone case breaking and then showing the same scenario where the phone case would solve the problem and save the phone from breaking. This contrast creates an emotional response that regular product demos simply just can't match. And here's why it works so well. It mirrors why people actually make purchasing decisions. They're not just buying your product. They're buying the transformation from their current problem state to their desired solution state. And here's where it gets really interesting. This approach works across every product category. Skincare, show skin issues and then show the improvement. Fitness products, show the struggle and then show the ease. For homegoods, show the mess and inefficiency and then show the solution and how organized it is. For tech products, show the frustration with current options and then show your product solving it. The possibilities here are endless. But here are the key insights to make it actually work. The contrast has to be dramatic and immediate. The bigger the visual difference between the problem and the solution, the higher your conversion rates will be. Now, creating a perfect contrast video is great, but what happens after you go viral? This is where most creators completely drop the ball, costing them thousands of dollars of potential profit. You see, the money isn't in just one viral video. It's in what you do immediately after going viral. I've noticed creators who go viral but don't make significant sales are missing a crucial element, and it's follow-ups. The most successful Tik Tok shop creators use what I call the follow-up formula. And here's what it looks like. Day one, your video goes viral. Day two and three, you can answer the most common questions in the comments. Day four and five, you can create video responses that are addressing purchase objections. And then day six and seven, you can share social proof or testimonial content. And here's why it works so well. When your video goes viral, the Tik Tok algorithm keeps pushing your videos to people who viewed your content previously. This is pretty much just creating a retargeting effect without spending money on ads. The key insight here is this. The viral video attracts attention and hopefully sales, but your follow-up videos convert that attention into a lot of sales. Most creators will make the mistake of trying to go viral again opposed to capitalizing on the existing attention. I've studied creators who consistently convert viral moments into a lot of sales, and they all follow this pattern. They become way more salesy in their follow-up content, directly addressing purchase intent with clear call to actions. Here's the cool thing about it. Your follow-up videos don't need to go crazy viral. They just need to convert the warm audience that already exists created by the viral video. For example, you can do common replies with questions like, "Where can I buy this? What size is it? Is it worth the price? Do they have different colors? But here's where it gets even more interesting. Not all viral content is actually good for your business. In fact, some videos can completely destroy your long-term earning potential. I call this good viral versus bad viral, and the difference determines whether you make money or just waste time. Good viral videos actually work because people genuinely want the product. The engagement is purchase intent focused. Comments asking, "Where can I buy this? Let me know when they restock." Bad viral videos don't work due to controversy, shock factor, or entertainment that's way far away from the product. that has nothing to do with the product. These videos can get millions of views, but they attract the wrong audience and can end up getting literally zero sales. The lesson, don't chase viral moments that aren't aligned with your sales goals. A video with a 100,000 views from people who actually want to buy will always outperform a video with a million views from people who are just entertained. And here's how to make sure you never make that mistake. When creating content, ask yourself, would someone who loves this video also want to buy the product? If the answer is no, don't post it, no matter how viral it might go. Understanding this principle is crucial, but there's something even more important happening behind the scenes that most creators don't even know about. And it explains why some terrible videos consistently outperform professional content. You see, Tik Tok makes money when people buy through the shop feature. It's around 6% on every single sale. This means that they're financially incentivized to push videos that drive purchases, not just views. I've studied hundreds of simple videos, seemingly bad videos that were pushed consistently. They were getting a massive reach and a lot of sales. The common thread wasn't really production quality of the video. It was conversions. Tik Tok's algorithm has learned to find videos that are leading to purchases and they reward those videos with increased distribution regardless of traditional engagement metrics. This creates such a unique opportunity. You can succeed with simple phone videos if you focus on salriving content over entertainment value and the algorithm will amplify your content because guess what? It's profitable for Tik Tok. And here's what this means for you. Focus on clear product benefits over viral trends. Prioritize purchase intent over entertainment value. Use very direct CTAs or call to actions opposed to just like subtly suggesting they buy it. And last, show the products solving a real problem immediately. The most successful videos that I found that converted the best weren't really the most creative or entertaining. They were just the most effective at driving immediate purchase decision. Tik Tok rewards effectiveness over creativity in the shop feature every single day of the week. And now let me share some more actionable insights of videos that I found work best for each niche. For beauty products, it seems like transformation focused videos like before and after elements perform the best. The key in my opinion is showing real immediate results opposed to long-term benefits people want things. Now for fashion items, I've seen a lot of stuff of people wearing multiple outfits with one item. So wearing shorts and then showing a bunch of different outfits you can wear with it. Versatility is the biggest selling point for homegoods. problem-solving demonstrations of the product in real homes, like in real environments, crushes just, you know, showing the product on camera. People need to see a problem and solution, and they need to see the product fit in their actual life. For electronics, comparison content that positions the product against a more expensive alternative, value proposition here is everything. For health and wellness, it seems that personal story content with like a genuine story, it just feels super relatable and it converts best. People need to trust the creator before trusting the product. Now, if you make sure to take all these key insights into account when making your next video, I promise you're going to see your conversion rates spike up. And to finish off, I'll share the three core algorithm principles that make your videos seem highquality versus lowquality in the eyes of Tik Tok. First, the algorithm definitely seems to prioritize authentic engagement over artificial metrics. Videos with genuine comments and meaningful interactions get boosted, while content with hollow engagement gets suppressed. Second, Tik Tok definitely seems to reward educational videos. Videos that can teach, inform, and solve problems consistently outperform videos that just entertain when it comes to conversions. And then third, the algorithm favors creators who consistently drive sales. When your videos regularly result in sales, Tik Tok, I think, sees you as valuable in the shop ecosystem, and they're going to keep pushing your videos. Understanding these algorithm preferences allows you to work with the algorithm opposed to against it. Now, after studying thousands of viral Tik Tok shop videos throughout my career, the pattern tells a clear story. Success isn't always about following trends and copying what other people are doing. It's about understanding the psychology of your audience as well as the mechanics of the platform that you're posting on. The creators that are consistently making a lot of money with Tik Tok shop aren't just getting lucky with viral content. They follow specific datadriven strategies that maximize not just reach, but also conversions. The patterns I've shared today represent years of studying successful campaigns and could literally save you months of trial and error. But here's the biggest thing. Knowing the information is only valuable if you implement it. So my challenge to you is very simple. Take one insight, only one insight from what I talked about today, and apply it in your next 10 videos. Track your results and see how it's impacted your performance. And then come back to this video and choose another key element and keep doing that until you nail all of them. Now, if you want access to even deeper insights, specific product recommendations, and my complete Tik Tok shop system that I've used to generate over a million dollars in the past 8 months, click the link in the description to see if you're a good fit for my community. Thank you for watching and I'll see you in the next

  Top Comments:
  1. @naturecaught-1 [2 likes]: people give this content in paid courses and you have provided everything on youtube salute you man
  2. @bigppwillywonka3 [1 likes]: BUY MY COURSE PLEASE 😂🤡🤡🤡
  3. @ShadowManStudios-g6q [1 likes]: The biggest hurdle for most getting 5,000 followers in order to join Tik Tok shop affiliate.
  4. @oswaldoguilarte165: La creatividad digital  debe ser aprovecha por el sistema de pagos de IPweb como una opción de integración  en la nueva tecnología
  5. @Vnx_cr77: Do you have any suggestions, recommendations or tips for book promotion? I promote self help books
  6. @ArtsyLifeStudio: I have a mail club called letters from the garden and how could i create shock factor through art? Ive been trying for years and i had one video go viral from animating my character but i did follow up but im not sure how to balance the viral and audience who want to buy my art that show the difference between the busy digital world versus my slow simple life art
  7. @pepeltr91: Do you have any advice for a leather jacket brand?
  8. @monicapainter11: Thanks for this. Amazing valuable info
  9. @thekeychange: This was fantastic thank you
  10. @absolutelyaryana: You’re so right. I just got active with tts three and a half weeks ago. I have four out of 25 videos with sales and only one product is actually selling on two videos but they were the ONLY videos where I was legit showing a tech product comparing it to other options and showed it solving an in the moment problem immediately.
  11. @strangefruitugc: I saw a 10 pack is men’s shorts in the Product Marketplace and thought about you 😅
  12. @Multi-AccountMastery: C.J., solid data-driven breakdown and the contrast principle is proven. But most creators commit to ONE product angle (like skincare vs fitness vs tech) and burn 2-3 months before realizing the conversion rate is dead. Smart move: test 3-4 product angles in parallel for 7 days—use aged accounts from accsmarket to skip TikTok Shop's 14-day trust-score grind, post identical value but frame it for different avatars, measure which gets best CTR and actual sales, THEN commit your main account to the winner. You compress validation from months to one week and don't waste 80% of your content budget on a dead-end product.
  13. @hadihasanxhartanah: need to post 3 videos per day is a myth?
  14. @MikeandMichelleMeskel: I’ve got some of these pieces in place.. but need to fine tune some things. Thanks for this video.
  15. @naturecaught-1: amazing bro
  16. @DarleneVibes: 💯 🔥🔥🔥 No bs, straight to point, the whole video is MEAT!  Thank-you so much for being real and give us the meat!
  17. @buhaykalsada1992: thank you!!!
  18. @TogoatshiOP: Good video ngl
  19. @alex.cochrane: Fire
  20. @texanscheer09: Thank you SM🖤🖤🖤

- Only watch this if you are a small YouTuber...: Kind: captions Language: en-GB There’s 5 words you need to remember: You’re only one video away. The YouTube algorithm gives you a fresh chance&nbsp; every single video you post. Every single one of&nbsp;&nbsp; your videos could be dead with no views,&nbsp; and that next video could change everything. So many big channels had one video&nbsp; go viral that sparked momentum for&nbsp;&nbsp; all their other videos and changed&nbsp; their life in a matter of days. So, why would you give up when&nbsp; you’re just one video away? One video away from changing peoples lives? One video away from getting the&nbsp; success and recognition you deserve? One video away from making more youtube&nbsp; ad revenue than you could ever dream of? Speaking of which, don’t buy&nbsp; into this ‘starving artist’&nbsp;&nbsp; narrative about YouTubers some people push. Here’s Graham Stephan’s YouTube&nbsp; ad revenue from just last year. And by the way, ad revenue is one of the&nbsp; smallest income streams from YouTube.&nbsp;&nbsp; So you can make way more than this. Like 9 year old Ryan Kaji who earned&nbsp; an estimated $30 million dollars&nbsp;&nbsp; from his youtube channel last year. YouTube can genuinely change your life, and&nbsp; allow you to change other peoples lives too. But it won’t if you give up now. The crucial thing that separates those who succeed&nbsp; is they keep going. Keep improving. They smash&nbsp;&nbsp; through that brick wall and don’t give up. It’s&nbsp; like a test, and only the persistent will pass. Because the truth is, even if it&nbsp; feels like you’ve got nowhere so far,&nbsp;&nbsp; you’ve definitely improved and&nbsp; levelled up from when you started. You may not have the results you wanted, but that&nbsp; work is not wasted. You’ve been learning along the&nbsp;&nbsp; way, and even if you have just 1 subscriber, thats&nbsp; a total stranger who loved your content enough to&nbsp;&nbsp; want more of it, which in a sea of millions&nbsp; of channels is impressive in itself. Don’t&nbsp;&nbsp; get distracted by the big numbers from channels&nbsp; who’ve been doing YouTuber way longer than you. And don’t forget, even if a lot of your&nbsp; videos haven’t worked out, it’s pretty common&nbsp;&nbsp; that the youtube algorithm can suddenly start&nbsp; pushing videos from months or even years ago.&nbsp;&nbsp; Just because it hasn’t done&nbsp; well yet, doesn’t mean it won’t. I’ve seen this with some of my old videos –&nbsp; nothing, nothing, then boom. And you can see this&nbsp;&nbsp; with countless other creators too, just look at&nbsp; James Jani, who got 400 subscribers in 5 months,&nbsp;&nbsp; then got a quarter of a million&nbsp; subscribers in the next 2 months.&nbsp;&nbsp; YouTube growth is exponential, not&nbsp; linear. Things can change rapidly. So keep going, keep learning, and don’t forget&nbsp; to thank me when your award from YouTube arrives. However, whilst this hopefully got you pumped up&nbsp; to make more videos, if you want to know how James&nbsp;&nbsp; achieved such crazy growth so fast, check out&nbsp; this video I made that will give you some more&nbsp;&nbsp; practical steps for youtube growth, so you can&nbsp; hopefully beat the youtube algorithm yourself. You can also grab our free&nbsp; YouTube Business Blueprint&nbsp;&nbsp; from the description below so you can&nbsp; start monetizing even with a small channel. Best of luck! You got this.

  Top Comments:
  1. @TVeganBabe [1 likes]: We got this y’all!👏🏽💪🏾🎉
  2. @Dyneia [1 likes]: 4 years later and this still hits hard lets see if in another 4 years if I would have made it...
  3. @Heyalenlaughs [1 likes]: At this moment, I'm not doing it anymore for fame, money, glory, cars, houses, women, or anything similar; I'm doing it just to not be depressed.
  4. @Craft-e1z [1 likes]: Keep Going. Remember Why You Started.

Post Your Passion
  5. @LastwitnessTC: THANK YOU !!!
  6. @GomuProphecy: Think of it as doing business with ur hobby👊🏻 As long as u have fun with it 😊 U can never get tired💪🏻
  7. @majorangelo9887: Hey, my name is Major, and I’m from The Reception. This video is wrong. It’s trying to take your focus away from what really matters — hard work, determination, strategy, and resilience. It’s trying to tell you that success on YouTube depends on luck. But I don’t believe that. If you want to become successful on YouTube, first you need to study how success really works — how others did it through hard work, consistency, and strategy. I’m going to build the best motivational channel on YouTube — one that inspires people to change their lives and become the best version of themselves. And when I do, I’ll come back to this channel and show you exactly how it’s done. This video is completely wrong. I’m ready to die fighting for this. I’m going to become a YouTuber — I don’t accept anything else. Ninety-nine percent of the people who commented on this video gave up. I’m not going to give up. Major, from The Reception.
  8. @theriancookie-v9o: Thank you for this I'm trying not to give up
  9. @PowerandProfitYT: Any small YouTubers here in 2025 🤚🏾
  10. @SuccessMindset2180: This sounds promising
  11. @theplug_truecrime: True
  12. @Jakethegardener1: I’ve just started my own channel. And this is the motivation I need… ❤
  13. @Apollomegatv: Keep ya heads up y'all! Post post post!
  14. @Terrapcdundee: Thanks for the tips and motivation. I just rebooted my own channel around gaming Pc’s and technology. Looking to hit my first 100 subs this year 💪
  15. @duce.1: 2:00 who was adolf in the test
  16. @lidove8170: Only elites get big!
  17. @BrightMorning05: Doakan aku agar bisa keluar lolos monetisazi
  18. @vikisgrünerbalkon: Danke für das video ich werde so lange kämpfen bis Ich zufrieden  wenn ich  sagen kann das ich zufrieden bin ich bin auch jetzt schon zufrieden mit meine Kanal ,aber da geht noch mehr.😅
  19. @Earthdecoded-m4y: Thanks for the motivation
  20. @home_of_audio_bible: It has encouraged me to continue to grow and develop.

- How Beluga Gained 4 Million Subscribers in 3 Months (Genius Strategy): Kind: captions Language: en this has been the craziest youtube journey of all time i think we might actually be the fastest channel to hit 4 million subscribers in 3 months with like 50 videos yes you just heard that right this kid in his bedroom who makes random videos about discord conversations has built one of the fastest growing youtube channels in history and the best part is this was all planned you see up until a few months ago beluga was gaining about 800 subscribers a month but then in june this happened beluga with his infamous cat profile picture suddenly started getting recommended all across youtube what makes it more interesting is the reasons for this sudden growth are very hard to identify his thumbnails are often poorly cropped and blurry and his videos are mainly just discord conversations with no voice over i mean sure it's funny but how can a made-up discord conversation between two cats have 25 million views what are we missing what could beluga possibly have discovered about youtube in june that led to this growth well i decided to dig deeper into beluga's backstory and it shouldn't surprise you that this guy is a lot smarter than it seems in fact beluga has pretty much discovered the new blueprint for how to grow a youtube channel he used the three-step system to beat the algorithm the thing is when beluga first started his channel it was very unclear what his strategy was i mean his first videos included a reaction to a man being attacked by a goose a random minecraft documentary and a commentary video on dream the really interesting thing was hidden inside this video here on the surface it may look like a simple explanation of why he was changing his name to beluga but within these 67 seconds it became clear that he knew something that no one else did i changed my channel name from survival mode to beluga because i think it's a better name and also starting next week i'm going to post some of the best videos on the entire internet i have some huge plans for the channel and i really appreciate your support if this channel blows up in the future you might want to like the video and comment now to prove you were here when it started i mean having confidence is one thing but the way beluga spoke here made me realize something this wasn't his first rodeo which takes us on to step number one beluga had a catalyst right now a lot of people say youtube is too competitive and there is some truth behind this there has never been more creators competing for the same audience but here's the good thing youtube's algorithm rewards great videos now that might sound overly simple but when you strip back all the noise its purpose is to show intriguing and well-made videos to the right audience as you may know youtube measures this with two main metrics click through rate i.e the percentage of people who click when shown the video and average view duration which is how long these people end up watching the video for here's the difficulty though how can youtube tell if a video is good if no one sees it in the first place it's a chicken and egg scenario the first 1 000 viewers are always the hardest to capture some creators target search using keywords some try to make videos about current trends hoping to get sweeped up into the wave of content and then there's the shortcut strategy that beluga used utilizing a growth catalyst you see the truth is this wasn't beluga's first channel in fact his youtube journey had actually began in 2019 when he launched a channel about lucid dreaming after growing this channel to almost 1 million subscribers it was clear beluga wanted a new challenge he decided to go all in on cross promotion he mentioned and linked his new channel at every opportunity he also made community posts about it and even funneled traffic to his beluga videos through end screens this promotion definitely helped but it only brought in a few thousand viewers so why was it so significant well it was the spark that lit the fire now youtube had an audience to test beluga's videos with they could show these viewers the videos and if the click-through rate and average view duration was good the algorithm would kick in and start pushing the videos to more people if a channel is set up in the right way an injection of people can lead to a snowballing effect but there's a problem you see a lot of people think getting a shout out from a larger channel is like hitting the jackpot but if the content you're making isn't already optimized it can have the opposite effect so how did beluga make videos that the algorithm loved well that takes us on to step two beluga became the session time king we all know watch time is very important to grow on youtube so how can a guy who makes two and three minute videos be getting so much promotion well that's because beluga makes bingeable loops of content the videos may be short but the average session time is long this phrase is used to describe the total duration that someone is watching youtube content not just one video think about this from youtube's perspective they could show a viewer a 10 minute video and they might click off halfway through and leave the platform this would result in just 5 minutes of session time but if they show the same viewer a beluga video they might go on to watch three more all the way through leading to a total session time of over 8 minutes this is why the length is irrelevant if you can make videos that people watch from start to finish so how does beluga do this let's take a look at this video here and break it down in action the first thing i want you to pay attention to is beluga's constant use of sound effects [Music] okay in these opening 10 seconds there were 11 different sound changes the discord pinging almost forces you to stay engaged the explosion sound effects and music add variety and the awkward pauses emphasizes the humor it's very hard to feel bored with so much happening a lot of creators focus all their attention on the visual edits and not enough on the sound also you might have noticed just how fast-paced the messages appear and disappear see if you can follow this conversation without having to rewind the main reason beluga does this is to keep the viewer as an active watcher beluga demands your full attention if you look away for even a second you will miss vital context there's also a bit of a sneakier reason he does this the speed that messages go by means you'll naturally have to pause and rewind a few times per video this can lead to spikes in retention and actually count for a longer average view duration but the real genius comes from beluga's storytelling i know on the surface he might not seem like the shakespeare of our times but hear me out each of his videos follow the same storytelling template a relatable situation is presented the main characters clash or there's a misunderstanding new characters enter the conversation and then the video builds towards a punchline this is his skeleton for all his discord skits the story is crafted to constantly give the viewer new stimulus youtube videos can't just have a beginning middle and end these days there needs to be multiple moving parts everything we've discussed so far is important but there's something missing that in my opinion is the main reason beluga gained 4 million subscribers in 3 months which takes us on to step 3 beluga discovered the ultimate title and thumbnail strategy let's start by looking at the titles beluga always covers topics that are very relatable even the titling style of when you is very inclusive he never writes a title that limits the video's potential every single one in theory could appeal to millions of viewers also notice how concise they are on average beluga's titles are 33 characters long for context this is almost half the average title length on youtube this is actually a competitive advantage viewers can fully understand the concept of the video in just a glance another really smart tactic is how often he uses random numbers in his titles notice here how he uses 9.17 seconds or 97.1 percent success this might seem irrelevant but trust me it's very purposeful they add an element of uniqueness to each title if he had said 10 seconds here for example it just wouldn't stand out as much it almost looks too perfect and there's even more to learn from his thumbnails first of all they capture something that's very recognizable in the first person it's meant to feel like your own screen whether it's discord frame requests or the iphone time limit this complements the broad appeal of his titles the real key though is how his thumbnails are always paused just before something happens they leave you with an unanswered story look at this one for example you need to click to get the reward what is beluga about to say that will end the argument he also deliberately keeps his thumbnails amateur looking even leaving in stuff like the typos and blur is all intentional trust me this guy knows enough photoshop to make these images higher quality but he chooses not to he does this as a way to stand out in a world of highly polished thumbnails his videos stick out like a sore thumb which is a strategy in itself they also add realism to the video the best memes and viral videos always feel homemade overall his title and thumbnail formula is what i like to call statement plus intrigue his title sets up the video and states what it's about and his thumbnail creates the intrigue by teasing a storyline it's simple but when combined together he sells the video to the viewer i think if there's one thing we can be certain of this guy's growth was far from an accident beluga executed the perfect plan and who knows maybe there's someone watching this video right now who can learn from this story and grow even quicker if you found this video interesting all i ask for is a subscribe but for now though i'll see you in the next one

  Top Comments:
  1. @paddygalloway8780 [7900 likes]: I'm going to need your help with this one! It's been a while since I posted and my momentum on the channel is down a little, so if you enjoyed this video smash that like button and share this video with 1 friend. Would mean the world to me!
  2. @ValeBreck [1 likes]: 1:57
I got randomly recommended this video after 4 years  just to hear THAT, so now you will have to suffer as well.
  3. @shxxx77 [1 likes]: mybe i am going to send my graft and you can help me
  4. @shxxx77 [1 likes]: man help me. i am just starting to post youtube shorts
  5. @catsarejerks: :face-red-heart-shape::face-red-heart-shape::face-red-heart-shape:
  6. @ButTheyWereWrong: small creators, unite!
  7. @KidPro27: 10:30 yup
  8. @LinkstoLife: This doesn’t really help because he already had 1 million subscribers on one channel so you’re obviously knows what he’s doing so it’s for him to expand more is just showing his confidence but doesn’t really help out anybody that’s brand new
  9. @UFOCyril: Begula is so cool, everyone loves him ! And he's smart, you're right.
  10. @EmpressKima: Im ready to be on my wayyyy🎉
  11. @WarMachine72: And they are shutting creators down left and right
  12. @Lifeofmine369: Thank you 😊
  13. @BobshibobPinkalas: I WOULD NEVER GIUESS LUCID DREAMING CHANNEL WAS BELUGA BEHIND THE SCENES
  14. @HowtoYT007: It's not luck
  15. @Still_Frame_Horror: Great info, thanks!
  16. @Foundersfull: I am the next beluga
  17. @jatall2797: Proof, man can try to play God, but it’s not sustainable! You all do understand how none of this is sustainable right? It is destined to self destruct, to implode. 

… And to think, YouTube is just ONE platform, multiply this data by hundreds of thousands of other platforms storing their own information etc.., and the numbers become mind numbing! 

Let’s hear the conclusion of the whole matter: Fear God and KEEP HIS COMMANDMENTS, this is the whole DUTY OF MAN!!! This earth is GOING DOWN, man is out of control. We are ABUSING THE EARTH, DESTROYING NATURE, and NOT SATISFIED with GODS GOODNESS! 

Man wants to take GODS CREATION, exclude GOD, but use all of GODS STUFF to make themselves God. They do this because Satan is still trying to build his SAD KINGDOM! Satan is such a LOOSER! 

Satan .., nor the men who reject God that Satan uses, will ever be God. I just imagine God in Heaven looking at us all here on earth just shaking His Head!!! Satan is a fool… and is stealing so many souls because they are impressed by Satan’s kingdom.. not understanding everything in his kingdom are stolen goods, and his whole kingdom is going to JAIL… known as HELLLL. 

Gods power is so serious, not only is ALL OF SATANS KINGDOM going to be arrested, tried, convicted for every crime, with an ETERNAL SENTENCE of going to Helll.., but .. and.., also…, do wicked men realize that the Devilll who is in Hellll .., working though sinners on earth and leading them to Hellll.., how SATAN HIMSELF is actually on his way to HELLL TOO???? 

What do you mean? Do you know that deathh, Hellll, and the grave itself .., are all .., as the final and last judgment of God on Satan’s Kingdom .., are ALL on their way to the LAKE of FIRE?!!! 

Do you understand what that means???? That means Satan nor any of his demons will have the pleasure of tormenting anyone in Hellll EVER AGAIN in the final Judgment. Everything that Satan has ever done evil and wrong to anyone in Heaven, on earth, or in Hellll.. do you understand that Satan AND ALL HIS DEMONS have a final judgement where they will be tormented a million times worse than anything evil they ever did to anyone or anything??? 

An unimaginable, inconceivable reality awaits Satan and his entire Kingdom! You foolish people caught up in this madness on earth, who are “impressed” with technology etc.. all God has to do is turn the lights off and pull the plug.. and nothing wicked man has created works!!!  We look like we have accomplished and achieved so much as humans on the earth .. but ALL we know is equivalent to about one grain of sand in a universe of millions, billions, and trillions of stars and galaxies.., if that! 

Satan is an idiot and a looser!!! The wicked are so deceived, they trade God everyday for thirty pieces of silver!!! The fool and the prideful seriously think they can outsmart God with their inventions and intellect!!! 

Go ahead oh foolish man.. serve your idols, your false gods and false religions, worship your politics and money, gobble gobble gobble everything up you can with your insatiable greed, build your vain cities, your fine castles, exploit the earth, and abuse life … but it shall all surely be taken away from you in a flash of one moment! 

No man can escape God! Jesus is the only way of SALVATION AND ETERNAL LIFE! 

- I warn all of you in genuine LOVE AND CONCERN FOR YOUR ETERNAL SOUL.., every unrepentant sinner out there.., play stupid games with GOD ALMIGHTY.., follow around an idiottt like SATAN and foolish sinners… and i absolutely promise you.. you will win STUPIDDdd PRIZES!!!!! 

God is not to be taken lightly or played with.., we are in the last days.., time ain’t long.. REPENT.. every one of YOU… in the NAME OF THE LORD JESUS CHRIST!!! 

Don’t be deceived.., THERE IS NO OTHER WAY.. JESUS.. is the WAY, the TRUTH, and the LIGHT.. no man can be in relationship, serve, or know The Creator God, outside of JESUS! It is written.., YOU MUST be BORN AGAIN! ,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,
  18. @SOLOTravelsSteve: Just uploaded my first travel video and this makes me realise how much I’ve got to improve 😂 appreciate this
  19. @CamyClipz: nahh that is crazy
  20. @SpeedLovesBurgers: 67

- I Make $300,000/Month with 50 YouTube Channels: Kind: captions Language: en My name is Charlie. I'm 33 years old and I make YouTube videos for a living. So, I actually got started back in 2008. I had a YouTube channel that was dedicated to music covers. I'd play instruments like piano and guitar and I'd have people like my sister sing. And that's basically how I got started in the YouTube space. I did that for a bunch of years all throughout high school and college. And then back in 2017, 2018, that's when I started shifting my content towards personal finance and business. A lot of you guys watching might have seen my main channel, which is the current channel you're watching. But over the last few years, we've built this whole media business that runs about 50 different channels. We have channels in a ton of different niches. So, for example, business, business formation, uh website building, e-com, SaaS. We have a couple music channels, course reviews, GoHighLevel, VPNs, recruiting, crypto, insurance, personal finance. We also have a ton of different channels in other languages. Yeah, it's really all over the place. So, this is a question I get all the time. It's how much money do you actually make as a YouTuber? And I will say my business is quite different than most YouTubers' businesses. Most YouTubers have one or two channels and they focus on one type of content. For me, we do content on a bunch of different things. But I'd say that the glue, like the thing that all these channels have in common, is that they're all educational. They all teach things. And so, yeah, I don't really make much like viral entertainment content. I know my strengths and that's more towards actually teaching people things. In terms of numbers, the media company does about $300,000 per month on average. Some months can dip to maybe the mid 200s, some months into the high 300s. So, there definitely is a bit of range and it can get a little bit scary at times. But yeah, overall, I'm pretty happy with the growth of the company. I started making seven figures back in I think 2021. We stayed at around $1.5 million a year for a couple years and then slowly we've been growing the company, adding new channels, and then finding new income sources. So, in terms of how the income is broken down, I'd say 80% of it is through affiliate marketing. This is basically when we have links in our description and if people use those links, we make a small commission. About 10% is from ad revenue. Then we have like another 8% from brand deals. We don't do these that often. And then maybe 2% from other miscellaneous revenue sources such as course sales and stuff like that. So, yeah, it's heavily affiliate marketing based. This is basically what I consider my specialty with YouTube and it really pairs well with the educational tutorial style videos. I think a lot of other creators, they rely heavily on brand deals and AdSense. For me, I don't really like doing that since that can vary a ton. I really prefer performance-based where we're not getting a flat fee for a video, but we only make money when the video actually converts to sales for a particular company. So, it's basically a win-win and then what I found is that the income cap for a lot of these videos is way, way higher than if I were to have done a brand deal. Yes, sometimes we'll make a video and not make much money or anything at all, but sometimes a single video can make hundreds of thousands of dollars. Essentially, I never want to know exactly how much a video is going to make. That's been the formula for me and I know it is a little bit risky, it's a little bit more scary, but I think that's why we've been able to monetize so well. So, going back to my childhood, I always sort of knew I wanted to become an entrepreneur. I had a lemonade stand, I sold candy in school, I bought and resold stuff online. But eventually, my parents wanted me to become a doctor, I went through the whole like pre-med route, didn't get into med school, tried a bunch of different things, and finally decided I was going to work for myself. Since then, I've done pretty much every single side hustle you can think of. Photography, video, tutoring. I was a tutor for many years in LA. I started a marketing company, I started a clothing brand, and basically the list goes on. I always had a passion for personal finance since I grew up in such a frugal household. That really got me excited to make money, invest money, grow my money. So, essentially, I paired that with my love for video and photography. I started to actually just posting content online. I started doing Instagram and TikTok and gradually I shifted to more long-form content on YouTube. Today, my media company has over 50 people. We have a combination of project managers, of thumbnail editors, video editors. I have my COO. We have a ton of YouTube hosts that help host some of these channels. We have a website team, an AI person. I know I'm missing some people, but yeah, the team's really grown over the years. Almost all of my team is overseas. I've always wanted a remote business like this that didn't really have an office that people had to come to. I love being able to work from home. And so, yeah, our whole team is async. We don't have that many meetings and most of our communication is run on Slack. So, for anyone that wants to make a YouTube channel and start making money, here is my advice. Try not to get into it just because you want to make money. Yes, you can absolutely make money with YouTube, but that should not be your primary goal at the start. When I started my channel, I had zero idea that I could actually make money from it. I simply wanted to create videos because I was passionate about it. I was passionate about the topics I was talking about. And so, yeah, the first, you know, 50 videos didn't make any money. After I started building a base and building some viewership, that's when I started getting into monetization and all that stuff. Another big tip I have is don't try to just make viral videos. Playing the algorithm game is really, really difficult. I think most people are not going to be able to, you know, create a hugely viral channel that gets millions of views on every single video. For me, I knew that that was not my strong suit and I do a lot better just teaching things that I was passionate about. So, if there's anything that you really like, that you are an expert at, that you love teaching, maybe consider starting a channel about that. There's a lot of money in the educational YouTube space and there are so many different ways that you can actually monetize your channel. So, of course, there's AdSense, there's going to be brand deals, there's affiliate marketing, and then probably the best way for most people to monetize their channel is by selling their own product or service. Using that YouTube channel as a lead gen source, a way to generate leads for their own business. I have channels with just a few thousand subscribers that make more money than a lot of these other channels out there with hundreds of thousands or even millions of subscribers. It's really all about the type of viewer, the type of content, and also what you pair that content with, right? Probably a service or some type of business. So, the best niches in terms of the AdSense revenue where you can make, I'd say, $50 to $200 per thousand views are going to be personal finance, right? Maybe insurance, SaaS, different types of softwares, business formation, anything relating to business services. E-commerce is a big one. Uh so, drop shipping, Amazon FBA, all that type of stuff. Credit, VPNs, website building, technology, self-improvement. That's just a list I can think of right now, but there are a ton of high-paying niches out there. So, basically, how the business works is we have a big team of YouTube hosts. They're mostly based in the US. We pay these people a flat fee to basically script and film our videos. Once they film, they'll upload the footage to our team of editors and basically, I have a team of project managers that help to run a bunch of these channels. They're going to coordinate with the video editors, the thumbnails, all those contractors to get that video created, made, revisions, all that stuff, and finally posted onto the YouTube channel. A lot of these channels also have their own channels in different languages. So, basically, what we do is we have a team of people in different countries like France, Indonesia, Philippines, Russia, Germany. And these people are going to basically going to go through all these videos, they're going to translate them, and they're going to do a manual voiceover. After that, they'll edit the native language into the actual video with like captions and subtitles and stuff like that. They're going to manage the whole channel like the the new titles, the new description, the new thumbnail, all that stuff. And so, I find that this is the cleanest way to actually have these language channels and be able to reach a more international audience. Yes, YouTube's dub feature is okay, it's really not that good if you compare it to an actual voiceover. And so, for me, to keep the quality high and to actually have it sound like a real person, I'm actually paying people to do these voiceovers uh manually. So, we use a ton of different tools within the company, but I'd say some of the more stand-out ones are going to be HighLevel. HighLevel is how we run the back-end and funnels and stuff for a lot of our different projects. Frame.io is a tool that we use to actually store a lot of these video files. We can make revision comments on that and I love the software so much. ClickUp is how we do all of our content calendars. So, for every single channel that we have, we have a separate ClickUp calendar. We built out tons and tons of automations that basically streamline the whole video production process from idea to actual posting. Of course, we use tools like TubeBuddy and VidIQ. Those are really important for a lot of YouTubers to have. Slack is where most of our communications are. We also do some communication within WhatsApp. Notion is where we basically plan out and script a lot of our courses. I use ChatGPT a lot to help with, you know, script ideation, helping create outlines. And yeah, every one of you guys watching this should always have a ChatGPT like app open on your computer and use it multiple times per day. So, the way that I find affiliate offers is through a bunch of different affiliate networks. So, Impact Radius, Awin, PartnerStack, these are some of the more popular affiliate networks out there. You simply join it and you can see a bunch of different brands and companies all in one place. A lot of the affiliates that I work with, I have a personal relationship with them. So, this is very important because you're likely going to get much higher affiliate rates. And you also get a lot of support from them since if you win, they also win, right? So, I've spent the last few years really building my network. I attend networking events like Affiliate Summit. And yeah, I work with hundreds of different affiliates and basically, the 80/20 rule applies here, right? 80% of my revenue are going to be from 20% of my affiliates. The way that you figure out which affiliates work for your channel is by simply creating a lot of content, seeing what works, and then simply tweaking. Now, let's talk about omnipresence. I I this is a concept that not a lot of people are able to do in the content creation space, but essentially what this means is you need to be everywhere, right? If you're creating content, there is so much you can do with that one piece of content to basically repurpose for other platforms. You can repurpose content for Instagram, TikTok, Pinterest, LinkedIn even, there's YouTube shorts, and yeah, if you're not on all these platforms, you're limiting the reach of your content. And so, essentially I've built out systems that help me put out and repurpose a lot of this content on all these different platforms. There's literally no way I'd be able to do all this myself. I only have 24 hours in the day, and so yeah, the team building has been extremely important. Learning how to actually hire and delegate people has been one of the biggest things I've learned over the last 5 years. My first hire was a video editor. After that, I got a personal assistant here, who's now worked up to become my COO, my chief operating officer. From there on, I built up a team of project managers and video editors and thumbnail people, all from overseas. I'd say about a third to half of my team is currently in Indonesia. That's one of my favorite countries to hire in. And interestingly enough, that's why I also started my overseas recruiting company called Paired. That's a sister company that's helped me hire some of the most amazing team members that I could ever ask for. I have another channel, Charlie Talks Business, where I really go into depth on some of the team structures. So yeah, if you want to watch that video, I'll link it down below. So, for my typical schedule, I basically wake up at around 6:00 a.m. usually. I'll do a little morning routine, probably hit the gym. A lot of times I'll go out to breakfast with my girlfriend or something like that, and then I get the day started with work. My work schedule varies a lot. No single day is going to be the same. Some days I'm filming videos, some days I'm just doing a lot of planning, some days I'm in meetings. And yeah, I really enjoy the freedom, as well as the fact that no day is the same. I think the time freedom, the location freedom is one of my favorite parts of uh doing business for myself. I've never really liked having a boss. I really didn't like being told what to do or having to come to an office to work. So yeah, that's probably one of my favorite parts about entrepreneurship. That's basically why I've designed my business the way I have. Now, in terms of how I actually manage the team, because yes, a lot of stuff is going on every single day. We're also balancing a lot of different projects and things, and so it can definitely get pretty crazy. So, I have a CEO dashboard. It's basically a Google Sheet that my team prepares for me, and by looking at that sheet, I can see all of the different KPIs, I can see all the output for the different channels, the number of videos going out. And I can get a really good idea of what's happening in the business on a day-to-day basis. We also have most of our team do end-of-day reports, so often I'll review those. At the start of each month, I also set KPIs for the team, so these are numbers that we want to hit, not in terms of revenue, but in terms of actual output. I'm a big believer that you should actually just measure output rather than revenue, because revenue, there's a ton of different factors that can influence it, whereas output is a very concrete thing that we actually are in pretty much 100% control of. Most of the direct communication I do is with my COO. He's going to communicate most of that information to our team of project managers, and then the project managers are going to communicate that stuff with all the other contractors. It's really streamlined, and it's really what allows us to basically create a new channel and have it going with new content in just a couple weeks. We're always starting new channels, trying new things, and actually a lot of these channels will fail and just never make money. But a huge concept I live by is doing volume, doing something consistently to find the actual winner. most of the things are not going to be worth it in the end, but I need to do them to actually identify the winners. I think that's a mindset that a lot more people should have in their life. This makes it so that you don't fear failure. It allows you to fail a lot and realize that that is actually just part of the process. So, in terms of how I reinvest back into the business, I'd say most of it is actually into the team, right? Building the team, finding new people, and with that comes a pretty big payroll. We also invest a lot into equipment, so a lot of filming equipment. I rent out big spaces to have studios. And yeah, content's interesting because you can always have better and better gear, but that's not what I recommend for most people starting out. It's really cool because you can get started building a YouTube channel with just your phone. iPhones are great nowadays, and the picture quality is definitely good enough for most channels. But yeah, I'm a huge believer of reinvesting company money back into the team, growing the team, as well as paying for services that help us make more money. So, where do I see the next 5 to 10 years of content creation? So, in my opinion, AI is getting really, really good. It's getting scarily good, and it's definitely going to affect the content economy. I do think that platforms such as YouTube are really going to have to start throttling AI content. It's just going to get too easy to create content, and there's just going to be like billions of hours of content made every single day, to the point where it's going to be very hard to actually find good, genuine content. If you can still make genuine content in 2026 and beyond, that's going to give you a huge advantage, because most people are going to go the easy route and just create a bunch of content that's like super AI-y. So, if your content can actually be good, be made from an actual person, and have a story or something to actually connect with the viewer, that's going to give you a huge advantage. Content tools are going to get better and better, so pretty much anyone's not going to have an excuse for saying, "Oh, well, I don't have time to edit. I don't have time to do this." A lot of these things are going to get outsourced with a lot of these tools, and it's going to lower the moat for content creation a ton. There's definitely going to be more competition over the next 5 to 10 years, there's no doubt about that. it's going to be extremely easy to stand out if you are genuine with your content. The easiest way to find video ideas is by just browsing your home screen. So, I'll probably spend maybe 30 to 60 minutes per week just going through my home page on YouTube, seeing what videos pop up in the algorithm, and taking inspiration from those videos. Obviously, a lot of my content is also search-based, so I'll search up a very general term, look at what videos are ranking for that term, and basically put those on my content calendar. My counterintuitive advice would just be to not chase views. Only chase views from qualified people. So yeah, if your goal is to make money with YouTube, don't try and create content that gets a lot of general views from everyone. The more specific, the more narrow your audience is, the more money-making ability there is. And you do that basically through affiliate marketing or having your own product that relates to that content. For example, on my recruiting channel, 200 views there could make more revenue than a video on a general channel with 10 million views. And the reason for this is because 200 qualified views could turn into one or two actual paying clients. If a client is paying at least a few thousand dollars, you can quickly see how the math maths. So, I'd say that the reason why my videos tend to do pretty well is because I'm good at explaining things in a somewhat concise way. I had a lot of years of experience actually tutoring kids, and I think that really helped me be able to take more complex topics and be able to simplify it for people. That's what makes my videos a bit more easy to understand in my opinion. If you want to make educational videos, you need to explain concepts clearly. And one rule I go by is if an eighth grader does not understand the content, then it's too complex, right? That's why you need to dumb everything down a little bit, because it makes it easier for literally everyone to understand. Another reason why I am successful with my videos is because I am very consistent. A lot of people will make content for one or two months, they don't see the results that they want to see, and then they just stop doing it. You need to be consistent in anything you do. This doesn't relate just to YouTube, it relates to any business you start. And so yeah, you need to be really patient with the results, but you need to be impatient with the actual action. The action of filming, the action of actually putting out output. How much money did I start with? So, I was lucky because I had already started making money with video and photography, so I had a camera. At the time, I was probably using a camera that was maybe $2,000. My lens was maybe a few hundred bucks. But at the same time, I was doing short form, and I was just doing that with my phone. Content creation is one of those skills where even if you don't do it for the rest of your life, simply trying to do content and learning content makes you a better marketer, and this is going to help you for the rest of your life. It truly is one of the most important skills that I think everyone should learn. Now, I don't want you guys to watch this video and think, "Oh, I just need to start doing a YouTube channel so that I can make money like Charlie." These concepts, they apply to basically any type of business, and as an entrepreneur that's done many different things, I know that you can make money in millions of different ways. The reason why I've done YouTube well is because I'm obsessed with YouTube. I've been watching YouTube for almost two decades now. I watch it when I eat, I watch it in my free time, and I really prefer over Netflix and some of the other streaming channels. Pairing that with my love for the actual topics that I talk about, that's why this works well for me. It might not work well for you, but I guarantee you there's something out there that works extremely well for your skills and your passions. It just might take some time for you to actually figure out what that was. And along that route, there's going to be failures, there's going to be times where you really question yourself and your path, but you just need to get through that path to find the goal at the end of the road. So, if I were to start today, this is exactly what I would do. I'd pick one topic that I was passionate about, I'd make 50 to 100 different long-form videos about that topic. After that, I'd create some type of product or service that relates to that topic. This could be a course, this could be a software, this could be a service. And then I'd always have some type of call to action in my videos to my service or product or company. If you do that, I think you'll have the highest chances of seeing some type of success with YouTube. And it is a very like simple concept, a very simple formula. Yeah, it's a little bit boring, it's not as crazy as going out there and making Mr. Beast type videos, but that's basically how you build a business that has marketing built in right with YouTube that also greatly increases the amount of money you can make with your YouTube channel. So, that's it for this video. I know this is a little bit different than what most of my videos are on this channel, but I really want to make this video because I think a lot of you are interested in YouTube. You might want to become a YouTuber yourself. I think some of the things I shared in this video will really help you out. This is basically the type of video that I wish I could have seen when I started. So, hopefully you guys got some value from it. Anyways, I really appreciate your time. Thank you so much for watching. Make sure to hit that like button, subscribe, and yeah, I'll see you in the next video. Peace. [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @jadormycc8819 [1 likes]: Do you make 300k a month or your company does? I guess I’m asking what is profit vs revenue
  2. @mordecai8707 [1 likes]: This is a great idea but the most valuable idea I got from this was building a remote company 😭 when you’re anti social but business minded, this is the solution
  3. @chrisbenn [1 likes]: How does Affiliate Marketing work if you are a YouTuber in the EU? Can you do Affiliate marketing for US companies, or does that complicate getting paid?
  4. @OptionSpreadProfits: My God Charlie you answered so many questions with this one video. What an amazing job. The one question I have is about your content on all these channels: how do you source/find content for educational channels?
  5. @eBooksEra: can you talk about your strategies and how many hours do you work and sleep
  6. @unbelievabletranquility7648: Fanstastic! I can't wait to explore more of your channel(s)
  7. @helloman3676: Did this dude just say he goes to lunch with his girlfriend or someone like that? 😂😂😂
  8. @annieyi5305: Normally they keep making videos just to make money..no passion in it..Should learnt from mr beast..
  9. @mindful47: I would like to have a YouTube channel just to make an extra few thousand dollars a month and I'll be happy. Perhaps quit my job . Help !
  10. @Itsprobpz: JUST STARTED HOW AM I DOING Y'ALL!?
  11. @RonsFlowState: Great that i was one of your first subscribers and now i found this video! It answered so many of my questions in the way i had after i finished my MBA. Thanks a lot!
  12. @NaomiCalderon-ur2kz: This is awesome! Thanks for sharing ❤
  13. @bbbonito: Links to the other channels? Calling bs
  14. @edwardlin2941: 👍
  15. @MoneySimple.finance: 50 channels omg
  16. @birdsan5925: I desepointed that you have people in russia… 😢 it is so aweful.
  17. @BasicsFinance-Kate: Wait, 50 channels? How big is your team for each? I am struggling to run twos my own, it’s tiring, and I’m not seeing the growth I hoped for so far :(
  18. @modelcitizen1977: I guess this begs the question of why not 500 channels and $3M a month. Do you just hate money? 😂
  19. @phoenixle9304: Why you blinking so much
  20. @ami4266: Lie!

- From Small YouTube Channel to Global Success  How The Vault Changed My Life: Patrick Bet David: Kind: captions Language: en I want to kind of share with you why the Vault has gone from a small little YouTube channel to now 10,000 people attending from 60 plus countries and how it could change your life as well I'm Patrick M David I'm a guy that when I got out of the army I had never had any business experience my dad was running a 99 cent store in Englewood my mother went back to Iran there is nothing about me that I have an MBA or business degree or millionaire father zero right and I decide to go work for Bal as a salesperson and I wasn't a good salesperson I'm a military guy I don't know how to sell almost gave up and went back into the army boom all of a sudden I go to my first event I learn how to sell and these small little strategies I use on how to so started working for me I'm like wait a minute this is pretty intense and then I said I'm going to go be a business owner and start doing a $199 on my own so I quit my job then the fear of quitting your job steady salary steady benefits now you're $10.99 if I don't sell anything I'm broke now I can't make my car payment now I'm in Deb $49,000 now I'm parking my Expedition you know 20 minutes away from my house Galpin Ford can't come and find it and I'm in repo payments are back I have a nexttel phone that I'm paying him $20 so they would turn on my phone for three days at a time because I'm I'm behind on my phone bill for a couple thousand that I can't pay the bills right cuz back in the days it wasn't unlimited I don't know what to do and I'm thinking about going back into the Y I'm like oh my God what am I going to do at this point in my life every single time I hit a wall is because I was alone and I wasn't seeking counsel from anybody

- My 2 apps made $1.5M: Kind: captions Language: en Within the last 12 months, I've built two apps that have generated 1.5 million in revenue. >> This is Kletchi, a 22-year-old from Nigeria who moved to the US with nothing but a dream to build a business. >> You know, I moved to the US with literally only $100 my name >> with his back against the wall in just a few months to prove himself. Kletchi built two apps that changed his life. >> Today, my apps have been downloaded over 700,000 [music] times across the App Store and Play Store. >> His secret sauce, distribution. But it's not SEO and it's not Tik Tok. It's something a little different. >> Here's what I think most people don't understand about mobile apps. >> By using the strategy, he was able to get millions of eyeballs on his idea virtually for free. I brought Kletchi onto the channel to break down exactly how he did it. And in this video, we'll dive into his two apps that made over a million dollars, his secret distribution strategy you've probably never heard of before, and his playbook on how he'd start over from scratch today. All right, let's dive in. I'm Pat Walls and this is Starter Story. Welcome, Kleti, to the channel. Tell me about who you are, what you built, and what's your story. >> Hi, I'm Kishi. Within the last 12 months, I built two apps that have generated 1.5 million in revenue. So, the first one is Social Wizard, and the second one is called Clin. I saw a guy on X talking about how he made a million dollars a month from an app. And right then was when I decided I was going to start building apps. >> Okay. Before we get into the apps that you built, I just want to understand some of the numbers behind this. You've done 1.5 million in revenue. What are these apps and what are some of the numbers behind them? >> Um, so we first launched in, you know, early 2024. I launched my first app and, uh, we went extremely viral. Quickly scaled to about $60,000 a month. Today, we've done over 600,000 downloads. Eventually, after some time, I put that business on autopilot and I launched my second app. And, uh, we hit about 10K in revenue within 2 weeks. and about 4 months later ended up exiting that to a UK based company. >> Okay, cool. I want to dig in a little bit into your first app, the first app that you built, the one that made nearly a million dollars. How did you actually find the idea for this app? >> The concept really came from my first app and it was basically a social application where people shared, you know, pictures in groups. It was called Casp. It grew to a few thousand users and over 20,000 pictures were posted on the app, but I mean eventually failed. And there was one particular girl on the app, you know, she would post all these really personal pictures about herself. I'll see her cooking. I'll see her, you know, working. I'll see her in class. And eventually, I became interested in this girl. And we started texting for a bit, but after a while, it didn't really go the way I planned. And so, I went to the app store and I searched up advice, life advice. I didn't really see any apps that could help me. And so, around this time, this was when OpenAI was really going heavy with the LLMs and I just whipped up like a script and I would get like lines to like text this girl. So, it wasn't even a product, it wasn't an app, it was just some back end I was playing around with. It was a script on NestJS that I had built. Eventually, my friends invited me to homecoming. I gave a few [music] people the app to play around with. And this was probably the first time that my high school friends cared about anything I was working on. That was when I realized that there might actually be something here. And eventually I whipped it together, polished it more, and released the app store. >> Okay, so the idea is clearly working. Your friends finally care about it. You launch into the app store, it becomes a live app. But then what I want to know is once you had the live app in the app store, how'd you grow it to make nearly a million dollars? So the first sale came in, you know, very very late January. We made about $10. I spent the next four weeks trying to crack distribution and uh eventually something stuck. You know, I figured out the viral formats. Literally 2 weeks after that happened, 3.5K in MR after 2 weeks. After 1 month, we had crossed $25,000 in MR. I think by month six, we had cash collected about $250,000. That year probably ended with about half a million cash collected. I haven't spent a dollar on marketing within the last year and we're literally still printing which is really good. >> Okay, Kletchi, so you mentioned something really important which is you cracked distribution. I want you to go deeper though. I want you to tell me how you actually cracked distribution. What was the secret sauce behind Social Wizard where there were lots of other apps that I'm sure did the same thing but didn't make nearly a million dollars like yours? >> I think distribution is really a show don't tell kind of game. With Social Wizard, people just use it for texting. Like that's the main use case that guys use it for. Everyone knows that Instagram is a [music] dating site. I think Instagram is a dating site masquerading as a social network. And we had this kind of like streamer strategy that we used to scale the app. There was a feature on social wizard where you can take the screenshots of a girl's story, put it on the app and it would generate like hints to say. That was the format that ended up going viral. But it took me a while to find that format myself. Initially I was making content myself to kind of find what was going to stick. When I found what kind of, you know, worked, then I went [music] to very, very micro streamers, very degenerate streamers. They hadn't really had any viral moments. Maybe they had some videos that had done like 100k, 200k, but I saw the edge with them because, you know, they were hitting the audience that we wanted. And uh I believe that if we worked with them and took shots with the formats that worked, we would go viral. And that's exactly what happened. So, this is an example of a collab that we did with a streamer. You know, I went to him and said, "Hey, this is the format that is working. A lot of people like to see videos like this. just recreate this. Just going to play for you so you see why this went viral and I'll tell you what we actually ended up getting from this video. >> What's this? Oh my god, look at her. >> If you want to go viral, you need to find a strategy to make the viewer pause. If your video doesn't make people pause, they're going to scroll past. And obviously, you can see why people pause on this. It starts with a very pretty girl. [music] And you know, this is literally where we integrate Social Wizard. He doesn't talk about trying to sell the app. The viewer is watching this like a regular video and he says, "Okay, it's a pretty girl. What do I say to the picture? How do I reply to the story? Everyone is probably thinking the same thing. Everyone watching this video is probably thinking, "How does he reply to this [music] story?" And let's see what he does. >> I don't know what to do. You know what? We're about to use the wizard app. Wizard app always do the trick. >> Start a conversation. I'm going add the picture of her. Flirty. All right. Cook up, please. That pink dress looks like it was made just for you. Planning on stealing any hearts tonight? I'm going to use that one. >> Boom. By this point, we've sold everyone what this product is. They don't even need to finish the clip. Distribution is always a show don't tell game. A lot of people think you need to try and sell your products, but demo what it does. Show people how it works. If they find value in it, they're going to download it. They're going to give you money and your app is going to scale. So, with this particular video, I paid this creator about $120 and the video hit 2 million views and brought in tens of thousands of dollars, which is insane [music] ROI. You can't get this on paid ad. You can't get this on UGC. And that's pretty much it. We took this format and we scaled it over and over and over and over and over again across multiple creators, multiple videos, and yeah, we just kept printing. >> One thing I love about Kletchi's story is how fast he built his apps. He had the idea, built it over just a couple weeks, and started getting users right [music] away. This is the power of what happens when you're using the right tools to build. And this is why I love today's sponsor, Emergent. Emergent is a vibe coding platform that turns your idea into a productionready app just by [music] chatting with AI. You can build full stack mobile apps with React Native, download [music] APKs to test on your phone, and deploy directly to the app store. And if you're building AI apps just like Keni, Emergent's universal LLM key gives you instant access [music] to OpenAI, Claude, and Gemini with no complex API setup required. And the best part about Emergent is [music] everything is production ready from day one. Built to handle real users and real traffic [music] without expensive rewrites. Over 1.5 million people are already building with Emergent. And their apps have hit 15 million ARR in just 3 months. If you're ready to turn your idea into a real app without the overhead, check out Emergent at the first link in the description right below. Thank you to Emergent for sponsoring this video. Let's get back into it. My next question for you would be if you were to start all over again knowing what you know, what would be your playbook to build a successful app right now? >> I think in 2025 product development is not enough anymore. If you don't find a way to tell people about your product, then you might as well not even build a product. Step one is I look at the niche. Is there a large volume of content already being produced in this niche? That's the first question I ask myself. And if the answer is yes, then I'll go to midsize to large creators to make [music] content. If it's no, then I would focus on making content myself. And it's very important that you don't outsource this process [music] because you want to learn as much as possible. A lot of people, they have capital and they just outsource the whole thing and they end up burning so much money and it never makes [music] any sense. Step two, produce the content. And this is where most people get it wrong. Working with creators is also a vol game, right? A lot of people reach out to five creators or 10 creators and they're like, "Ah, it's not working. It's not working." But in reality, you might have to reach out to 100 creators to get one that will work for you. But once you find a creator that is willing to work with you and you put out content with them, it's much easier to get more creators on board because then you can have that creator's video and leverage it to other creators. And all you're trying to do is make [music] clips with the creator to find what kind of works, right? A lot of people think you need to find the viral format from day one. Not really. You just need to find something that kind of works. And it's always important that you make content on Tik Tok when you're trying to find a viral format and not Instagram. It's easier to go viral on Tik Tok on new accounts compared to Instagram. create a page, start making content. I'll start with three videos a day. You know, on let's say two accounts, so you have two accounts, you're making three videos a day, maybe two on one account, one on another account. The goal here is consistency and volume. After a week or two, you scale that up to 10. You scale that [music] up to 20. A lot of people believe in this idea of virality being a luck game. But if you're putting out a 100 videos per day, that's 700 videos in a week. If one went viral, I don't think you would call that luck. You would pretty much think that you earned that. And so, when it comes to distribution, it's never luck. It's deterministic. Go full auto. Create as much volume as possible. One would stick. If you try hard enough, you're going to find out viral formats. Step three, scale. If you're working with creators, you want to work with as much as possible. You want to reproduce your content to reach out to more, more, more. The more you reach out, the easier it is to get in contact with more creators and get them pumping out the same videos. You don't have to go to creators that are directly in your space. They could be adjacent. I'll give you an example. For Social Widget, for example, these micro streamers that we work with, none of them were really making content for [music] our space about social skills. It was kind of a lot of different things. They were making content about Fortnite, you know, people breaking into McDonald's, [music] just crazy stuff. They were reacting to videos, but again, they were hitting our audience and there was a lot of potential I saw with them being able to create content. If you're building an app that is in health and fitness, you could go to cooking creators. You don't have to go to creators who are directly in your niche, and if you try hard enough, you'll find something that will stick. >> Okay, cool. I mean, that playbook is awesome. It's all about distribution. I want to go back a little bit and talk to you about ideas. You launched two very successful apps. You're a very busy guy. You probably have a bunch more ideas for things that could work. Could you share with the audience right now some of your mobile app ideas you have in 2025? >> I think the education niche is massively overlooked. I mean, right now, everyone is building apps in health and fitness and lifestyle, and that's kind of like where the craze is going today. There's so much information out there. You could build an app about how to get better at boxing, how to get better at swimming, how to even get better at persuasion. If you package it properly, I think there's a huge opportunity there. So, I think education is a really good space I think people should start looking into. >> Uh, well, we haven't really talked about it yet, but I'd love to actually see what you build. You have two apps that made $1.5 million. What are these apps? What do they do? >> So, the first one is Social Wizard. It's an AI powered application that helps guys improve their social skills. Most of the users who use the app are within the ages of 16 to 24. I guess what we're selling here is confidence, making it easier for people to [music] uh reply to the DMs they get. For this app, we monetize through subscriptions. It's a weekly subscription about $10 a [music] week. We have a monthly about 20 bucks and there is a yearly for about 80. And the second one is called Clean Eats. Very simple. It's an app in health and fitness. You scan the barcode of a food product and will tell you how it affects your skin or your weights. Most of the users who use this are [music] women within the ages of 18 to say about 28 is the core market. One thing I'll say app founders need to do is when you look at your products, try to extrapolate what you're actually selling. Because when you're looking at cleans, you can say we're trying to sell this healthy [music] alternatives to products, but what is the purpose of being healthy? What is that going to get me? But if you tell me, hey, don't eat this food product cuz it's going to mess up my skin. I am not going to touch it. I think for both apps, really what we're selling was confidence. >> Okay, let's switch topics here. You built these apps yourself. What's the tech stack? How do you build apps, >> right? So for me, I'm a React Native guy. With all these tools today like charge, it's very, very [music] easy to build a very performative app with React Native. For back end, I love NJS. [music] You can deploy that anywhere. Render Heroku, it doesn't really matter as long as the server works. Database, Firebase [music] is my go-to. Very simple, highly scalable, very affordable. And analytics, we just use Mixpanel. Always optimize for a stack that would get your product out there as soon as possible and is highly scalable. >> And on that same note, I want to understand a little bit about the cost to run a business like this. What are the margins like for a solarreneur running multiple apps? For Social Wizard, most of the expenses was really marketing. You know, after Apple takes their cuts, profit margins are really over 90%. Because there wasn't really much we're spending money on. So, every month, we only spend like 1 to maybe 2K on infrastructure cost. These apps barely cost anything to run. You're going to end up spending like 90% of your budgets on marketing. [music] If you do it properly, the cash flow is insane. >> Okay. Well, thank you for sharing that, being transparent about those numbers. The last question that I have for you that we ask everyone who comes on Starter Story, if you could stand on Young Kletchi shoulders before Social Wizard, what would be your advice? Or to anyone who's watching this that wants to build apps, what would you tell them? >> You're not crazy for being extremely obsessed with your goals. You're [music] not weird if you choose not to go out on the weekends because building is all you love to do. And this is something I heard from Alex Mozi. To be exceptional, by definition, you have to be the exception. And I think that's okay. >> That's great advice. Thank you Kletchi for coming on sharing this. Congrats on your success. Two very successful apps. I know people watching this will be inspired. Thank you for coming on. >> Thank you for having me Pat. >> Okay. Thank you to Kletchi for coming on to the channel. I especially liked what he said at the end there about what tech stack to use. [music] Keep it simple. Build stuff that solves problems and focus on distribution. But in order to do that, you need to actually build something. And what better [music] than to build it with all these AI coding tools that are taking off and allowing you to build apps [music] in days. This is why we launched Starter Story Build, which is our program where in just a couple weeks we will show you how to use AI to build anything you [music] want. So whether you want to launch a mobile app or a microsass, Starter Story Build can help you get there. Just head to the link in the [music] description to check out Starter Story Build. I think you're going to love it. All right, that's it for this episode, guys. Thank you for watching. We'll see you in the next one. Peace.

  Top Comments:
  1. @RP-ci8dj [18 likes]: If I was making 1.5 a year you wouldn’t see me making YouTube video
  2. @iammricoflly [3 likes]: Finally one of them not scamming
  3. @starterstory [2 likes]: Grow your mobile app with our cheat sheet: https://clickhubspot.com/dprm
  4. @buzzeins [2 likes]: Bullshit
  5. @mister_mysterium_tremendum [1 likes]: and I made a billion through my sheer good looks. sure bud.... that's why you're on youtube making a video about it right?
  6. @divinefavourraymond777: Wow Nigerian.. there's hope man 🎉
  7. @rcpanes: Hi, you are very humble. I appreciate all your input and advice, Kelechi. Keep inspiring newbie like me. :socialdist:
  8. @EddieFonzarelliTTV0451: Surely aspiring vibe coders have to be proper coders in the first place to really leverage the app, no?
  9. @ThePalatzo: I’ve been watching several Starter Story interviews where developers share how they’ve built businesses generating millions in revenue. What struck me, though, is that many of them appear to live in modest, undecorated apartments based on the video backgrounds - which by the way are not wallpapers.
 If these earnings are real, why do so many successful founders choose to remain in such simple living spaces rather than upgrading? Is this a reflection of lifestyle choices, reinvestment priorities, or perhaps the realities behind revenue vs. profit?
  10. @adl7370: GEMSS
  11. @95katebiel: amazing interview! 😄Thank you so much, your words made me feel better.
  12. @Justin2Game: I made some sick things I just need advide pushing them out or gettintg traffic please someone help me thank you
  13. @mattiaguerriero6108: <3
  14. @mykolaz.0: Nice
  15. @JTLJTL0: The U.S. is not letting someone move to the United States if they don't have a sponsor, proof of family somewhere, or money. So all that coming to America with $100 is false.
  16. @Sam-123-z2o: He paid influencers to make it viral. Very difficult. They can eat all your investments
  17. @lrodriguez0108: Hey I have an app idea which ive been thinking about for months and feel like is a necessity for this generation. An app i wld definitely use. I dont know how to code. Who do  I contact to start working on an app?
  18. @J123-d8j: wow what a lame apps :D people are so desperate. good for him it sells though.
  19. @dungeonsofkards: This is a lie, my friends.....those crap apps dont make 1,5M
  20. @Velmiorr: So incredibly uplifting

- How to Survive Being a Small YouTube Channel (The Truth About Growth): Kind: captions Language: en every day thousands of small YouTube creators give up most creators quit before making it to video 20 because the truth is YouTube takes time it needs more data than you realize and in that time it's easy to get discouraged to compare yourself to others and to stress about your circumstances I'm going to explain the invisible growth phase that happens before every Channel's break through and how to survive it I've been through this moment several times and it never gets easy let's talk about why you shouldn't quit I said this in a video a while back and it's proven to be more true than I ever realized you see success on YouTube isn't immediate turns out your content might have been great all along and it simply takes YouTube time to figure that out growing on YouTube is like planting a tree you can give it water give it sunlight tend to it every day but you won't see the fruits immediately think about what happens when you plant a tree for months sometimes years you see very little visible growth the sapling looks fragile you might wonder if it's growing at all but beneath the surface something important is happening it's developing a root system building its foundation and gathering strength this is exactly how it works on YouTube you spend every day thinking about your channel how to make better content day in and day out but the algorithm has to juggle hundreds of thousands or even millions of different channels it's trying to analyze your video through its SEO and performance with your community every once in a while it'll show you to more people than normal in a short burst to collect a bigger data set but it takes time to know what to do with that all the while established creators have already gone through this process they'll get priority because their content has already been considered those videos with only 100 views they're not failures they're your roots spreading every video you make strengthens that Foundation every person who watches is like a bit of water nourishing your channel every comment is sunlight helping it grow you're building something that takes time to mature and the hard part is not being able to see the fruits until later let me show you something this video of mine took 100 days to reach 999 views and then something amazing happened it found its audience I hadn't made a 3D printing video before this one and I haven't haven't made one since and now it's my fifth most viewed video on this channel or look at this one it did well but then after 6 months it blew up and got the channel monetized overnight this isn't uncommon this is the norm this is the almighty algorithm at work one of the biggest misconceptions about YouTube is that the algorithm somehow punishes small creators this isn't true the algorithm has one job to match videos with the viewers most likely to enjoy them the problem is is that it's slow and you can't see it working YouTube doesn't care if if you have five subscribers or 5 million what it cares about is whether the people who watch your videos engage with them do they watch to the end do they like or comment do they watch another one of your videos afterwards when starting out YouTube is essentially running experiments with your content it shows your video to a small sample of people and if they engage it shows it to more if they don't it stops and it can be hard to prove that your stuff is worth watching if the video itself doesn't have views the thing to keep in mind is that this process isn't hours or days it's weeks to months you don't need everyone to like your videos you just need the right people to find them and if you want to stay ahead on exactly how to help the right viewers discover your content I share tested and true tips and tactics in My Weekly Newsletter the link is in the description now let's talk about consistency but not in the way you might expect the most important form of consistency isn't uploading on a perfect schedule it's consistently showing up for the Long Haul 90% of creators quit within their first 20 videos they plant the seed don't see immediate growth and abandon the garden but here's what happens when you stick with it one your skills naturally improve with each video two you build a small but loyal audience three your library of content grows increasing your discoverability and four YouTube gathers more data about who enjoys your content I'll let you in on a little secret it's often video 20 30 or even 50 that finally breaks through not because it was dramatically better than video 10 but because those previous videos laid the ground workor so how do you actually survive long enough to see grow here are four practical strategies first redefine success early on views and subscribers are the wrong metrics to focus on instead you want to track things like the skills you're developing completion rates of your videos comments and genuine connections and the consistency of your output second you want to find your creator Community connect with other small channels in your Niche comment on their videos join Discord servers participate in communities this provides support collaboration opportunities and keeps you motivated third create with intention don't just Chase Trends or copy what's popular ask yourself what value am I providing that no one else is even in crowded nichas your unique perspective is your advantage and fourth embrace the process the creators who succeed aren't the most talented or well-connected they're the ones who didn't quit they're the ones who fell in love with the process of creation itself and not just the results right now someone out there is looking for exactly the content you create and they just haven't found you yet your job isn't to blow up overnight is to keep showing up keep improving keep nurturing your channel until those people find you remember the videos you're making today are creating the roots for your future success the growth you can't see is still growth so the next time you feel discouraged by low views or slow subscriber growth remind yourself every big successful Creator started as a small unpolished channel that needed time and consistent care if you stop tending to yours you'll never see a bloom keep creating your audience is out they're waiting for you if you're a small Creator watching this drop a comment below sharing one thing you're proud of creating regardless of how many views it got let's celebrate the seeds are planning together and if you haven't started yet and if you're wondering if you should take the plunge there's literally no better time to become a Creator just start start before you're ready when I started YouTube I had to learn all this the hard way and I'm glad that I can share my experience with you and help you to learn these lessons quicker than I did I just made a video going over the 28 things that I wish I knew sooner and I think that you'll get a lot of value out of it do me a favor and watch it next

  Top Comments:
  1. @davejeltema3 [1600 likes]: Thanks to all of you who are leaving a comment and liking the video! I've been feeling discouraged lately so I felt the need to say this for myself and I knew others would need to hear it as well. Hang in there, it's only a matter of time 🌱
  2. @hazharry67 [1 likes]: One question why did I suddenly stop gaining subs?
  3. @SooFunny777: thanks, gives me hope!
  4. @CanuckProspect: My videos might be dookie now but just you wait.
  5. @kirkani2.0: Wow😊😊😊
  6. @arvindprajwal1168: thank you so much 🙏
  7. @Vision-m3t: Thanks
  8. @Get_inspired_by_biggy: Thank you sir this sir helpful
  9. @wagohowardmusic: ALOHA- I have done no editing, no AI, and no paid anything.  I have an authentic channel.. I am FUN  and I am kind.  I enjoy doing this but it takes a lot... JUST KEEP going. if you are doing what you dig, it will happen..  DEEP BREATHE!
  10. @ahiveforgamers: There was a time when watching gaming videos helped me survive my hardest days. It kept me distracted, calm, and sane. Now I make videos hoping I can do the same for someone else.
  11. @StrenghtPionners: Very good advice!  I'm also a small creator but my purpose is to make good music for people enjoy and not to monetize. I saw how people react at my music and I am satisfied with that. 

Big Love from Europe for all you people out there!
  12. @AvalonsCroneMagick: Thanks for this video..I am older and have zero tech abilities. I have downloaded editing apps and end up deleting them because I cant figure out how to use them. I want to improve my skills I just don't know where to go to do it.
  13. @MatWit395: Agreed, my other channel videos average about 10 views which is better than none
  14. @stephaway1: Keep Planting !
  15. @Dhanyyytv: Thank's Dave for explanation!
  16. @TSJChuck: Sitting here in the valley of doom contemplating giving up because I’m in complete total Byrd/creative paralysis due to an impressions crash that somehow happened over the past three months now that led from getting what I thought to be a growing solid impressions base and a channel that might’ve actually been stabilizing that’s now led to you know dropping about 10,000 impressions per video and yeah I don’t even know how to move forward now, because how do you build confidence back after confidence has been thrown out the window
  17. @PatawanCollective: I’m proud of finally started earlier this month. I have showed up and uploaded consistently daily and will continue to do so. It feels amazing and I’m so excited to see where it goes(:
  18. @jaedarzadon: Thanks for pepping me up. Climbing this big-ass mountain. lol. Struggling to get viewership and subscribers and stuck at 100.
  19. @trailchemistrywithbandc: I have a small channel. Just over a month old. Growth IS slow but I am hopeful. I have a series of short called "Hello Baby!" Those are the shorts I am most proud of.
  20. @Pr3ttynProductive: Supporting those, I believe in you!

- How to Survive Being a Small YouTube Channel (The Truth About Growth): Kind: captions Language: en If you've ever felt like giving up on your YouTube channel, well, you're in good company because 71% of content creators have admitted to wanting to quit at some point along their journey. And speaking for myself personally, I have thought about quitting twice over the last 2 years. The first time was month number three where I had backto-back weeks of 20our editing sessions and I was just feeling completely burnt out. The second time was literally right after I got monetized, which sounds really crazy to think because I had just hit this milestone. But at this time, I was feeling so lost and so directionless and I didn't really know what to do. So, this begs the question, what is it about YouTube content creation that makes people want to quit before they even really make any progress? Well, I think the simple answer is that it's just really hard. The more nuanced answer is that you're often times, especially early on, putting in far more work than you're getting in return. And when you do this for months on end, there's no doubt you're going to be frustrated, burnt out, and wanting to give up. So today, I'm going to show you inside the YouTube studio what it looks like to be stuck in that invisible growth phase that many of you might be stuck in. And I'll give you some practical strategies, things that I have done to help me through those difficult times. And I'll show you what it looks like when you get to the other end. This way, you don't give up on your channel. But first, let's start with an analogy. And here's something that I wish I was thinking about way back when when I was thinking about quitting is that YouTube is like almost building a house from scratch. Very early on, it's slow. It's delayed by things that you can't control. And for months, it's just piles of dirt and concrete and lumber. It doesn't look like much, but this is the critical stage of your YouTube channel because you're literally laying the foundation. You're installing plumbing, HVAC, electrical, all of the critical infrastructure that you're going to need to have a proper channel down the line. And early YouTube is very much the same way. As you're getting started, you're working on niche clarity. You're developing content pillars. You're getting more confident on camera. You're experimenting with technology. All of these things are going to become foundational to your YouTube channel success. And now each video that you post, I think about it like a light fixture or a wall socket or an appliance or the flooring or the windows, right? all of the things inside the house that by themselves are pretty boring and bland, but when you zoom out and look at the collective, they're functional, they're stylish, and they're unique to you. Now, most days it'll feel like no progress has been made at all. But then you'll have a week where out of the blue, the entire frame of the ground level goes up, and all of a sudden it feels like a giant step forward. And the more you build, the more the passer buyers slow down to check out what's happening because all of a sudden they can see a little bit of a shape emerge and things are just a little bit more interesting for them. But each stage was predicated on all of the invisible work being done before it could occur. And that's what I'm going to show you right now in the YouTube studio. Early on, it's so easy to think of all of those initial videos that didn't get many views as complete failures, but they're not. I like to think of them as the lights and the wall sockets in all of those rooms in the house that just haven't been used yet because you haven't had any company over. They sit there for months mostly dormant. But the second you have company over, things start to change. Here's what I mean by that. This tutorial I made on split screens in Cap Cut. In its first week, this video got 300 views, which is well below average for my channel. For 6 months, it just sat there not doing much at all. But now that people are discovering my channel, coming over to my house, the appliances are starting to get some use. and it's now sitting at nearly 4,000 views. Here's another example. This is a screen recording tutorial. In the first week, this video got about 600 views, which is actually great for my channel back then, but it took another 9 months before anyone finally stepped on the carpet. And now it's at 5,000 views. So, once your house is moving, ready, and you start having people over for holidays and get togethers, all these components that you've installed months ago suddenly come to life. The Wi-Fi starts working. The guest bedroom gets slept in and everything you've built starts serving its purpose. Now, if you're watching this and wondering, gosh, is there an easier way to get through all of this construction? The honest answer is no. You still have to do all the work, but there are definitely ways to build more efficiently, and that's where my 1:1 mentorship comes in. So, if you're interested in building your dream house, click the link in the description below and let's chat. But here's the real problem. There's a toxic belief that convinces creators to stop construction right as they're making real progress. One of the biggest misconceptions that makes creators quit during the invisible growth phase is this. If my content was actually good, I would be getting views by now. Therefore, I'm not good at this and I should just give up. And this assumption is everywhere. We see successful channels and viral videos and we make the assumption that good content automatically equals immediate views. But here's what I've learned after many months of feeling like the content I was posting was just falling into a black hole is that yes, you absolutely need to make good content. But great content and immediate visibility are two completely separate things. You see, there's a bit of a paradox at play. YouTube needs to know how people are reacting to your content, likes, engagement, shares, comments before they show it to more people. But people can't react to a video that they can't find or that doesn't get served to them. It's like the chicken and the egg thing, right? It's like you don't know what comes first. So the question is what do we actually do? The answer is just don't give up. So think about it this way. AMC didn't cancel Breaking Bad after its first season and lackluster viewership. They understood that good quality content can sometimes take time to find its real audience. And that 47 view tutorial that took you 8 hours to make, it's not a failure. It is a loadbearing beam that's holding up the entire living room. It's just that nobody can see it. Every subscriber is somebody that sees the potential in what you're building. And the algorithm isn't ignoring you because you have a weak foundation. It's simply just trying to figure out what neighborhood you belong in. And so the question isn't whether your house is good enough to deserve visitors. It's are you willing to put in the work to continue to build the house while the algorithm seeks to find people to live on your street. All right. So now that I've beaten this analogy to death, let me share with you a couple practical strategies of things that I have done that help push me through this invisible growth phase. The first strategy to help you through the invisible growth phase is to invest in yourself. And I don't mean watch countless hours of YouTube videos disguised as productivity, but really it's procrastinating because you know you're not going to take action on a lot of what you're learning. I mean really invest, spend the money on books, on a course, on a coach, on a community. When you have some financial skin in the game, you'll take those things more seriously and you'll put them more into action. So I have personally invested a low five figure sum into courses and coaches. And when you make this kind of financial commitment, it sort of forces you to take action and at minimum to try and recoup that investment. But more importantly, it gives you access to the systems, the tools, and the people who have built the thing that you yourself want to build. And so if you're serious about doing this YouTube thing, you want it to become a legitimate side hustle or even a full-time income, it's one of the highest ROI things you can do to expedite your growth. Now, you can definitely grow on YouTube on your own terms for free on your own timeline. Many people have done that in the past, but investing in yourself just means you're accelerating your growth by leveraging other people's expertise and the things that they've learned through trial and error. The second strategy to get through the invisible growth phase is to simplify everything. Now, one of the hardest things about solo content creation is that it's very difficult to focus our energy and attention. There are countless things pulling for our attention, distracting us, sending us down rabbit holes, and helping us to procrastinate when we know we should be doing other things. Getting good on YouTube means having focus, intention, and discipline. So, ask yourself the question from the book, The One Thing. What is the one thing such that by doing it, everything else becomes easier or unnecessary? And for most creators, the answer is the same. It is focusing on improving your content and your content creation process. Stop getting distracted by shiny objects. Ditch the new editing software, the AI gimmicks, or the halfbaked guru hacks that are out there. Work to simplify your thumbnails, your editing process, your scripting process, your filming process. And so remember that at the end of the day, these are just silly internet videos that we're making and there should be joy in the process. So try to remove any friction or resistance that you feel is attached to it. The third strategy to help you through the invisible growth phase is to practice gratitude. You're creating content, you're solving problems, and you're building something from nothing. And oftent times we feel like we're not enough or we should be further along ahead. And this is a common problem that a lot of people feel, including myself. But it's only when we look back and take a few moments to reflect on the ground that we've covered can we find a little bit of peace and start to ground ourselves. It's all too easy to get obsessed with our subscriber count and our view metrics and to forget the real progress that we're actually making. And so that's why I recommend keeping a victory log. So I'll put a link for one in the description below. You can grab it. It's a simple way of giving yourself milestones to work towards and for you to check things off as you accomplish them. So maybe it's sending 10 emails to your newsletter or uploading your 25th video to your channel or maybe it's hosting your first live stream. I recommend you review it every two to three weeks, check things off, add new things in there, and really spend some time to internalize all the cool things you've done on your creator journey. But even with all these strategies in place, there's still going to be moments where you feel like quitting is the only logical choice. But here's exactly why you shouldn't. This image perfectly captures what almost happened to me. You see the guy at the bottom who stopped digging just inches away from those diamonds? This was almost me twice. Here's what it looks like inside my YouTube studio. Exactly 3 months in, I was burnt out from 20 hours a week editing videos. I hit a wall and I wasn't really sure what to do. I was pretty desperate, but I hit record on my next video anyways. And that very next video, it doubled my views and my watch time and almost got me to 1,000 subscribers. Had I had given in and quit, I never would have made that video and I wouldn't be talking with you guys right now. Here's what 9 months in looks like. Between month seven and 9, nothing much happened. I was coming off of a very high high, feeling great, and then things fell off a cliff. But shortly after, another viral moment spiked my channel and set me off for more sustained growth over the last few months. Point is, these moments feel hopeless. But this is where we spend 80% of our time. The goal is to simply sustain and to push through despite the fact that we might not see any light at the end of the tunnel. You just need to have faith that a breakthrough is right around the corner. Now, even with coaching and a community, there were still so many things that I had to learn the hard way. And so, I bottled up 12 months of trial and error into this video right over here. It's how I would learn to grow on YouTube if I could start over. And it's basically everything I wish I had known when I was where you are right now. So, if you go ahead and check that video out, I'll see you over there.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Ty_Myers [33 likes]: Are you feeling stuck in the invisible growth phase? I've been there, don't give up! 
🎯 What’s holding your channel back? Take the free quiz: https://tymyersmedia.com/take-the-quiz
👉 Work with me 1:1 to grow and monetize your YouTube channel: https://momentum-builder.tymyersmedia.com
  2. @TSJChuck [1 likes]: I’m currently sitting smack Dad in the middle of the valley of doom and I don’t know what way is up what way is down what way is around? I thought I knew what was going on. I thought I was in a state of stabilizing and fixing, but I had this mysterious poison pill hitting me of mistaking a click through the rate stabilization for an impressions throttling back like huge throttling back

Three months ago on average, I was getting 8 to 12,000 impressions per video

The next month you’re 5 to 8000 but the clicker rate was stabilizing. I’m thinking things are

The next month I end up getting a whole between two and 5000 impressions on average per video, but this isn’t where I’m trying to introduce this new doctrine of tiling and thumbnails were simplification as the key direct simplification because my audience tends to not want vague clickbait style stuff.  Different audiences required different different hooks so you’re gonna fall flat on your face.

And then this month hits and the below 2000 impressions phase hits or now my current newest upload is sitting here under 600 impressions and four days of upload with like an over 11% click the rate in decent numbers all the way through on everything else, but just 0 current finance on any level given to me by YouTube. How do you fix that?
  3. @veilgrimace [1 likes]: I'm currently a small creator trying to make a name for myself. Growing on YouTube is hard, and never did I think it was easy. This past year, I have found major success and times when my videos don't get any traction at all. It can feel demoralizing when you work hard on a video or a short and nothing happens to it. I don't want to quit because YouTube is my dream; I just think I need to be more patient. I know I will succeed one day, it's just now I feel this immense burnout from content creation and life in general.
  4. @daebakeats [1 likes]: I just started a new channel, but no monetization and views yet... gotta keep trying. we got this!    :)
  5. @joyserene [1 likes]: What is scaring is you put alot of effort and get a thousand all of a sudden one of your Short go viral, from there no views what is happening..
  6. @LanternToons: Great insights🙌 Small creators deserve support too 💛. Wishing growth and success to everyone on this journey ✨
  7. @jackmelar36: I can't see the tracker thought!
  8. @EpicRiseChronicle: To everyone who is reading this and hasn’t been monetized, I hope you become successful with your channel. Trust the process and never give up! We will get there!
  9. @feli-nexusjourney: 0:06  I can relate 🙋🏻‍♀️🤩
  10. @divinehelp-d5g: Never give up..
  11. @SmallChannelsNailed: Growing takes time & a lot of work. Patience is the key. I'm here to help & be helped in return but only for those who have at least a touch of interest in my lil cnr 😊⚘️
  12. @silemonter: New youtuber is here. Good luck to everyone.
  13. @justephanie: decided to start my own channel couple months ago, hang in there guys🔥
  14. @MwiseGaming: Appreciate the insight fr fr!! The grind keeps going but a good grind
  15. @cozynightswithyam: Thanks for the advice ❤ I’ve also just started my channel recently because I truly enjoy creating videos… and honestly, I also need to earn money to support myself.
But right now, I don’t have any subscribers yet hehehe, which feels a bit discouraging sometimes :((
Still, I’m trying to hold onto hope that one day and maybe one day it will work out 💛
  16. @ronavchh: This video really stands out… the way it connects the message with real impact makes it genuinely worth watching 👏
  17. @Africanheritagetales: Small YouTubers let's gather here.lets grow
  18. @OnlyUptrendzz: Small youtuber here 😢
  19. @TheSoftLanternChannel: Was in depression and autopilot mode, and anxious for anything new coming up, along with sleep issues. Thats when a month back I started this sleep relaxation channel , was hard , had to learn editing, production , pay apps for premium versions and others amidst hectic job , but almost with no likes with minimal views. But wont stop,  Im happy that at least I could help someone relax with my videos and to all creators there, just hang in, stay consistent and improvise, worst case we tried and we enjoyed the process ❤
  20. @rendertezgaming: This is the 8th month of my tiny gaming channel. 

I have consistently showed up every Saturday and I work on improving my edits / thumbnails and videos every time.

But lately I have been going nowhere, and it feel like all this work will never pay off. People tell me gaming is the hardest channels to grow on Youtube, and that it's not worth it. 

I get 1 comment a month sometimes telling me I made their day... that is the only reason I'm still here. I wish I'll get my break one day. If not for me, I wish all the other small youtubers get their wishes fulfilled. Cheers.

- THIS is Why You’re NOT GROWING On YouTube!: Kind: captions Language: en - If you've been on YouTube for more than six months and you still haven't hit 100 subscribers, you're not alone. If you've published more than 50 videos and you're still struggling to get more than 17 views, That's because the simple truth is YouTube is hard, just ask this guy who thinks it's harder than becoming a lawyer. But if you don't believe him and the countless creators who work day in and day out to make a success of their YouTube channels, let's take a look at some quite scary numbers. As of February, 2023, there are over 114 million active YouTube channels. And of those 114 million YouTube channels, less than 2% have 10,000 subscribers or more. Yeah, just let that sink in for a second. Only 2% of all YouTube content creators have over 10,000 subscribers. Are you shocked? Are you intimidated? Do you feel like this is impossible? Let's spin a positive light on this. If you've reached just 1/10 of that number, 1,000 subscribers, congratulations. Yeah, this deserves a pat on the back because you are outperforming over 91% of all other YouTube channels. You are almost literally in the top 10%. We, as creators, tend to be really hard on ourselves. We feel like we're miles away from our goals, especially when we publish another video that gets a 10 of 10 ranking. It's sad, it's unfortunate, but it's understandable. You see, one of the problems we all have is a really bad habit, comparing ourselves to others. And because of the way the YouTube algorithm works, we, as creators, only see our best competition. And so more often than not, you're actually underestimating how well you're doing. Becoming a YouTuber takes a lot of work. Just look at some of the jobs you need to be doing to be creating content on YouTube. You've gotta do all that and do it well to stand out from your competition. And trying to master all of these things isn't even the hardest part of it. It's finding the time to do it. Most creators do YouTube in their spare time when they have a few hours here and there. Well, let's just imagine for a second that you could do YouTube full time. What would it be like? When you start a full time job, typically you spend the first month doing something called onboarding and training. That's at least 20 days of consistently showing up, learning and improving. And after a month, you probably have at best sort of an understanding of what you're doing. And in that first month, you're probably not being judged on performance. In the first month, you are likely in the mindset of I am here to learn. In short, if it's a good place to work, there is no pressure on you immediately. So why do so many people treat YouTube differently? You ain't gonna be the world's greatest creator from video one. So let's take the pressure off you and treat YouTube as your first month in a full time job. Just turn up, be consistent, and create to learn. Don't judge yourself and don't rush to quit, and turn those first 20 days on the job into your first 20 videos on YouTube because I guarantee you, the difference between your first video and your, put a number here, editor, because I haven't got 20 fingers, will be astonishing. And we can't really measure your YouTube success by days because most people do this as a side hustle. Let us know in the comments below, how many hours a week are you putting into your YouTube channel? Two, four, 10. It's not 40, as much as you would like it to be, is it? And that makes the journey so much longer, which makes it feel so much harder. Just how long? Well, according to data from Tubefilter, it can take an average of 22 months to get 1,000 subscribers on YouTube. For many, it takes longer than that, but don't sweat it. Remember, in terms of monetization, you can take as long as you need to reach that subscriber milestone. Focus on smaller manageable goals, 10, 20, 50, 100 subscribers. You cannot knock these off in days, weeks, months, rather than potentially years. These smaller steps will keep you motivated and build momentum to the point that you won't even realize you've passed 1,000 subscribers. Trust me, that happens to so many creators on their YouTube journey. But if we're not talking about subscribers, we're talking about views, and the numbers there are just as frightening. You've likely heard this statistic before, more than 500 hours of video are uploaded to YouTube every single minute. But what you probably don't know is how YouTube audiences react to all of that content. According to a study by pex.com, 90% of YouTube videos get less than 1,000 views, and less than 1% of videos generates over 80% of total views. That, my friends, is all the work of the evil YouTube algorithm. This is why it is incredibly important to focus on a niche and to identify your target audience. Remember that it's YouTube's job to find the right video for the viewer, not to find viewers for your videos. And that is why it always comes back to consistency. If you're always showing up for your audience, delivering content that they like, YouTube is gonna go out and find similar viewers to the audience already watching your videos. That's why in your analytics, if your return viewers are going up and your average views per viewer are going up, your channel is healthy and growing. So is getting your first 1,000 subscribers or your first 1,000 views on a video the hardest thing you will ever do on YouTube? Probably. Check out some of the biggest YouTubers on the platform, MKBHD, MrBeast, Markiplier, they didn't get there overnight. Here's another slightly made up number that probably underestimates the problem. 99% of creators who don't reach 1,000 subscribers give up too soon. So if you are on your way to your next milestone, whatever it is, 1,000 subscribers, 100 subscribers, 1 million subscribers, this is the message I have for you. If you keep going, you'll make it because you can't fail if you don't quit. So we've talked about 1,000 subscribers, 1,000 views, what number are we missing? 4,000 hours of watch time. This video will sort you out with that.

  Top Comments:
  1. @vidIQ [65 likes]: 🚀 DO NOT CLICK THIS... SERIOUSLY! - https://vidiq.com/secretpage
  2. @Genius_Electric_Learning [1 likes]: It took me 2 years to get atleast 100 subs 😅 and idk how i can like get a hold
  3. @RythzYT [1 likes]: I will upload gd content everyday till i hit 1k subs the era begins today
  4. @blackvenom07 [1 likes]: Okay atleast I got 2k..😭🖐️So in top 10 right?
  5. @emir_your_local_dwag: I have 47 or smthn vids and my vids get less and less watch time :(
  6. @jackwestheadphoto: I’m on the way 😅 long journey ahead
  7. @2FUEL: I have an issue with people not subscribing and I am really annoyed. People see my videos as I have 105k in total in views are mostly shorts (struggle with normal videos but expect it) and some of my shorts gets more views and likes as one my shorts have 140 something likes and one have have total 20k views, and just to get 92 subscribers? I see channels that barely gets 1000 views in shorts and 100 views in total in normal videos or barely have total views like 2k and have 300 plus subscribers. I am thinking like what?? It totally annoys me a lot.
  8. @Augymemes: stfu this is just a rant video absoluetely useless
  9. @YouTubeOperatorAcademy: Sequencing matters more than speed.

Publishing → Packaging → Retention.

In that order.
  10. @imactuallynoob: Why is it that im gettting views but not having a single subscriber?!
  11. @UKSecrets-j3g: i think this is true guy
  12. @ForcedGrowthLab: I started a brand new channel today to test this.
The early signals already look different.
I’ll post the proof publicly.
  13. @TinyMagma: I only got 26 subscribers and 53 vids lol
  14. @MianSaidSarwie: Make 93 videos
  15. @MianSaidSarwie: I’m quitting YouTube. I’m not reaching the 1000 and 1 million subscribers.
  16. @consumerdebtchitchat: I started my YouTube channel 2019 with a stuffed animal sitting on the bed. Long story there. I work 20 hours a week on it now in 2025. After taxes it pays 6 months worth of my bills. I'm ecstatic but the road is hard as hell and continues to be 😂.  Vidiq has been with me the entire way.
  17. @Solo-Brush: i am putting 10 years 
but not growing
  18. @IrfanRasheed609: By By.I am leaving it.
  19. @IrfanRasheed609: I am working since last year.I have spent more than 4010 hours but you calculated less.I am leaving You tube.
  20. @IrfanRasheed609: Also show my Comments

- How to Get Out of Small Channel H3LL, Forever: Kind: captions Language: en we need to be real Here YouTube Simply isn't the same for small channels as it is for larger channels in fact let's play a game howdy Audy everyone Nate here in the small channel game on YouTube there are two places that we could be we can either be hidden and struggling forever and ever and ever or we can be visible and do specific things to get out of that hid in place forever you see as I've been recently working with hundreds of YouTube creators one-on-one having access to the analytics of the channel itself a few things have started to become very clear to me number one is that small channels have different rules they don't perform the same as larger channels and in fact I'm going to give you some examples of how the rules are different for smaller channels on this channel that you're watching right now when I upload a 4K video a high resolution video which all of my videos are it takes about 2 minutes for that video to process before it is essentially ready to publish right then now contrast that with a client's channel that is significantly smaller when we upload a video to that channel same thing 4K resolution similar length of video it takes at least an hour to 2 hours to process another example and this comes from multiple clients Channel I have seen the behavior over and over again of publishing a video having a spike and then a flatline meaning that the algorithm decides to test that video and then stop giving Impressions to that video for a period and sometimes that pattern will repeat you'll have a test period of flat and then another test period and then another flat and I could go on and on with how the rules are different for smaller channels and in fact I am going to give more examples throughout this video the important thing here is we are not mongering is that the right word we're not complaining here because as far as I can tell with the examples I gave the faster processing time on my Channel versus a smaller Channel it makes sense that if a channel has more data to work with and more audience to prove their stuff with then they'll give more allocation of resources to that Channel versus a brand new or a smaller Channel it also does make sense and this may be slightly controversial here it makes sense that if there's a limited amount of Impressions to give to all of the YouTube users on the YouTube platform they would give slight priority to larger channels if for no other reason then again the larger channels have more proven content they have a backlog of videos that are showing that they're more successful with their audience and so I'm seeing this Impressions than Flatline Behavior being a testing period Behavior which I'll explain a bit more of that later on so if smaller channels have different rules than larger channels because of the various reasons I've listed and many more that I couldn't fit into this video what do we do about it we make it so that your channel cannot be ignored we make it so that your content is the best content that it can be and we make it so that you as the creator of that content are no longer hiding you're choosing to be radical you're choosing to stand out and face fears and do things differently which will lead to this visibility all right so how do we combat these different rules that small channels have we do it with this focused data what we need to do here is give the algorithm give the YouTube platform more data and if you want a real human way to explain that it's more videos it's more content no matter where you are with your small Channel at this point if you find ways to give more videos for the algorithm to test it's almost always a positive thing as long as those more videos are still quality videos as quality as you're capable of so I hear you we're watching this and you're thinking Nate I want to give more videos I want to do more of these things I want to give more of this focused data to the algorithm but I'm just booked up I have thought long and hard on this especially since it's something that I myself have struggled with there is a book that I read or more listen to recently that absolutely transformed how I looked at this I'm going to put a link to the book in the pin comment if you want to get it for absolutely free but in that book it describes the concept of dropping everything else intentionally just dropping everything else that doesn't give you the focus that you want and it gives really viable strategies for how to do that how to allocate your time in order to do that well so what I'm suggesting here is if you feel like you are in small Channel heck I do that for the algorithm then you get really decisive in cutting off the things that are not contributing to publishing more quality videos because the more tests that we give the algorithm the YouTube platform the more likely it is that you will finally get the traction enough to have that proven backlog of content it's going to work and if that is your goal to get out of this small Channel heck forever drop everything else and do this all right the next thing that keeps your small Channel hidden is this Boop the like button on this video how did that get in here oh my goodness how how did that get in here but really if you're liking the presentation of this video and it's being eye opening and helpful to you I'd love if you booped the like button on it thank you for doing that but really here's the next thing every small Channel faces this audiences literally act different around small channels than they do around large channels and this has much less to do with the YouTube platform itself and much more to do with human psychology which the YouTube algorithm tends to follow you see for small channels audiences act I put strange because that was the shortest way I could say of they act differently in a lot of different ways like for example the types of people that are willing to comment on a brand new channel on a video without many or any other comments are very different than the types of people who are willing to comment on a video with lots of comments in fact Let me Give an example have you ever been to a farmers market where there's a lot of people selling stuff they got their booths set up and they're they've got stuff all set out on the table and they got their price tags and they're just kind of sitting there expectantly have you ever been to one of those how do you as a person Meandering around this farmers market behave differently in front of a booth that has a bunch of people crowded around it versus a booth with no one in front of it in fact you can see the the person sitting behind the table at the booth and they make eye contact with you a mile away and you make eye contact with them and you're still a mile away from them and you're walking up to it how do you act differently there's too much pressure it's the same thing as when you go to the mall and you walk into a clothing store and there's like five employees and one of you you feel like you're getting to get ganged up on it's not a direct parallel but there are more parallels than you might think between those two scenarios that that I just explained and smaller audience Behavior so the audience that you get are the type of audience that are okay with being early adopters they are okay with being the only person at this booth looking at your trinkets they have the time of day to do so meaning they are willing to take a bit more of a chance with you versus a larger channel that is proven that they know how to make quality videos that respect people's time more so they're willing to take a chance but also they're often very into a niche further into a niche than the general or broader YouTube audience now the algorithm does actually treat this differently as well they give Impressions somewhat differently for a small Channel audience as well how do I know this well have you ever gone really into a niche like you've watched a extensive amount of videos on a certain specific topic or a certain Niche you've watched a whole bunch of them in a row on YouTube have you ever gone back to your home feed or the home screen on your mobile or desk Des toop and seen small channels pop up like videos with 15 views on them my theory here is the more an audience member shows their deeper into a niche the more likely the algorithm is to show smaller channels videos to that Niche which is one of the arguments for the so-called niching down because you're more likely to appear to that Niche okay so real talk here how do we combat the audience acting differently we do it with this your channel just is smaller and that is a fact so it's actually greatly to your advantage to acknowledge that and acknowledge that with your audience when your audience comes to one of your videos and feels like wow this person is present they're authentic they're acknowledging where they are and of course they're going to do great things in the future they really respect that so you bringing them into your videos and expecting them to be there and enjoy the experience with you with your presence does huge things for you and I've said this before I'm going to say it again here when you start getting comments to the tune of wow why isn't this channel bigger or comments addressing you directly saying thank you so much for making this video this this video deserves way more views than it has when that starts happening that is one of the indicators that you're doing this right the next thing that keeps your SM the next thing that keeps your small Channel perpetually hidden unless you change it is this blind spots I have a unique perspective here in that this is what I do and I am interacting with creators like yourself along the whole Spectrum from brand new to very very successful every single day across the board when I sit down with someone this is going on at least in some degree you see we all have blind spots when we're trying to accomplish something there are things that we're just not seeing or ideas that haven't been introduced to our mind or awareness yet but this is exacerbated in smaller channels because we don't have as much data to work with we don't have as much realtime feedback from the audience because our videos are more hidden and that is a huge disadvantage unless you're able to intentionally get outside perspective in fact that is perhaps the number one thing that I see when I'm talking with creators like yourself it's hard to know what to focus on or not so how do we combat that with this what I am calling removing the box or essentially getting yourself outside of yourself and your own creation bubble to see what's happening from a third-party perspective because answer me this have you ever built a large YouTube channel before if that's a no then you're being able to see it before or you've done it will be a huge Advantage for you it's one of the reasons why I do my roast videos here on this channel aside from them being all about heck fire and and darn nation and by the way I don't have any issues with swearing I just intentionally don't put them in my videos because it's just not my brand but where was I oh yes roasts it's one of the reasons why I like to show as many real examples as I can because it allows me to put you as a viewer outside the box and deconstruct what I am seeing as a third party perspective so what you need to combat these blind spots is to get outside the box to remove the box and get outside perspective outside thought patterns I have a video in the works about this very thing collaborations and getting outside perspectives on what you are producing I am going extensive with it using real examples and real processes that I have used with great success so I am going to put that here when it's ready in the meantime let's focus on this one focused data what are the next most important focuses we can do to give the the algorithm as much of the correct data as possible in order to do that you'll watch nothing stop me I'm moving up the chain light camera AC feel a be in my veins

  Top Comments:
  1. @ThatNateBlack [437 likes]: UPDATE: things have changed! I've found 3 layers that make the difference for small channels (which one are you in?): https://youtu.be/7KL_zwHd2yM

The book is called Essentialism. I've been listening to a LOT of books this year, and this one is top tier so far!
  2. @Milowvc [8 likes]: Thank you for sharing 🎉🎉Im not giving up on my channel 💪💪 Eye of the Tiger 🐯🐯🐯🐯🐯🐯🐯🐯🐯🐯🐯🐯🐯🐯🐯🐯🐯🐯🐯🐯🐯🐯🐯🐯🐯🐯🐯🐯🐯🐯🐯🐯
  3. @ETCgamer23 [1 likes]: I'm a small channel. Can I have help?
  4. @TheHornedKhagan [1 likes]: wow i myself struggle with should i post just gameplay or just geopolitics through ck3 lens or should i post both this was helpfull but it did not answer this question for me
  5. @abyGetinspired [1 likes]: Small YouTubers let’s grow together 😊
  6. @godlygirls-2: Second time I've watched this, and I still learned more, thank you!
  7. @Orphyunn: One of the worst parts of being a small content creator is spending hours editing a video and get 0 views. But screw the views, we ball
  8. @TheBelovedLifeco: I’m on the struggle bus over here .  I get pumped and positive …work extra hard and improve ..only to get low views AFTER having one go over 38k.  The videos after are noticeably better.   It’s been 10 videos ago now.  I’m lost about how this works
  9. @VonikaISHere: Very happy for this
  10. @Rogandos: Sometimes I feel like this dream is the only thing I have left to hold onto… the only chance I have to build a better future for my kids. And when things get hard, when ideas stop coming, when I don’t know what to create anymore, it destroys me inside.

People think content creation is easy because all they see are videos and smiles… but they never see the pressure, the sleepless nights, the overthinking, the fear of failing the people you love the most.

I love doing this with all my heart… but lately, the harder I try, the more it hurts. Every overtime, every exhausted night, every moment of self-doubt feels heavier and heavier.

And the saddest part is… I can’t even quit. Because this dream is no longer just for me. It’s for my children. Their future is attached to every upload, every idea, every sacrifice I make.

Sometimes I smile in front of the camera… while secretly fighting tears behind it.
  11. @Starry1-e1y: It's actually an Interesting way to tell your idea.
  12. @GraphitePsychology: Good stuff, informative
  13. @Mr.CorvYT: I already gave up 💀 I spent $400 on AI tools in 2 weeks for my high-quality videos. Also put like 10 hours of time into them collectively. All for nothing AND my videos are higher quality than 90% of videos on YouTube. Make it make sense. 🤷
  14. @hughgibbstv: Thank you for sharing these really helpful and insightful elements of Youtube. Really eye opening thank you - Hugh
  15. @reidjaxon: It’s less about sudden change and more about incentives, scale, and regulation gaps over time
  16. @AREPUBLICOFIDIOTS: How do you make more videos when you are making high quality stop motion videos?!
  17. @pinactivechannel: In the past eight months I changed my niche three times from keto cooking to calm Tokyo life to the current one which is about personal finance. I also switched the language from English to Chinese. For the current niche I have made ten videos but only get 50-100 views on average. Should I start a new channel?
  18. @rendertezgaming: This is the 8th month of my tiny gaming channel. 

I have consistently showed up every Saturday and I work on improving my edits / thumbnails and videos every time.

But lately I have been going nowhere, and it feel like all this work will never pay off. People tell me gaming is the hardest channels to grow on Youtube, and that it's not worth it. 

I get 1 comment a month sometimes telling me I made their day... that is the only reason I'm still here. I wish I'll get my break one day. If not for me, I wish all the other small youtubers get their wishes fulfilled. Cheers.
  19. @Iamabaffoon: New channels forever!!!
  20. @chrisfan-c5z: It is really useful, i also make my own channel but no one watch

- How to Trick YouTube into Growing Your Channel: Kind: captions Language: hi तुम algorithm को हरा नहीं सकते! But इसे trick करके channel grow कर सकते हो! मुझे याद है जब मैंने YouTube शुरू किया था, मैंने बहुत मेहनत की, but channel stuck था! भले ही सब सही कर रहा था, मुझे wonder हुआ, कुछ channels algorithm द्वारा pick होते हैं, कुछ नहीं सालों तक? मैंने किस्मत नहीं मानी! मैंने गहराई में देखा और कुछ tricks notice कीं जो छोटे creators कर रहे थे उनके channels के take off होने से पहले, but मैंने overlook कर दिया! इस वीडियो में, हम uncover करेंगे चार simple tricks जो channel की growth fast track कर सकते हैं। ये algorithm को content push करने के लिए मजबूर कर सकते हैं। और नहीं, मैं ये नहीं कहने वाला कि किसी और के video ideas या strategies चुरा लो। वो मदद कर सकता है! अगर सही तरीके से किया जाए। But मैं उन strategies की बात कर रहा हूँ जो सीधे impact करती हैं कि algorithm channel के साथ कैसे deal करता है! पहली चीज जो तुम करना चाहोगे वो है algorithm को signals देना कि channel किस बारे में है! जो simple लगता है, but तुम हैरान हो जाओगे कि कितने creators इसे सही तरीके से करने में fail हो जाते हैं। और हाँ! एक सही तरीका है। Imagine करो, तुम एक नया channel शुरू करते हो और पहला video launch करते हो। तुम excited बैठते हो, views का इंतजार करते हो, और फिर वो नहीं आते! क्यों? Well तुम यहाँ नए हो। Algorithm नहीं जानता कि तुम किस बारे में बात कर रहे हो, किसे video दिखाना है, या channel किस बारे में है। तो अगला क्या होता है 50% chance है कि तुम दूसरा video post करोगे और 50% chance है कि नहीं करोगे। चलो optimistic chance लेते हैं कि तुम एक और video post करते हो। फिर से, तुम वहाँ बैठते हो views का इंतजार करते हो। कुछ और views आते हैं, but जितना expect कर रहे थे उतना नहीं। तुम शायद devastated, disappointed हो। और तीसरा video बनाने की chances थोड़ी और गिर जाती हैं! और वो गिरती रहती हैं- हर frustrating कोशिश के साथ। अब तक ये इतना common हो गया है कि इसका अपना नाम है। The first valley of death! या जहाँ कई creator dreams मरने जाते हैं। तो, तुम कैसे fail होने से बच सकते हो इससे पहले कि शुरू भी करो? Well, तुम सच में इसे overcome कर सकते हो। और ये एक trick है जो बड़े YouTubers अपने clients को recommend करते हैं। ये कुछ ऐसा है! जब हम एक channel launch करते हैं, हम इसे पाँच videos के साथ launch करते हैं! ये हमारे लिए एक hard and fast rule है। ताकि लोग first week में एक significant watch time journey पर जाएं। ताकि YouTube को लगे, "Wow, ये एक great channel है!" जो लोगों को देखने के लिए मजबूर करेगा और वो सच में engaged होंगे। तो तुरंत, तुम channel को 0 से 100 पर jump start कर रहे हो बजाय 0 से जैसे 10%, 15%। फिर शायद मैं उस next video तक पहुँच जाऊँ। वो Matpat है! तुमने उसके बारे में सुना होगा, game theorists के mastermind और छोटे channels को grow करने में मदद करने वाला consultant। वो जानता है कि वो किस बारे में बात कर रहा है। और जो वो यहाँ समझा रहा है वो सबसे बड़ी mistakes में से एक है जो नए creators करते हैं। एक video के साथ launch करना, या और भी बुरा, एक खाली channel। उसका solution? पाँच videos के साथ launch करो। और इसका algorithm के साथ कम से कम दो फायदे हैं! पहले, एक साथ पाँच videos upload करना audience को दिखाता है कि तुम channel के बारे में serious हो। ये demonstrate करता है कि तुम्हारे पास एक clear value proposition है और content की variety है। ये trust build करने में मदद कर सकता है और viewers को subscribe करने के लिए encourage कर सकता है, क्योंकि अब वो देख सकते हैं कि तुम value provide करने के लिए committed हो। दूसरा, और यहाँ algorithm आता है, जब तुम्हारे पास multiple videos होते हैं, viewers content binge watch करने की ज्यादा संभावना रखते हैं! अब तुम उन्हें एक video से दूसरे video तक ले जा सकते हो, जो तुम नहीं कर पाते अगर तुमने सिर्फ एक video के साथ launch किया होता। बस ऐसा करके, तुमने successfully और significantly watch time boost कर लिया है, जो algorithm को बताता है, hey, ये channel engaging है और लोगों को देखने के लिए मजबूर करता है। जो obviously YouTube सुनना पसंद करता है और और चाहता है। But ये launching strategy matter नहीं करेगी! बिना mastering अगले trick के। पाँच videos post करने की strategy बनाना बस शुरुआत है, क्योंकि तुम्हें ये सुनिश्चित करना होगा कि video topic potential रखता है। Video topic का मतलब हो सकता है 100,000 views और 100 views के बीच का फर्क। अच्छी खबर ये है एक तरीका है जिससे तुम सुनिश्चित कर सकते हो कि तुमने एक अच्छा topic चुना है! अब, कुछ tools हैं जो तुम्हारी मदद कर सकते हैं YouTube channel के लिए एक great high view count topic के साथ आने में। और सबसे अच्छी बात ये है वो पूरी तरह से free हैं! तो तुम इन topics को कैसे ढूंढते हो? Easy! चलो एक tool से शुरू करते हैं जिसके बारे में हर कोई जानता है! Google Trends. Google Trends इस समय क्या popular है इसका general sense पाने के लिए great है! तुम देख सकते हो कि लोग क्या search कर रहे हैं और broad trends identify कर सकते हो। उदाहरण के लिए, अगर तुम search करते हो true crime, तो तुम देख सकते हो कि ये consistently popular topic है जिसमें interest के various spikes हैं! ये एक general idea देता है कि true crime content की demand है। specifics पर hone करने और video's potential maximize करने के लिए, तुम्हें कुछ powerful चाहिए। यहाँ VidiIQ आता है! चलो tool पर jump करते हैं और देखते हैं ये कैसे काम करता है। Keyword inspector तुम्हें Vidiq score देता है, जो search volume और competition को मिलाकर topic की potential success दिखाता है! मान लो True Crime! इसका high search volume है लेकिन high competition भी है! तो हमें गहराई में जाना होगा। अपनी search refine करो। बेहतर potential वाले related keywords ढूंढो, जैसे True crime documentaries या True Crime Stories। इन variations के लिए VIDIQ scores check करो। True Crime Stories का moderate competition है लेकिन अच्छा search volume है। नई opportunities discover करो! Related keywords से specific niches explore करो। तुम आ सकते हो True Crime Mysteries Unsolved पर, जिसका high Vid IQ score है ये trending topic है जिसमें कम competition है। तुमने न केवल popular trend identify किया है, बल्कि refine करके specific angle ढूंढा है जो तुम्हें success का best chance देता है! ये तुम्हारा समय बचाता है और ensures कि तुम्हारा content larger audience द्वारा discover और देखा जाएगा। और सबसे अच्छी बात, तुमने guesswork को data-driven strategy में बदल दिया है। और proof देखो। बस type करो True Crime Stories Unsolved YouTube पर और views check करो। वो millions में हैं, indicating कि ये topic है जिस पर लोग click करते हैं! लेकिन click कराना बस शुरुआत है। Hard part उन्हें अंत तक देखने के लिए मजबूर करना है! ये एक straightforward formula है। जितना लंबा तुम उनका attention hold कर सकते हो, उतना higher watch time। ये YouTube algorithm को तुम्हारे channel को बढ़ती audience के सामने लाने के लिए prompt करता है। और यही कारण है कि तुम्हें इस simple trick का उपयोग करना चाहिए जितना तुम सोचते हो उससे way more! तुम्हारी retention explode करने के लिए। अगर तुमने Dodford के videos में से एक देखा है, तो तुम पाओगे कि वो एक storytelling genius है। उसकी storytelling seamless है, captivating है, और ये तुम्हें अंत तक बनाए रखती है। मैंने गहराई में जाकर देखा कि वो क्या कर रहा है और पाया उसका एक Twitter thread जहाँ वो reveal करता है एक secret scriptwriting hack। इसे कहते हैं the three act structure और वो इसके बारे में बार-बार hint करता है। तो तुम इसे अपने watch time को बढ़ाने के लिए कैसे use कर सकते हो? उस framework को follow करो। सिर्फ एक बार नहीं, बल्कि हर नए segment के साथ। एक hook add करने पर विचार करो जो curiosity को pique करे, एक story या example जो तुम्हारा point समझाए और केवल lesson दो अंत में! और सबसे महत्वपूर्ण बात ये है बस इसे बार-बार करते रहो पूरे script में ताकि तुम interest को catch कर सको ठीक उस समय से पहले जब viewer इसे lose करने का chance पाता है! उदाहरण के लिए, मान लो तुम एक video बना रहे हो the best way to cook steak पर। क्या तुमने कभी सोचा है कि तुम्हारा steak restaurant जैसा क्यों नहीं taste करता? फिर problem को confront करो। ज्यादातर लोग ये common mistakes करते हैं! Vivid descriptions का उपयोग करो और personal stories और अंत में, इसे resolve करो! Here's the foolproof method used by top chefs! इस structure का उपयोग करके, तुम न केवल viewers को engaged रखते हो, बल्कि तुम अपने content को और अधिक memorable और impactful बनाते हो! मैं इस next trick को कहता हूँ the lazy way to grow your YouTube channel really, really fast! और मुझे ये पसंद है क्योंकि तुम basically बस algorithm को तुम्हारे लिए काम करने देते हो। याद है जब हमने cover किया था कि algorithm का aim best content को surface करना है जो audience को gratify करता है? जब तुम एक video upload करते हो जो blow up हो जाता है या tremendous success देखता है! तो ये एक clear indication है कि यही वो है जो तुम्हारे viewers और subscribers देखना चाहते हैं। तो तुम्हें बस उसे note करना है और उस पर hammer करना है! जो pro creators करते हैं, और तुम्हें भी करना चाहिए, वो है कुछ Jenny Hoyos calls creating buckets! एक बार जब तुम एक format ढूंढ लेते हो जो काम करता है, उसे recreate करो बार-बार! और ये सुनिश्चित करेगा कि ये शायद हर बार काम करेगा! इस तरह, तुम्हारा channel explode हो जाएगा। Mr. Whose the Boss ये कर रहा है अपने I bought the Most Blank tech series के साथ और Ryan Trahan ये कर रहा है I tried one star series के साथ। यहाँ तक कि Mr. Beast भी ये कर रहा है! Wow! देखो millions of views! तुम भी ये आसानी से कर सकते हो! एक बार जब तुम एक specific video style या format pinpoint कर लेते हो जो तुम्हारे लिए काम करता है और तुम उसे park से बाहर knock कर देते हो। बस इसे करते रहो! उस bucket के अंदर videos churn करते रहो! तुम्हें सावधान रहना होगा though। क्योंकि किसी अच्छी चीज की बहुतायत हो सकती है एक बुरी चीज। Here's Mr. Beast का thought on that. हर साल हमारे पास formats होते हैं जो सच में अच्छा करते हैं। अगर मैं उन formats को करता रहता जो 2020 में crush कर रहे थे। मैं अब जहाँ हूँ वहाँ नहीं होता। Eventually वो fizzle out हो जाते। मैं एक बड़ा believer हूँ like, एक format को end करने में जबकि, तुम जानते हो, ये बहुत पुराना नहीं है? मेरे पास बहुत सारे viral great, like ideas हैं जिन्हें मैं life में लाना चाहता हूँ। बस like इतने सारे videos हैं जिन्हें मैं film करना चाहता हूँ और like इतने सारे different ideas हैं जो कोई और नहीं कर रहा है जिन्हें मैं table पर लाना चाहता हूँ कि ये like मैं उनमें से 15 नहीं करना चाहता! क्योंकि like वो दूसरे आठ जो मैं करता, मैं कुछ और original और creative कर सकता था। तो हाँ, definitely उस winning format को milk करो, But तुम उस पर overly reliant नहीं होना चाहते। Keep experimenting क्योंकि ये तुम्हें consistently तुम्हारे viewers के interests में tap करने की अनुमति देगा, जबकि कुछ अन्य concepts explore करने का मौका देगा जो शायद एक नई audience को unlock कर दे! नई audiences की बात करते हुए। क्या तुम जानते हो कि एक तरीका है जिससे तुम 1000 subs super fast gain कर सकते हो? No? --- Really? Well, है! इस video को check करो ये देखने के लिए कि मैं किस बारे में बात कर रहा हूँ।

  Top Comments:
  1. @TheCraftyWeb-28 [2 likes]: Can anyone subscribe?
  2. @Pr3ttynProductive [2 likes]: Um hey. I'm down here YouTube could you send some subscribers my way? 😅
  3. @borahaemy7 [1 likes]: Can you do a video for a fan content
  4. @RedPandaj9 [1 likes]: I got one subscriber 8 likes🥳🥳🥳🥳
  5. @waltermaroon [1 likes]: 1:12 Actually mine did on emptyfunk (2.47k subs btw)
  6. @Sharif-n94 [1 likes]: I might hit 100k views
  7. @JeemyZaman [1 likes]: I just started. I don’t know any anything about this.
  8. @The_hungry_cat: I got 1.5k views on my first short, 1.3k views on the 2nd one, 2.5k views on the 3rd one
  9. @archiedoesstufff: you tell me what the video is about (or its title), I’ll give you a perfect short comment for it 👍
  10. @MILKISH_thecreator: Am grateful 😊😊😊
  11. @Thenonbodyguy: Yooo i just got 400 views in 60 minutes on my newest short
  12. @NEXTLEVELMINDSET-c5e: Thanks bro
  13. @mlbautista8779: Who’s watching this in 2026
  14. @Undeadvr_Gtag: I have 7 videos and i already have 38 subs
  15. @C3rtifiedLuk: Yoo! Just posted my first video anyone wanna see?
  16. @Urbrothunderproatroblox2014: I just film different videos on different roblox games.
  17. @Urbrothunderproatroblox2014: I have like 14 videos, now I just uploaded a new one!
  18. @ANIMEFANS-d2j: i don't get any new matter what i do, will try this too🥹
  19. @CyrilleLokaala-e8c: " Sometimes people realize your value too late, some changes are painful but necessary  and not everybody understand your worthy at the right time🙏🫶"
  20. @JWolf_2009: I hope so

- How I Actually Edit Viral Videos: Kind: captions Language: en Where's the editing tutorial? How do&nbsp; you edit? Bro, are you using Adobe to&nbsp;&nbsp; edit your videos? How do you edit so good?&nbsp; Your editing style is crazy, man. Where do&nbsp;&nbsp; you edit videos? How to edit smooth like&nbsp; you? How to edit? Bro, we need a tutorial… Yep, this is the editing tutorial. But why&nbsp;&nbsp; the hell did it take 9 months to make&nbsp; it? Well, it all started one year ago… An editing tutorial? From me? Really? Why not? Have you ever checked your&nbsp; views? People love your videos, man. Look, I know a thing or two about editing,&nbsp; but making a tutorial?! There are fricking&nbsp;&nbsp; editing wizards out there making stuff I can’t&nbsp; even imagine! I mean look at this guy. How the&nbsp;&nbsp; hell does he do that?! The best I can do is&nbsp; “how to edit slightly above average” tutorial… And? Isn’t that the point? You don’t need to be an&nbsp;&nbsp; editing wizard. You just need to be… You…&nbsp; Someone who’s been through the journey. What do you mean? Remember your early days, man. You knew&nbsp; nothing about editing. I’ve been there. Wait. You were there? I mean for the most part… Oh… Everything you know, you learned&nbsp; the hard way. Wouldn’t you want&nbsp;&nbsp; someone to guide you through that path back then? Yeah… Just keep it real. Show the way for past Isaac.&nbsp; How you edit your videos, from start until the&nbsp;&nbsp; end. The stuff you learned along the way. And&nbsp; hey, who knows, maybe I’ll send it back to him. Alright. That’s my man! But if I’m doing this, I’m making the best&nbsp; editing tutorial YouTube has ever seen… Yeah, I know, you’ve probably heard this a&nbsp; million times and rolling your eyes. But different&nbsp;&nbsp; audiences want different editing. You can’t use&nbsp; a MrBeast style editing in a Ruhi video. It just&nbsp;&nbsp; doesn’t feel right. Now, every editing tutorial is&nbsp; saying this exact same thing, but the problem is,&nbsp;&nbsp; all of them proceed to explain both editing&nbsp; styles in theory and never actually give you&nbsp;&nbsp; practical advice. You know why? Because they don’t&nbsp; want to lose the other side of their viewers.&nbsp;&nbsp; It’s all about keeping the retention high! I&nbsp; know, it’s not a wise choice for retention,&nbsp;&nbsp; but I don’t wanna be one of them. I want to&nbsp; actually teach you something. So instead of&nbsp;&nbsp; juggling 2 different editing styles&nbsp; and giving random tips from each one,&nbsp;&nbsp; let’s pick the one that I’m better at, which&nbsp; is, fancy editing! The editing like this… and&nbsp;&nbsp; this… and this. I want you to walk away from&nbsp; this tutorial actually knowing how to edit,&nbsp;&nbsp; not watching another video that explains&nbsp; the same theory for the 100th time. You wouldn’t wanna sit down to edit and realize&nbsp; halfway through that your script isn’t good&nbsp;&nbsp; enough, or even worse, the video idea doesn’t&nbsp; make sense! If you wanna edit viral videos,&nbsp;&nbsp; everything else should be made with&nbsp; that in mind as well. An amazing edit&nbsp;&nbsp; can’t save a boring script, or a bad video&nbsp; idea. So let’s quickly fix these at first. Think about your target audience.&nbsp; Is the idea interesting for them?&nbsp;&nbsp; Would someone click on this&nbsp; video if they didn’t know you? I already covered it in another video. For the script, start by outlining all the&nbsp; points you want to cover in the video, and write&nbsp;&nbsp; everything that’s on your mind. Most youtubers&nbsp; stop here. But after writing everything, I always&nbsp;&nbsp; come up with a secondary story. Something deeper.&nbsp; Almost like a short film that runs alongside the&nbsp;&nbsp; main video. After that, create a structure. Cut&nbsp; out useless parts, ask ChatGPT to make it easier&nbsp;&nbsp; to understand, and build some kind of progress&nbsp; from the start until the end of your video. We’re&nbsp;&nbsp; gonna dive a lot deeper into scripting in a future&nbsp; video, so I’ll not waste much time on that here. Just record your voice on a microphone,&nbsp; or like me, use an AI voice generator&nbsp;&nbsp; like Elevenlabs. Create a voice, and paste&nbsp; everything in your script, but little little,&nbsp;&nbsp; in the middle. Some people still think that&nbsp; AI voices are too robotic, but trust me,&nbsp;&nbsp; it has improved a lot. I mean I can get random&nbsp; emotions like SIUUU. See? You can check out&nbsp;&nbsp; Elevenlabs with the link in description. It’s&nbsp; not sponsored by the way. I just get a small&nbsp;&nbsp; commission if you use my link. And it’s a great&nbsp; tool. SIUUU! Haha. Sorry… Okay, let’s move on. Here’s the thing about filming… I have absolutely&nbsp;&nbsp; no clue. I get all my footage&nbsp; from the internet… So… yeah… Look at other youtubers’ videos, but even&nbsp; better, watch a good movie before editing. Uhh,&nbsp;&nbsp; just a heads-up, don’t watch 5 seasons of&nbsp; Breaking Bad just to get inspired for one&nbsp;&nbsp; video. Don’t ask me how I know… With all the&nbsp; rise of short-form content, some people haven’t&nbsp;&nbsp; even sat and watched a 2 hour long movie in years.&nbsp; But if you find any type of movie that you like,&nbsp;&nbsp; and watch it with your editor's eye, you’ll get&nbsp; so much inspiration that you can’t even make&nbsp;&nbsp; that much video! Transitions, storytelling,&nbsp; montages, cool camera angles, you name it.&nbsp;&nbsp; Most of this stuff hasn't even been implemented&nbsp; once on youtube yet. So, you want originality?&nbsp;&nbsp; This is where you get them. Even though it’s not&nbsp; gonna be as good as a masterpiece like Morbius,&nbsp;&nbsp; you’re making your own movies here. Once&nbsp; these are ready, move on to the next step. When I say assets, I’m talking about music,&nbsp; sound effects, overlays, and presets. It takes&nbsp;&nbsp; hundreds of trial and error to find the right&nbsp; ones. But if you don’t have time for that,&nbsp;&nbsp; I put together all the assets I use to edit&nbsp; my videos. Here’s where I get them from. Now, this part may seem a bit unnecessary,&nbsp; but it made everything way faster for me in&nbsp;&nbsp; the actual editing. Take your script, and color&nbsp; code what’s happening in each sentence. I like&nbsp;&nbsp; to divide it into 6 categories, but you can&nbsp; adjust this based on your style. Once you’re&nbsp;&nbsp; done with the entire script, collect all the&nbsp; elements you need for each part. I marked this&nbsp;&nbsp; part as ‘screen record’. So now I’ll gather&nbsp; all the screen recordings for this section.&nbsp;&nbsp; The same process for images, videos, and&nbsp; everything else. And for the animations,&nbsp;&nbsp; uhh… Just keep it there. I’m gonna explain&nbsp; it in a few minutes. After you went through&nbsp;&nbsp; the entire script and got everything&nbsp; you need, you’re ready to move on to… Alright, finally, it’s time to open Premiere&nbsp; Pro. Click create a new project. Create again,&nbsp;&nbsp; and add a new sequence. I like to&nbsp; make my videos in 1920 by 1080,&nbsp;&nbsp; which is high enough so no one’s&nbsp; counting pixels, and low enough to&nbsp;&nbsp; not burn my computer. Though you can use 4k if&nbsp; you got a beast in your house. Oh, and 60fps. Create your workplace by dragging windows around,&nbsp; however you’re comfortable with. Personally,&nbsp;&nbsp; I like this layout, which has&nbsp; the main video in the center,&nbsp;&nbsp; timeline at the bottom, footage and effects&nbsp; here, effect controls and raw footage monitor&nbsp;&nbsp; here. If you’re missing any windows,&nbsp; just enable them from the menu here. Next up, import your voiceover, drag to&nbsp; the timeline, cut it based on the script,&nbsp;&nbsp; and remove any awkward pauses or&nbsp; moments where it drags the flow. Okay, this one might not fit for&nbsp; everyone's workflow, but I like&nbsp;&nbsp; adding the music right after the voiceover.&nbsp; I know, most editors save it for the end,&nbsp;&nbsp; but I think it gives more clarity on the vibe&nbsp; you’re going for in the entire edit. Plus,&nbsp;&nbsp; it lets you make cuts based on the beat. And&nbsp; most importantly, it’s more fun! So, where&nbsp;&nbsp; to find good music? I used to grab no copyright&nbsp; music from youtube for a long time, but lately,&nbsp;&nbsp; I’ve been hooked on Epidemicsound. It’s just more&nbsp; convenient to find music and sound effects based&nbsp;&nbsp; on every detail, and you don’t need to worry&nbsp; about copyright issues. One thing I didn’t&nbsp;&nbsp; realize until editing this video, is that you can&nbsp; copy and paste your favorite songs from Spotify,&nbsp;&nbsp; and get similar music. I mean what the hell?&nbsp; Why didn’t anyone told me that?! Once you’ve&nbsp;&nbsp; got your music, drop it to the timeline, and&nbsp; adjust the volume based on the voiceover. Now comes the fun part. Remember the highlights&nbsp; on the script? Start layering in all your videos,&nbsp;&nbsp; images, and screen recordings based on the&nbsp; highlights. It’s not necessary if you’re&nbsp;&nbsp; new to editing, but it’s a good idea to&nbsp; experiment with some cuts based on the&nbsp;&nbsp; music beats. It gives your edit that extra&nbsp; punch and keeps it flowing easier. Another&nbsp;&nbsp; little trick I like to use, is just plain&nbsp; text on a black background. Just like I’m&nbsp;&nbsp; doing right now. We’re gonna dive into text&nbsp; in a minute, so leave it blank for now. Okay,&nbsp;&nbsp; looking good so far! But remember? You highlighted&nbsp; one more thing in your script. Animations… Alright, here’s the truth. Animation&nbsp; is not as easy as it looks. Especially&nbsp;&nbsp; if it’s your first time. But don’t&nbsp; worry, we’ll break it down together. So, in the script that you highlighted,&nbsp; let’s take the first animation. I’m just&nbsp;&nbsp; gonna take a cool one from my previous&nbsp; videos. And show you the exact method I&nbsp;&nbsp; use to make them go viral. Grab a pen and&nbsp; paper, and imagine the animation. You’re&nbsp;&nbsp; probably thinking of something that walks&nbsp; the viewer through the method step by step,&nbsp;&nbsp; right? Picture this. We’ll have some&nbsp; boxes connected to each other by arrows,&nbsp;&nbsp; like a flowchart. Inside each box, is a heading,&nbsp; but they’re blurred out for now. Then, we will&nbsp;&nbsp; zoom into the first box, and boom. The text is&nbsp; revealed. That’s a solid one. Let’s create it. Now there are two ways to create the animations.&nbsp; Easy way, and hard way. Let’s start with the first&nbsp;&nbsp; one. If your animation is too simple,&nbsp; and not much fancy stuff is going on,&nbsp;&nbsp; you can create it in Canva. I made my&nbsp; first video’s animations using only Canva.&nbsp;&nbsp; Just create the animation you sketched, with&nbsp; shapes, text, and graphics. For our example,&nbsp;&nbsp; it might look something like this. Once you’ve&nbsp; got your design set, add some animations. And&nbsp;&nbsp; that’s it! Keep in mind, if you want to&nbsp; add some zoom-ins to them in the edit,&nbsp;&nbsp; export the video in a higher quality. Or it may&nbsp; look like this. That works for simple animations,&nbsp;&nbsp; but if you want to edit like a pro, it’s time to&nbsp; dive into… After Effects… But here’s your warning.&nbsp;&nbsp; This route gets much more complex than Canva. So&nbsp; it’s okay to freak out if it’s your first time&nbsp;&nbsp; using it. Every editor has been there. Honestly… I&nbsp; think I'm still freaking out each time I see it...&nbsp;&nbsp; OH! Sh… There’s too much detail to explain here,&nbsp; so I’m gonna do a separate video for creating more&nbsp;&nbsp; complex animations in the future. But the idea is&nbsp; the same as Canva. Use tools like text, shapes,&nbsp;&nbsp; or pen to create the base of your animation.&nbsp; Once you have something similar to your sketch,&nbsp;&nbsp; adjust them based on the voiceover. Add typewriter&nbsp; animation to texts, and trim paths to move shapes.&nbsp;&nbsp; Lastly, add some glow effect to make them pop.&nbsp; At least that’s what I do. It takes more time,&nbsp;&nbsp; but the result is next level. You can repeat&nbsp; the same process for all the other animations&nbsp;&nbsp; as well. Sketch, create, animate. Until&nbsp; I make the full animation tutorial,&nbsp;&nbsp; if you want to do some research yourself,&nbsp; I shared some keywords and tutorials from&nbsp;&nbsp; other creators that might help. And once all the&nbsp; animations are ready, drop them to the timeline&nbsp;&nbsp; as well. Line them up with your voiceover, and&nbsp; we’re one step closer to a polished final edit. By now, your timeline should be looking pretty&nbsp; solid. But here’s the thing. The first rough cut&nbsp;&nbsp; is never perfect. So if you have time,&nbsp; go back and watch it again. Trust me,&nbsp;&nbsp; you’ll spot points to improve. Add&nbsp; extra animations, screen recordings,&nbsp;&nbsp; some funny memes. Sometimes I even rewrite parts&nbsp; of the script if a better idea pops in my head.&nbsp;&nbsp; But it’s not about just adding things. At some&nbsp; point, you’ll need to cut off useless parts. Look&nbsp;&nbsp; out for boring lines in the script, unnecessary&nbsp; footage, or bad jokes. Cut everything that doesn’t&nbsp;&nbsp; serve the video’s main goal. And yeah, I only&nbsp; keep the good jokes. You wouldn’t wanna see&nbsp;&nbsp; the bad ones… Don’t, hey, don’t show it! So&nbsp; you added new stuff, removed useless stuff,&nbsp;&nbsp; but that’s still not enough. There’s one&nbsp; more thing you need... Space. I know, I know,&nbsp;&nbsp; you always heard that people’s attention span&nbsp; is shorter than a jellyfish, and if you wanna&nbsp;&nbsp; make a viral video, you’ve gotta keep up the pace.&nbsp; Get to the point as fast as possible, and move on&nbsp;&nbsp; to the next one. Because if you slow down for too&nbsp; long… you’re gonna be… boring… So cut every single&nbsp;&nbsp; millisecond where something interesting isn’t&nbsp; happening, fry people’s dopamine receptors, make&nbsp;&nbsp; them hate their life after watching your video,&nbsp; give them a heart attack… and maximize your&nbsp;&nbsp; retention… But here’s the twist. Cutting every&nbsp; space may mean cutting the actual story from your&nbsp;&nbsp; video… So how do you balance it? The best way&nbsp; to summarize this point is, ‘People don’t have&nbsp;&nbsp; shorter attention spans. They just have higher&nbsp; standards’. So make the stop worth waiting for… Alright, we’re done with the boring parts.&nbsp; Now it’s time to get our hands dirty. Before&nbsp;&nbsp; we dive in, just remember this. Good editing&nbsp; doesn’t mean using as many effects as you can.&nbsp;&nbsp; It means using it to complement what’s being&nbsp; said in the video. So you need to resist the&nbsp;&nbsp; urge to throw in every flashy&nbsp; thing you find in the effects tab. Sometimes you need to zoom in and out&nbsp; to highlight something on the screen,&nbsp;&nbsp; or just to add a little movement to your&nbsp; video. To do that, use a transform effect,&nbsp;&nbsp; add scale and position keyframes to the&nbsp; start, move forward in the timeline,&nbsp;&nbsp; and adjust where you want the zoom to end. Sure,&nbsp; it gets the job done, but it’s not smooth at all.&nbsp;&nbsp; To make it flow better, expand the effect, and&nbsp; make the curves smoother. Much better. Well,&nbsp;&nbsp; that's basic knowledge. To take it further, you&nbsp; need to keep the point of focus consistent in&nbsp;&nbsp; between cuts. This keeps the viewers’ eyes from&nbsp; wandering all over the place, and makes it easier&nbsp;&nbsp; to watch. To do that, use guides. Center point,&nbsp; eye line, but my favorite is the rule of thirds.&nbsp;&nbsp; The idea is that the main focus of each zoom&nbsp; and cut must stay at the same spot. Like this. Text in videos is a subjective choice. Some&nbsp; people never use it, some use it all over the&nbsp;&nbsp; place. Personally, I use it in 3 places. First -&nbsp; as a caption. Captions are the most obvious one,&nbsp;&nbsp; but I try not to slap them all over the video.&nbsp; Because it can become irritating to see a text&nbsp;&nbsp; pop every second throughout the entire time.&nbsp; So I use it where I talk about something&nbsp;&nbsp; important. Second - as a center text. Center text,&nbsp; is for moments where captions aren’t enough. It&nbsp;&nbsp; can have its own color, glow, or whatever makes&nbsp; it pop. Third - as a part of the video. And then,&nbsp;&nbsp; there’s text that becomes a part of the scene.&nbsp; Attached to a screen, a wall, or something in the&nbsp;&nbsp; background. Now, how do you actually create these?&nbsp; It’s simple. Click this text tool, click on the&nbsp;&nbsp; video, type something, and adjust its settings&nbsp; in the effect controls to match your channel’s&nbsp;&nbsp; brand. To give it a pop animation like you see in&nbsp; my videos, we’re gonna use the ancient technique&nbsp;&nbsp; of sensei Finzar. Take the transform effect, add&nbsp; it to the text, set a scale keyframe at the start&nbsp;&nbsp; around 70%. Then, move about 7 frames forward,&nbsp; increase the scale to 110%, move forward another&nbsp;&nbsp; 5 frames, and bring it back to 100. I smoothed out&nbsp; the keyframes, but there isn’t a big difference.&nbsp;&nbsp; Also, add glow, glitch, or whatever else fits&nbsp; your style. Repeat the same for other texts as&nbsp;&nbsp; well. Looking good! To save time in the future,&nbsp; select your text and animations. Right click, and&nbsp;&nbsp; save as a preset. Next time, you can just drag and&nbsp; drop that preset to a text box, and you’re done! Obviously, using a character isn’t a must. So&nbsp; if you don’t use it, just skip this part. But&nbsp;&nbsp; if you do, here’s the process. Create a head,&nbsp; or a logo with an AI image generator. I have a&nbsp;&nbsp; video diving deeper into this matter if you’re&nbsp; interested. Once you got something you like,&nbsp;&nbsp; slap it onto a stock image, export the image,&nbsp; and add it to your video. Again, use keyframes&nbsp;&nbsp; to move it around, smooth out the keyframes, the&nbsp; same stuff. And of course, create presets to use&nbsp;&nbsp; it next time. By the way, if you’re looking to&nbsp; save time with some of these effects, I’ve put&nbsp;&nbsp; together a few of my presets for free. Link’s in&nbsp; the description if you want to check them out! You’ve probably noticed those fancy&nbsp; electric effects, dust, light leaks,&nbsp;&nbsp; and other textures throughout the video.&nbsp; They’re called overlays. Basically,&nbsp;&nbsp; a video with black background, so that you can&nbsp; change the display mode to ‘screen’, and make&nbsp;&nbsp; it transparent. You can use them as highlighters,&nbsp; transitions, or just to make your video fancier. I mostly use light leaks for transitions,&nbsp; but there are some preset packs for changing&nbsp;&nbsp; in between scenes. Like slides, shakes,&nbsp; zooms, rotations, and things like that. I don’t go too heavy on effects, but&nbsp; when I do, my go-to options are glow,&nbsp;&nbsp; 3D, transform, blur, mosaic, and things like that. At this point, I get it. You’re probably&nbsp; overwhelmed by the things you have to learn&nbsp;&nbsp; to make a single video. That’s normal.&nbsp; But here’s the secret. You don’t have to&nbsp;&nbsp; learn everything at once. Just pick&nbsp; one small thing from this tutorial,&nbsp;&nbsp; and try it in your next video. Practice&nbsp; until you’re decent at it. Then take&nbsp;&nbsp; another. Then another, then another,&nbsp; and repeat. Nobody is chasing you. Now keep in mind. Just because you can use&nbsp; an effect or a transition, doesn’t mean you&nbsp;&nbsp; should. Sometimes keeping things simple is more&nbsp; effective than using every single effect you can. But no matter how great your edit turns out,&nbsp; without proper sound effects underneath,&nbsp;&nbsp; the video will feel flat, and viewers will sense&nbsp; something’s missing. There are 3 main types of&nbsp;&nbsp; sound effects. Whoosh, riser, and impact. These&nbsp; are the basics, so don’t limit yourself. Based&nbsp;&nbsp; on your video, you can throw in keyboard&nbsp; sounds, gears, memes, clicks, bomb, clock,&nbsp;&nbsp; pretty much anything you can come up with. You&nbsp; can find all kinds of sound effects from youtube,&nbsp;&nbsp; and paid platforms like Epidemicsound. I use a&nbsp; combination of both. Now, the technique I found&nbsp;&nbsp; that makes the process easier, is just mute&nbsp; all the other audio tracks. Watch the video,&nbsp;&nbsp; and add the sound effects you think would fit&nbsp; best. May sound obvious, but when I started,&nbsp;&nbsp; I was doing my sound designs with voiceover&nbsp; and music enabled. It wasn’t good… And don’t&nbsp;&nbsp; be afraid to experiment and combine different&nbsp; sound effects together. It may feel too time&nbsp;&nbsp; consuming and unnecessary since you can’t&nbsp; see anything visually changing in the video,&nbsp;&nbsp; but sound design is literally half of the video.&nbsp; So it’s definitely worth investing time on that&nbsp;&nbsp; part. And finally, lower the volume of the&nbsp; sounds, so that they don’t become annoying. We’re almost done, but the colors look a&nbsp; bit off. To fix that, I add a lumetri color&nbsp;&nbsp; effect on each clip, and change the exposure,&nbsp; contrast, saturation, and things like that. Alright, so mastering the basics and improving in&nbsp; all those skills with every video is essential.&nbsp;&nbsp; But here's where a lot of channels fail. At&nbsp; one point, they stop trying anything new. You&nbsp;&nbsp; know the channels, where each video feels&nbsp; like the exact same copy of the last 10,&nbsp;&nbsp; and that’s the recipe for failure.&nbsp; Now, I have to admit something... I&nbsp;&nbsp; still don’t know 90% of the stuff in editing.&nbsp; And neither does anyone else! But the key is,&nbsp;&nbsp; are you learning with every video? If you keep&nbsp; trying new things each time, and that gap between&nbsp;&nbsp; what you know and what you don’t know will slowly&nbsp; get smaller. Sure, it will never go down to zero,&nbsp;&nbsp; but that’s the point. Most people are stuck&nbsp; here forever. And even if you’re here,&nbsp;&nbsp; you can overtake them just by learning with&nbsp; each video. Because most people don’t even try… Editing isn’t just what you see in tutorials.&nbsp; There’s so much out there you can improvise&nbsp;&nbsp; or learn from others. For every video I make, I&nbsp; try something new that I could not do until that&nbsp;&nbsp; point. For my first video, I didn’t know how&nbsp; to make animations, so I tried making crappy&nbsp;&nbsp; animations with Canva. For the second one,&nbsp; I tried these electricity effects. Next,&nbsp;&nbsp; I used After Effects for the first time, and tried&nbsp; creating an entire storyline. The list goes on for&nbsp;&nbsp; every single video. That’s why these videos take&nbsp; so much time to create. Sometimes I spend 3 hours&nbsp;&nbsp; learning a new technique to use in a 5 second&nbsp; part of my video. Most editors just do what&nbsp;&nbsp; they already know - to be more efficient. But if&nbsp; you invest 3 hours to learn that new effect, the&nbsp;&nbsp; next time that 3 hours will become 1 hour. Then&nbsp; 30 minutes, 10 minutes, then just a few minutes.&nbsp;&nbsp; And once an impossible effect will become an&nbsp; ordinary thing. That’s how I learn to edit better… Sounds cool, right? But sometimes, well, most&nbsp; of the times, things don’t go as planned… How’s the masterpiece coming along? Almost done. Just adding some final touches.&nbsp; You know, little details to make it perfect. Dude, you said the same thing&nbsp; last week. And the week before… Just a few more tweaks, okay? Trust me.&nbsp; It’s gonna be the ultimate tutorial. Alright, man. But remember, sometimes&nbsp; ‘done’ is better than ‘perfect’. Oh. You sound like an AI&nbsp; generated motivational video. Just don’t get lost in details, okay? Alright, don’t worry about me. So I kept editing, applied everything I learned,&nbsp;&nbsp; even researched new techniques to take my&nbsp; video a step further. Every day, it felt&nbsp;&nbsp; like the video was getting better and better. But&nbsp; after a while, something started to feel… wrong… What the f… is going on?! Almost 60 days had passed, and I&nbsp; was still editing the same video. Wanna grab some drink? It… it feels like I’m stuck in&nbsp; a loop that will never end. What&nbsp;&nbsp; should I do? Isn’t there a tutorial for this? I mean, you’re the one&nbsp; that’s making tutorials here. You know, I’ve been watching you since&nbsp; the beginning of your journey. Do you&nbsp;&nbsp; know what your weakness is? You think&nbsp; that you can learn everything just by&nbsp;&nbsp; watching a tutorial about it. But&nbsp; there isn’t a tutorial for this. So, am I gonna stuck here? Look, I’m not an editor, but let me tell you&nbsp; what I know. That's the thing about anything&nbsp;&nbsp; creative you do. It’s never done. You can&nbsp; always improve it. Add a new effect. Create&nbsp;&nbsp; a better animation. Find better music. Tell&nbsp; a better story. It’s a cycle that never ends… So, how do I escape? Maybe you just need to say it’s good enough,&nbsp;&nbsp; take a deep breath, and press&nbsp; publish. It's good enough. Yeah, I still couldn’t fully overcome&nbsp; my perfectionism, but I’m trying my&nbsp;&nbsp; best. Even if it’s not flawless, it’s&nbsp; still gonna help someone out there. More than you know. Sometimes it’s better to&nbsp; see the process. Not only the right things,&nbsp;&nbsp; but the mistakes as well.&nbsp; That’s what makes it real. Dude, I didn’t finish my motivational speech… Don’t worry… They get it… Alright, whatever… I know, some of you were probably expecting some&nbsp; kind of secret technique that I use to make my&nbsp;&nbsp; edits stand out. While making this video, I&nbsp; thought about this a lot. But the truth is,&nbsp;&nbsp; such a technique doesn’t exist. I can’t&nbsp; fully explain how I edited those videos.&nbsp;&nbsp; The only technique was to keep learning new&nbsp; things each time. Combine different styles,&nbsp;&nbsp; draw inspirations, break the&nbsp; rules, and add something from… you.

  Top Comments:
  1. @dorar-wa-rodod [1 likes]: 12:24 vibing to akaza ost 🔥🔥
  2. @IsaacVargas-c3i [1 likes]: Eh yo también me llamo Isaac
  3. @Elxeo [1 likes]: sen türksün
  4. @SelamCahiller: ONUR NACİ :d
  5. @junaidkhoda: Nice 👍
  6. @yahyazadeTvo: ruhi çenet ve onurnaci detayları çok iyi
  7. @kinili58: @spunkram
  8. @FURYxPulsar: Onur naci öztürkler :) olmana gerek yok diyoor
  9. @ControSapiensOfficial: Suuuuuuuuuuu.....😂
  10. @HazeOsu: Thanks man, this video maybe not a fully usefull tutorial for me but its a good reminder for me, well now i know maybe what i need is not "perfect" but "It's good enough" big thanks man
  11. @dr_Fess: This is too good ,you deserve 100 Million subs 💯
  12. @muanyaking: Finzar mentioned 🎉😂
  13. @dorar-wa-rodod: What a great video!
  14. @Langkahmu-sekarang: This tutorial? ... Ah maybe this cinema , best cinema I found in yt ❤❤
  15. @soaresilva2k: That was one of the shortest videos I've ever seen—let me check if it's really 60 seconds long...
  16. @Fuzzey-DarkAndDarker: Man thanks for this video. I just recently started this bs channel about a tiny ass vid game. I only did it to overcome my destructive  perfectionism. I ve been depressed for 5 years and recently "snapped" out of it. For me the better i got the more i hated myself for failing not reaching the level i thought ive already reached. Seeing 1000 people clicked on my dumb ass video i was cutting while having a smoke and laughs with the boys on discord truely opened my eyes. Ppl want authenticity. This video of yours was authentic af my man. Shout out for that❤
I will start another channel for my real life stuff like crafts as knife and furniture making, sewing and cooking, some short docus and philosophy which helped me form a healthier mindset and way of thinking about my miserable self😂 im about to embrace the cringe and process of failing. Why act as if im the best while im definently not. I will buy a cam this month and start recording. My channel name will maybe be hermes if thats not already taken (pretty sure it is tho😅) if you wanna se me struggle and lose fingers or nerves. Until then thanks for the vid and wish you great fun
  17. @turkcipitiofficial: turkish dub added.
  18. @Mr.MaskedGamingOfficial: yeah same i espected a tutorial and got a boring ai scripted movie
  19. @Generic_mann: Bro made a short film on how to make cool edits ... Absolute cinema 😭🙌❤💐
  20. @rdx7ip: 🇧🇷

- Create Viral Hooks with Nano Banana and Veo 3 (AI workflow): Kind: captions Language: en You're about to learn how to create some viral video >> hooks with no banana >> video 3 just like this. [Music] >> Are you ready to learn? >> So to create this viral hook, we're going to be using Nano Banana V3 and adding sound effects with 11 Labs to really really sell the effect. Now the very first thing you need is your video. And what you want to do is you want to export the last frame as an image because this is the one that we're going to be editing with Nano Banana. So, I just click on export frame and click okay. And now that has been exported to my downloads. And here we head to Nano Banana. I'm going to be using Nano Banana within Gemini. And I'm going to go ahead and click upload. And then I'm just going to upload the frame that we've literally just exported from Premier Pro. And here, all I want to do is simply describe the character that I want to turn into. So, this might be a superhero, it could be a robot, it could be an alien. You can kind of think of anything here. And so, for this one, I'm going to turn myself into a bright pink alien. And I'm going to give myself two antennas. And I simply send this image. And now Gemini is going to edit that with Nano Banana. And as you can see, I am now a bright pink alien. However, I think this doesn't look realistic enough. So, I'm just going to reprompt it a few times. And so, now the image I'm going to go with is this alien right here. And I'm going to go ahead and download it full size. And once I have my new character, we're going to head to VO3. And so, in V3, we want to make sure we go and click this menu and select frames to video. And now, we want to upload the image that we've just created with Nano Banana in Gemini. So, I click here, I click upload, and I select the image that we've just generated. Now, I click crop and save. And here, I simply want to input my prompt. And for this prompt, I've got the alien puts his hands in the air and says, "All right, you got me. I'm an alien." And at the end of my prompt, I've added no music and no sound effects because I want to add those afterwards with 11 Labs to really sell the effect. We simply click send and V3 is generating our video. And so, let's take a look. M. All right, you got me. I'm an alien. >> And once I'm happy with that, I'm going to go ahead and download it. And I just want to make sure I select the upscaled version. And then once that's done, I can go ahead and click download. Now what I'm going to do is actually bring this into Premiere Pro. And so now I have the original footage and then I have the video that I want to transform into. So how do we create this middle section right here? Well, we've already got our end frame from the original source, but now we need to create a start frame. And so we're going to do the same thing. Place the playhead at the beginning of the clip we've just generated with VO3. And then we click on export frame and click okay. And now we can go into any AI tool that allows us to generate videos with a start and end frame. And in some countries you can do this with V3, but in the UK I'm going to be using Midjourney to achieve this effect. And so in Midjourney, we just want to make sure that we click add images. And here you can see I've already uploaded both of my images, but you just click on upload a file and upload the end frame to your beginning footage and then the start frame to the V3 footage that we've just generated. And for the start frame, we're going to use the original frame. And then for the end frame, we're going to use the V3 frame. And so I select both of these. And now for the prompt, I've put his skin turns blue and then he turns into an alien. No talking because I don't necessarily want him talking during the transition. And for the motion, I've selected high here just because I think when there's a little bit of extra motion within the transition, it sells the effect a little bit more. And on the settings, I just made sure I've selected HD for the output resolution, so I don't have to upscale it afterwards. And then I simply click send. They've just finished generating within MidJourney. And if we take a look here, we can see that this one's the smoothest. They're not as smooth as I'd hoped, but we go ahead and we click on download for social. And then once the video downloaded, I can then bring it in to Premiere Pro. And as we can see, it's now the middle video of the transition between the two clips. But when I play it back, it's quite slow and it doesn't look that good. So, what we're going to do is we're actually just going to press R on the keyboard in Premiere Pro and we're going to speed this up and we're going to reduce it from like 5 seconds to maybe 1 second. And then we bring this video forward. And so now if we play it back, it's a lot smoother. >> All right, you got me. but it feels a bit empty. And so what we need to do to really sell the effect is add some sound effects. And so to do this, I'm going to go to 11 Labs sound effects generator and I'm simply going to describe the sound that I want to hear. I can be as creative as I want. And so I want to basically describe the sound effects that I imagine hearing during this transition. So first of all, I'm just going to type warp. Then I'm going to type speed ramp. And I'm basically going to type in a bunch of different sound effects that I can imagine hearing during that transition. And I'm going to combine them all together. And so, as you can see here, I've just generated a bunch of sound effects, and I'm going to go ahead and preview some of them, and then I'm going to download them and add them to my transition. So, I think this one's quite good. And so, let's just click download. I'm going to download them as a wave file, so it's at 48 kHz. And then I'm going to listen to a bunch of others. And then we'll go back to Premiier Pro. And so, now in Premiier Pro, I've stacked three sound effects that I've just downloaded from 11 Labs. And let's preview it now realistically with 11 Labs voice changer. All right, you got me. I'm an alien. >> As you can see, I think that sounds a lot better. And now the final effect I'm going to do is actually swap the voice for a different one that I think sounds a little bit more like an alien. And to do that, I'm simply going to export the audio from Premiere Pro. And then I'm going to go back into 11 Labs and I'm going to select the voice changer. And here I'm going to upload the audio that we've just exported from Premiere Pro. And now what I want to do is select a voice from the voice library. And so I'm going to type in alien and we're going to preview a couple. >> I love chocolate. We rule the drums of war. >> I love chocolate. So I think this alien voice is good right here. But what we can do is actually go and click on the voices library and we can go and create our own alien voice using voice design. And now here I'm going to describe the alien that I want to hear. So let's do blue alien quirky voice. Right. And then we simply click generate. And now we're actually creating a unique voice for our character. And now we've got three voices that have been generated. So I can go ahead and preview them. >> Greetings, Earthlings. >> Greetings, Earthling. >> And then choose the one that I prefer most. And so I'm going to select this middle one right here. Click select voice. And then I'm just going to call it blue alien. And then I just need to make sure that I label it as English. So I select English. And then we click save voice. And so now we can go back to Voice Changer. And this time we're going to search for the voice that we've just made. So I've typed out blue and we find the voice blue alien. And now I click generate speech. >> All right, you got me. I'm an alien. >> And that has changed our voice a little bit. And we can now download this and bring this back into Premiere Pro and line it up perfectly with the original voice and then disable the original. And so now the end result of our viral hook looks just like this to any other instantly and realistically with 11 Labs voice changer. >> And so that is how to use Nano Banana and V3 while using 11 Labs and Mid Journey along the way to really create a nice viral hook. If you have any questions about how to use any of these tools, please drop them in the comment section down below. And if you want to see more AI content tutorials just like this one, hit that like button and don't forget to subscribe.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Itanshi-e5s [1 likes]: Spot on advice here. I've been optimizing my Viral pipeline workflow lately and the impact on my productivity has been game-changing. Team adoption happened faster than I anticipated.
  2. @Elevenlabs: Don’t miss what’s coming next.
Join Discord: https://discord.gg/hPE7yT33Qc
  3. @yashinda-fe6zw: question, do you pay for all these tools ?
  4. @Itanshi-e5s: I used to think doing Viral tool manually made me better at it, but looking back, I was just burning hours for no real gain. Anyone else feel this way? The flexibility to tweak things as we learn has been valuable.
  5. @JohnnyAmilar-d4d: Conteúdo brabo, mas alguém sabe quanto vou gastar pra fazer isso?
  6. @EL11LABS1: This is an insane
  7. @UniversalComputer-q3j: हमको बनाना नहीं आता गाजी
  8. @Itanshi-e5s: Unpopular opinion: Doing Workflow pipeline manually in 2026 feels like we're stuck in the past. Why do we still romanticize doing things the hard way? The setup challenged some assumptions but paid off quickly.
  9. @aaaaaaaaaa-w2r: garbage
  10. @Practice_Ai: when using Veo 3 for the final animation, how much does the consistency of the character float during long promptings with direct speech? Have you tried fixing the character through additional reference layers to avoid deforming the antennas and skin texture during a conversation?
  11. @cph2004: I noticed to ring swapped fingers. It must be the alien probing the ring haha
  12. @amareamare17: Jesus Lives! Tks, Bro!
  13. @Isurya397: I can't watch your video in Indonesian
  14. @WhatIfAIOfficial2050: Can I create First and last frame here? thanks
  15. @duttslab: This is a very Interesting Effect
  16. @TheEublepharis1: do we need only 3 subscripions to make 3 sec fun? :face-blue-smiling:
  17. @Geerhije: 👍🏻🙏🏻👌🏻
  18. @Luanclipsmemecoin: Warum kann man nicht paypal zahlen bei eleven labs
  19. @ghambaloot: We really prefer to learn how you made the opening!
  20. @ghambaloot: We really prefer to learn how you made the opening!

- YouTube Community Tab: Features, tips and tricks to ENGAGE your audience!: Kind: captions Language: en in this video i'm going to show you how to use the youtube community tab to get more engagement build more hype and connect deeper with your audience and grow your youtube channel so are you ready hey go-getter it's salma jafri and on this channel i'll help you grow your visibility credibility and profitability with youtube so be sure to hit the red subscribe button and the bell icon and let's begin this video is sponsored by hot content natalie and her team at hot content help busy youtube creators get their videos planned published repurposed and promoted so they can focus on what they do best creating great videos and growing their businesses natalie recently helped her client double their subscribers save more time and quadruple their income and she can help you do the same just record your youtube video and leave the uploading optimization and promotion to natalie every client i refer to natalie has absolutely loved working with her check out hot content today to get 50 off your first month on any of these services so what is the youtube community tab it used to be called the discussions tab and now it's called the youtube community tab you'll find it in your top tab section on your youtube channel now who has access to the youtube community tab so youtube says that creators who have at least 1 000 subscribers have access to the community tab however it can take up to one week to see the community tab after passing 1000 subscribers so if your channel is eligible for the but you don't see it then it could be because you have not enabled channel custom channel layouts so you need to actually enable a custom channel layout to see the and you also need to have 1 000 subscribers for at least one week to be able to see the community tab channels that create content that are made for kids are not eligible for this feature okay so now that we've established how to get the community tab let's talk about five different ways that you can use the youtube community tab to grow your channel and get higher engagement and get more loyalty and deeper connections with your audience so let's start off with the first way that you can do that which is to create a poll i love polls i mean there's such an easy way to do market research there's such an easy way to get engagement there's such an easy way to get your community to participate so start by creating a youtube community post and choose the poll option now you can choose different options for people to uh click on and typically they can only choose one option and after they choose the option then they're going to see the percentage of people who have also uh taken part in that poll so for example you could do what topics should i create videos on next and give people like three to five different topics or you could ask them for feedback on a specific video you could ask them questions like you know what should my video title be and give them options of what video titles you're considering and that your audience choose the perfect title so there is so much you can do with polls and you could and it's a great way to get your audience to participate in helping you create content so it's a participatory approach and it works really well the second way that you can use the community tab is to share an image images are super amazing and you recently youtube has added the ability to share more than one i think it's like five images that you can share now inside the community tab so a really great way to share images is between video uploads so for example if you upload on a certain day of the week let's say every tuesday you upload your videos right and so your audience is not really engaging with you during all the other days of the week when you haven't created something new so using the community tab is a great way to share behind the scenes images maybe your favorite coach maybe what's happening in your life the other days of the week to keep that audience engagement and to keep them interested in whatever you're working on so sharing behind the scenes images during the week especially when you're not uploading is a great way to stay engaged and connected with your audience the third way you can use the youtube community tab is to share a video so this is a great way to promote a video that you've just taken out and a great way to also have the video play inside the community tab so it's really easy one click option people are already seeing your post inside the community tab and you shared that okay this is the video that i've just released especially if there's a video that if it's a video that they had a hand in participating in like they chose the title or something then they're gonna watch that video and so you can just share that video directly in the community tab it increases your views and your watch time obviously and it's a really easy way for people to know that you have created a new video the fourth way that you can use the community tab is to tag a creator and share something that somebody else has done so again if you are working with collaborators on your channel or you've been interviewed somewhere or you know you want to highlight somebody who has a similar audience to yours then you can actually tag another youtube channel inside the youtube community post feature and give them a shout out give them props share that particular video on their channel and you can really really build that collaborative element inside your youtube community post feature the next way that you can share on the youtube community tab is to ask questions and ask for feedback so a lot of times i see people creating videos in a vacuum like they guess what their audience might want to see but you don't have to guess because you can just ask people so you can ask them what they liked about your previous video you can ask them what videos you want them to make yeah they want you to make next you can ask them about what kind of topics are most interesting you can ask them open-ended questions you can ask them for feedback you can ask them for opinions you can ask them how you know what do they think about your backdrop so many things ask for feedback ask for questions okay so now that you know what kind of ways you can use your youtube community i want to talk about four things to keep in mind as you are creating these kind of community posts the first one is and this is like my specific advice okay so this is not youtube specific this is so much specific so the first one is try not to share just a text post the reason being that when you share just a text post the layout inside the community tab doesn't always very clearly differentiate between one post in the community tab and the next one so if you're just sharing a text post and the next post be under yours from another creator is an image post it's gonna look like that image belongs with your text which could create some confusion about your post so i always try to include either an image or a video or a poll in every single community tab post that i do and never to just leave it as a text post because it just looks kind of confusing the second thing to remember is that any image that you upload to the youtube community tab should not be one by one so you cannot take a square image from instagram and put it up on youtube i'm forgetting the exact dimensions but i think five to four or four to five works really well for uh images on the youtube creator tab so just make sure you're not uploading any square images i typically use in shot to change the image dimensions if indeed i want to use a square image and adapt it for my youtube community okay oftentimes i want to create polls in both my facebook group as well as in my youtube community tab but i find that number of characters and the number of poll options are kind of limited inside the community tab so i always have to truncate my and abbreviate my options and the number of characters that i include in those options so just be mindful of that you just don't want to take a poll from somewhere else and recreate it on your youtube community tab if it's very lengthy because there is a limit on how many options you can give inside the poll and how many characters you can give for each option youtube has also added the ability for you to schedule your community posts so this is again a great feature for scheduling throughout the week and sharing like what's happening sharing behind the scenes stuff sharing stuff that you want to know you want to ask your audience like you know on monday i typically ask my audience about what they're working on and on friday i'll typically ask them about wins that they've achieved during the week so you can schedule these kind of posts out again just like you would on inside a facebook group or any other social media and you can use that community tab to schedule your interactive posts inside your okay let me know how you plan to use the feature let me know down in the comments section and then go and watch this video next on how to actually reply to comments on youtube which will again help you increase your retention and get new audiences coming to your channel i promise you that video is worth it go and watch it next

  Top Comments:
  1. @SalmaJafri [2 likes]: How do you or will you use the YouTube community tab to grow your audience?
  2. @marksidebottomcrafts124 [1 likes]: how do hi get viwers on my video please in the community tab no one is commenting
  3. @SmartHobbies [1 likes]: Good tips. I think I will try more tagging and placing video links in the community tab. 

YouTube lowered requirement to 500 subs and you can upload square images now.
  4. @ScullyPop [1 likes]: Hey Salma! I had this video in Watch Later 🌝
  5. @HerHealthyHome [1 likes]: Polls are my favorite community post to create too, it let's me know what they want and also let them get a sneak peek on the videos I'm working on. It's so much more information than what you might randomly get in the comment section,  even if you ask, most people won't put the effort into leaving one and they might not answer with the specifics you must want to know.
  6. @FlyingRedTailHawk: nice video
  7. @FlyingRedTailHawk: What about saying in a shout out that they have a new video and link the video?
  8. @SoftSpokenSecrets: Good to know, thanks for the great info, my friend!
Happy Sunday to you! ^_^
  9. @NicoleOsborneWunderstars: Amazing tips! I'm also client of Natalie from Hotcontent, her team is brilliant!
  10. @Sim0nTrains: I do use the community tab but after watching this I will give this a try, it like the branding on the thumbnail, be ‘ruthless’ gave it a go and removed the branding and there been a few videos that passed 1K! There was one that reached over 2K views in 7 days. 

Salma videos and advice is awesome and always worth listening too. Thanks Salma, great video 👍
  11. @Rebekah-BodyIllumination: Wow - you must have read my mind.  I was just finishing up a pilates video and wondering, " Hmmmm... do they want music in a pilates video?  What about Yoga videos?"  So, I did a POLL in both the community tab and Facebook.  Thanks Salma!
  12. @ATravelingBroadTV: This is helpful but I don't yet have 1,000 subs so don't have access to this. Any tips on other ways for smaller channels to engage with viewers would be helpful. Love your videos BTW :)
  13. @LawrenceBroussard: This is off topic, but how do you time stamp your videos? I am not sure if that is what it is called, but within the video it shows the time of each section.
  14. @magnificalcorecraft-macramediy: I love your video.
I have learnt a lot.
Thank you.
  15. @MissBubbles: I have been looking everywhere for something like this! I have making use of my community tab and connecting sooo much with my viewers. We have funny conversations all the time!

I know you have posted some videos on how to ask for subs and like, but can you make an updated one with some more idea and a video for how to organically encourage engagement and higher retention? My retention is stuck at 3:30-4 minutes max when my videos are between 8 and 18 minutes which frustrates me and I don't know how to fix it 😩
  16. @NoTimeforCool: Thank you for explaining this. I have just been ignoring the Community tab up to now. LOL!
Going to listen to this properly tonight xx