- Best Cameras for YouTube in 2026 (Cheap to Expensive): Kind: captions Language: en This video is sponsored by Storyblocks. So, you're looking to buy a camera to start making content this year, but with so many options, it's tough to know which ones are actually worth your money. Well, in this video, I'm going to highlight some of our favorite cameras that we've actually used, so you can choose the one that fits your needs and budget. You got to just press record. Let's say you want to record videos at your desk. Maybe you are teaching, streaming, or just starting out on YouTube. I'd honestly recommend investing in a good webcam. The webcam that I've been liking recently is the Hollyland Lyra. I'm actually using it to record this portion of the video. It shoots 4K up to 30 frames per second and plugs straight into your computer with a simple USB-C cable. And that's basically it. You can open up QuickTime, OBS, or the Holly Studio app, select the Hollyland Lyra as your camera, and you're good to go. I've been really impressed with the image quality out of this tiny webcam, and it's a big jump up compared to something like my MacBook's built-in webcam. Also, the autofocus is really reliable. As I get closer and away from the camera, it keeps me in focus. And if you decide to hold something in front of frame, it'll rack focus to that, and then back out to my face, which makes filming content a lot easier. And what I like about the Holly Studio app is it's just extremely simple to use, but it still gives you that extra layer of control if you want to adjust things like shutter speed, your ISO, or white balance, turning down the sharpness to get a more naturalistic look. So, you still have that extra layer of control. You can even record from this app, which I am doing for this video. They also have this smart tracking mode that will follow your face and re- compose the shot if you are moving around. You definitely don't have to use that, but it is there if you want that feature. But, in my opinion, what makes this webcam so great is its audio quality. There's actually a pretty decent built-in microphone on this camera, but it also has a built-in wireless receiver. And so, if you pay 10 extra dollars to get the little wireless transmitter, you can easily clip that onto your shirt and get some really nice audio even if you are getting a little bit further away away your webcam. And also, this has built-in noise cancellation. So, I actually have that turned on and that just helps minimize some of the distractions in the background and makes my overall audio quality that much better. And that's what's so cool about this webcam is it's pretty easy to get set up. You just plug in your camera, turn on your wireless microphone, and you're good to go and you have both great video and audio quality, which is perfect if you're just trying to get started and don't want to deal with a bunch of cables and adapters. This is really a super simple setup. If you want to learn more about any of these cameras, we've actually done full reviews of each. I'll link those along with all the gear mentioned in the description of this video. But what if you're not filming at your desk? Maybe you're outside, moving around a lot. Well, that's where an action camera makes more sense. And one of the best action cameras you can pick up right now is the DJI Osmo Action 6. The biggest reason why I like this camera is how simple and easy it is to use. You simply turn it on, hit record, and you are filming. And that's why I often recommend action cameras for beginners because they remove so much complexity. One of my favorite features of the Action 6 is a feature called Horizon Steady. So, if I were to tilt the camera, as you notice the horizon stays nice and level. So, even if I'm not paying too much attention to the camera, I'm still getting great-looking images. Another reason why I like action cameras and with the Action 6 is the stabilization is really smooth. So, even as I'm walking and talking with the camera, things still stay really smooth, which is great if you do a lot of vlogging, outdoor content. It's great to have a little action camera like this in your bag. And another underrated feature of the Osmo Action 6, and it's probably one of my favorites, is the built-in storage of 50 GB. So, if you ever been out filming and maybe you forget your SD card, which has happened to me more than once, well, it's so nice to be able to switch to that internal storage option and you can still record your video, which is just great to have. I think all cameras should have built-in storage at this point. It's just so so nice. Now, the audio quality on the Action 6 is surprisingly solid. The internal microphone sounds great if you are just talking straight to it, but you can also connect two wireless microphones directly to the Action 6, which I'm doing right now. I have the DJI Mic 3 connected straight to the camera, so I can get as far as I want from the camera and I'm going to still have great sounding audio, which is just huge. And the image quality looks sharp and clean in that newer square sensor lets you shoot once and then reframe later for YouTube shorts or TikTok without losing image quality. They've also added new film tones, which gives you a more polished look straight out of camera. So, even if you don't know how to color grade, you don't have to. And it also saves a ton of time in editing. Now, there are a couple things to be aware of. Like most action cameras, the Action 6 has a fixed focus design, meaning everything is going to be pretty much in focus if you want it that sharp, crisp look. However, if you kind of get too close to the camera, you'll notice that doesn't quite look as sharp. So, you don't have that same level of control where you could focus on close objects, which is kind of a bummer. While low light is definitely improved on the Osmo Action 6, I still wouldn't recommend it if you primarily shoot in lower light situations because can look pretty grainy. Price for the Osmo Action 6 is $389 and a little bit more if you want to get the Adventure Combo, which has extra batteries as well as a selfie stick. If you are on a budget, the Osmo Action 5 Pro is still really solid and you can save a little bit of money if you don't need all those latest and greatest upgrades that the 6 has. Now, if you're the kind of creator that likes to walk and talk as you are filming or just want to show off your environment or get some really smooth footage in general, they should definitely check out the Osmo Pocket 3. This camera has become insanely popular for many reasons, but one is this built-in gimbal design. You get some of the smoothest handheld footage possible without needing to carry an extra gimbal. And the crazy thing is just how small this camera is. You can literally fit it in your pocket, hence its name. Now, a few reason why I personally like this camera is one, it's field of view. This has a 20 mm equivalent field of view, which is still wide to show off your environment, but not too wide where things look a little bit distorted. Image quality is really impressive for a camera this small. Footage is sharp, the colors look amazing. This camera has a relatively large 1-in sensor. That's going to help in low light, as well as give you a little bit of a blurry background to your video. So, it kind of separates you from the background, which is something that you won't see on most action cameras. Audio quality is another big win. The internal micro phones on the Pocket 3 is some of the best I've ever heard, and you can really just get away if you just want to use that. But again, you also have the ability to connect wireless microphones to this camera. So, if you want to get a little bit further, you can get perfectly synced audio straight into your camera. So, having good audio paired with great video is definitely a plus for creators. Battery life is pretty decent on the Osmo Pocket 3, as well. You can get around 2 hours of recording in 4K. Then, you can just quickly recharge it with USB-C if you need to. But if you grab the Creator Combo, it actually comes with this extension battery grip, which is super helpful, and it gives you an extra hour of recording time. And if you decide to get the Creator Combo, you also get a DJI Mic Transmitter, the wide-angle adapter, and this little tripod stand. Basically, everything you'd want in a full travel kit. There's a lot to like about the Osmo Pocket 3. One downside I will mention is because of its gimbal design and nature, it can be a little bit delicate. So, maybe you'd want to get the Osmo Action 6 if you want something a little bit more durable. But as long as you put the Pocket 3 away in its case and protect it, it's going to be just fine. Price point for the Osmo Pocket 3 is $520 for the camera and $670 for the Creator Combo. But at the time of recording this video, you can actually get this camera for $440, which is an absolute steal. And yes, I will probably recommend the Osmo Pocket 4 when it comes out. But even still, the Osmo Pocket 3 is such a great camera and still going to be relevant for years to come. But no matter how good your camera is, there are always moments in your video where you just don't have the time or the ability to capture every shot you want. When I need some extra footage for my video, that's where I turn to today's sponsor, Storyblocks. Storyblocks gives me unlimited access to high-quality stock footage, motion graphics, music, and sound effects, all under one simple subscription. That is such a huge time-saver. Let's say I need a drone shot, I can just go to Storyblocks, download one, bring it into my editing software, and I'm good to go. We use Storyblocks all the time for things like additional B-roll, animated backgrounds, and some really cool overlays that add texture to our video. Using a resource like Storyblocks allows us to focus on telling our story clearly and making better videos without having to overthink and reshoot our video. And as a filmmaker myself, I really appreciate that Storyblocks supports real artists and filmmakers. When you're using Storyblocks, you in turn are supporting these creatives at their craft. So, if you want to save time and tell better stories, go to storyblocks.com/thinkmedia or click the link in the description down below. And if you really want to take your videos to the next level, then you want to look at a mirrorless camera. And there are a few benefits of a mirrorless camera. Number one, you have a physically larger sensor, which is going to allow more light into the camera, and it's going to give you a blurrier background. So, if you really want your videos to pop and look professional, a mirrorless camera with a large sensor is what you're going to want. And you also have the ability to swap out lenses. So, if you want something ultra-wide, you can just buy a new lens, put it on there, and you can kind of get different looks out of your camera just by swapping the lens. And one of the best budget mirrorless cameras you can get right now is the Canon R50B. And I'm actually shooting with the Canon R50B right now with the Sigma 16mm f/1.4, and just look how blurry that background is. It does definitely help separate you from the background, and just makes it look a little bit more professional. It shoots 4K that's oversampled from a 6K sensor, so the footage looks extra sharp and detailed. Colors straight out of the R50B look really good. You can keep it simple by using the standard color picture profiles, or if you want to grow into color grading, this camera shoots 10-bit Canon Log 3, which gives you a lot more dynamic range to work with. Design-wise, it's super lightweight and compact, and it's clearly built with creators in mind. You have a fully articulating touchscreen. You also have great autofocus performance. You even have two record buttons, one on top and one on front of the camera. They even included a tripod mount on the side of the camera, so if you do a lot of vertical content, it's very easy just to put this on your tripod and you're good to go. Now, because this is a more budget-friendly mirrorless camera, there are some downsides and things you trade off for that cheaper cost. Like this camera does not have in-body image stabilization, so if you do a lot of handheld content, I would definitely recommend picking up a lens that has image stabilization. But if you mostly film inside a YouTube studio on a tripod doing talking head videos, this really isn't a big deal. And battery life is decent on this camera, but if you plan on recording for a long periods of time, I definitely recommend picking up a few extra batteries or possibly picking up this power adapter that you can easily plug into the wall and continuously power your camera. Also, the 4K 60 mode does have a significant crop, which kind of limits its flexibility. But again, this camera only costs $650 for the body only, and for a mirrorless camera, that's pretty hard to beat. But I honestly think that the Canon R50 V is one of the best budget-friendly options, especially if you are getting started. Okay, so maybe now we reach a point where YouTube starts becoming more than just a hobby. Maybe you're filming consistently, or maybe you just want to build out a real YouTube studio setup. This is where you need to truly invest in a professional video camera, something that's not going to overheat on you, not going to have certain recording limitations. The last thing you want is your camera to overheat or shut off mid-take. And that is where something like the Sony FX30 starts to make sense. This camera is part of Sony's cinema line, so the body design is more professional. Image quality on the FX30 is excellent. You get 10-bit color, strong dynamic range, tons of 4K options and codecs that give you plenty of flexibility whether you're just uploading to YouTube or doing more professional production work. Autofocus is also extremely reliable for talking head videos. You can just lock it in and not have to really worry about it. And as you can see in this video, I'm actually recording with the Sony FX30 and as you can see, it keeps me nice and focused and I almost never have to worry about it. This camera also really works well for live streaming. You can just run it over a USBC or use the full-size HDMI into a capture card. If you want to take your audio more seriously, you can add the optional XLR style top handle and plug in professional microphone straight into the camera. Now, this camera also has an APS-C size sensor, so you want to pair it with the right lens depending on your use case. Something like the Sigma 16 mm is a great match for YouTube setups like this. There are a bunch of great APS-C lenses that are affordable for this camera, which is awesome. Some features that you don't get on the R50 V that you do get on the FX30 is things like stabilization. The FX30 has in-body image stabilization, which is perfect if you are handheld behind the camera or even if you're in front of the camera vlogging. And most importantly, it has a built-in cooling fan. If you're someone who's really taking YouTube seriously or is doing a lot of client work or longer formats of videos like podcasts or interviews, then you definitely want to consider this camera. Price point for the Sony FX30 is around 2200 or around 1800 at the time of recording this video. Well, that is a pretty significant jump in terms of the cost for what you're getting with this camera, the amount of professional features like 10-bit video, incredible stabilization, the ability to add XLR inputs makes it a true workhorse of a camera and in my opinion, is worth the investment. Now, if you got money just burning a hole in your wallet and you want a serious hybrid full-frame camera, there's actually three on this list that are all fantastic options. And those three cameras are the Canon R6 Mark III, the Sony A7 V, and the Nikon ZR. I I to try the Canon R6 Mark III and what I was really impressed by was just how versatile and well-rounded this camera is. It's great for both photo and video, has excellent autofocus. The footage looks absolutely incredible. If you love Canon colors, you will absolutely love the footage from this camera. Stabilization is also really impressive and you have the ability to shoot 7K raw in this camera, which is just bonkers. Price point for the Canon R6 Mark III is $2,800. And if you already have a bunch of Canon lenses and are in that ecosystem, then picking up the R6 Mark III is a no-brainer. And if you're in the Sony camp, the new Sony a7S is an amazing pick as well. The Sony a7S has some of the best autofocus when it comes to video. You get improved stabilization. You get 4K video downscaled from 7K, which just gives you a really sharp and crisp image. Now, a couple downsides of the a7S it does not shoot internal raw. So, if you're looking for that, you can't get it in this camera. It's also the most expensive at $2,900. But, if you're looking for a strong hybrid camera and want to stay in the Sony ecosystem, the a7S is a great option. And the third full-frame camera that I've been really impressed with is the Nikon Z R. This camera can record 6K in three different raw formats, including Red raw, which has been my favorite. The colors just look so accurate and true to life. You also get this huge 4-in touchscreen, which is awesome if you're just trying to frame up your shot. Gives you a lot more confidence when shooting as well. The Z R uses the Nikon Z mount, so you'll have to use Nikon lenses or you could pick up this Sony E-mount adapter and use all your Sony lenses on this camera, which actually works surprisingly well. I think the Z R is probably the best option if you're looking for the best bang for the buck in this tier, since it only costs $2,200 for the body only. Out of these three cameras, you can't go wrong with either one. It basically comes down to your preference and which one you want to invest in lenses for the long term. If you want to dive deeper into any of these cameras, we've actually done full reviews of each. We'll have those linked in the description down below. So, to quickly recap, if you are filming at your desk and just want something simple, go with a webcam like the Hollyland Lyra. If you're outdoors, traveling, or moving around a lot and want something rugged, go with the Osmo Action 6. If you want smooth cinematic travel footage in a tiny package, then go with the Pocket 3. And when you're ready for an interchangeable lens camera without spending a ton, then start off with the Canon R50V. If YouTube is turning into something serious for you, like podcasts or long-form content, then go with the Sony FX30. If you're spending over two grand and want a full-frame hybrid camera, you can't go wrong with either the Canon R6 Mark III, the Sony a7S III, or the Nikon Z R. But let me know in the comments which camera you would pick up and why. And if you want to know the best cameras specifically for vlogging, then check out this video on screen right up here.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ThinkMediaTV [20 likes]: Which camera from this list fits your YouTube setup the best?  Let us know below ⬇
🔥Thanks to Storyblocks for sponsoring this video. Get 15% off any annual plan for a limited time, only available through this link: https://www.storyblocks.com/ThinkMedia
🎯 Check out the Best Cameras for YouTube on Amazon here ➡ https://geni.us/falH
  2. @aventurascomtadeu [3 likes]: We Love GoPro :face-red-heart-shape:
  3. @Cookingtheory24 [2 likes]: Why do I get more views for the cooking videos I shoot with my iPhone, and not the ones I shoot with my canon with a lighting setup?
  4. @lovanthanh3409: Sony A7V vs GMii?
  5. @indranilpaul9941: what about sony a6700 with 17-40mm DC art lens?
  6. @m1kalorian: is cheap in the room with us sir???
  7. @SovSavors: The best camera is the one you can afford and master the fundamentals. Fuck all that other bs. 💯💯
  8. @LocalCapitalGains: I am just confused about the DJI osmo pocket as the choice for travel because of how sensitive and fragile the camera is
  9. @alexander_sinclair: What about low light?
  10. @DadLab360: @ThinkMediaTV Can the FX3 sustain a minimum of 1 hour continuous 4K filming without shutting down due to overheating like the terrible a6700 does?
  11. @Red_Eyed: I have the MX Brio and it was fine for 2 years. But now it works when it wants to and it pisses me off so much. Lol. I’m looking for anything over 1k at this point since I’m more serious about this. Might as well! 😂
  12. @primeTunji: I'm currently trying to get the Sony FX30
  13. @in2minutesorless64: I'd love it if you went through your set up at 22 seconds. A video on that would be great!
  14. @ro_naldo6476: Lakelander, shout-out Love Birds and BSP!
  15. @James-km7yz: Canon PowerShot V1 or the Canon R50 V with the RF-S 14-30mm F4-6.3 IS STM PZ lens?
  16. @Alessiodesanta: I would also recommend a sony ZV e10 for a budget creator (you can go with a mark 2 if you have some more budget, otherwise you can find it used for 350€ in europe), it doesn't have the IBIS but apart from that it's an APSC sensor, swappable lenses, shoots high quality 4k and it's pretty easy tu set up and very lightweight to bring with you. I shoot mot of my content with that camera and people notice a lot
  17. @GraftonStreetMusic: iPhone 17 Pro Max + DJI Osmo Mobile 8.
  18. @NickCorona: Trying to judge the cameras and lenses but you use face filters lmao. common bro
  19. @adityachatterjee8839: Surprised you didnt cover zve10. Is it not in the budget mirrorless league? Was contemplating getting it but you didnt mention it. Whats your opinion regarding the ZVe10? :)
  20. @Ty-ye8rd: So, this is the gear to buy if you want to make videos about gear?


Why is 99 percent of YouTube, just reviewing crap.   Hardly anyone creates anything except what stuff to buy


Use your phone.  Make something.  No one cares what you filmed with

This guy.  He’s doing nothing.  Literally nothing.

This video is pointless.


This guys got all the gear, for what?   Making videos about gear?


That one vacation he took?   Cool plant photo 

Sweet beach.

- Affordable Gear I'd Buy If I Were Starting YouTube in 2026: Kind: captions Language: en Thanks to Storyblocks for sponsoring this video. If I was starting a YouTube channel completely from scratch this year and I had no experience and no gear, this is the kind of gear that I would be looking at purchasing. So whether you're somebody who films from your phone still or you're looking to purchase your first camera, all of these tools are really affordable and you can use for multiple purposes and they're simple to use, which I think is really key. And honestly, a lot of these I gravitate towards using over even more expensive options that I have because they're just so easy to use. So, let's dive right into the first piece of tech in this video, which is a wireless mic system. It's the Holland Lark M2, which has been out for a little while now. The combo kit costs $119 at the time of recording this video, but it often actually goes on sale for as low as $99, which is wild for what you're getting. You do get two wireless microphones as well as three different kinds of receivers with that combo kit. You're going to get a 3.5 millimeter adapter for cameras, so you can plug this directly into your camera, which is actually what I'm doing for this video. I'm using the Holand Lark M2 as my audio source. And then you also get dedicated receivers for USBC devices, like newer iPhones or Android devices, as well as a lightning receiver for older iPhones. So, you have all of your bases covered. I feel like the audio quality with the Holland is a little bit brighter than some other microphones and I actually like that for my personal voice, but some people if you have a deeper, richer voice, you might want something that doesn't accentuate those high-end frequencies as much. So, just something you want to be aware of. But I feel like for the price toerformance ratio, for some reason, this is the mic that I always gravitate towards and typically is the one I would recommend somebody look at if you are just starting out. Now, a little bonus accessory you could pair with your wireless mic systems are these wireless mic handles as well as the foam windscreens that these sometimes come with. Now, we ordered a custom Think Media one, but this is such a cool solution to turn your wireless mic, which you typically would like clip onto your shirt or your collar, and make it more of like an interview talking head kind of setting. And it honestly puts the microphone in a better orientation for your mouth to capture better audio. So, I really love doing this kind of setup. And it's completely wireless, so I can walk all around, do an interview with somebody with these wireless handles, and it looks great, and it's going to sound really good, too. Now, moving right along to our next accessory is another microphone. This is a podcast microphone from Fifine. This is the Fifine AM8, and this is only about a $50 podcast microphone, but the audio quality sounds so good. I actually have done some dedicated videos where I feature this as the main microphone, and I'm always impressed with how the sound quality is. I actually compared it with the Shore SM7DB. For those of you who don't know, that's a $500 microphone. So, this thing costs 10 times less, but honestly, it sounds really comparable. I'll actually show you some of that sound comparison right here. Check out this microphone right here. So, this mic is the Shore SM7 DB, and this is a $500 microphone. And this is typically the microphone that I use in my studio and I use for all of my live streams. When you compare a $500 microphone to this $50 Fifine AM8, I am shocked at how similar they sound in terms of audio performance. If you really listen closely, I think you can start to notice some differences between their price points. But honestly, for $50, I'm shocked at how well the Fifine works. So, as you can see, this microphone honestly sounds so good for $50. And with that $50 price, it actually comes in a couple variants where you could have like a tabletop mic stand with it as well as another option that's like a bendable boom arm that you could use for a podcast setup or something like that. So, some cool accessories come with the Fifine. I will say the build quality feels a little bit plasticky. So, it's not going to win any awards for build quality, but what is cool is it's actually XLR inputs as well as USBC. So, you can use this with audio interfaces as well as just directly into your cell phone or a computer via the USBC slot, and you're ready to record high quality audio. Now, shifting gears from audio, let's talk about some cameras. And still one of our favorite choices this year for creators is the Sony ZV10, the original one, not the Mark I, the OG ZV10. We have recommended this camera to so many creators who just continue to be satisfied with what this little camera can do for them. So, new this camera is running between $6 and $700 at the time of recording this video. You can easily get this used though, and I actually got my copy used for $500 off of Facebook Marketplace, and you can just scout around even eBay or Craigslist, these kind of thirdparty sites, to get yourself a used ZV10 for a pretty affordable price. I think what we love about the ZV10 is that it's able to do everything pretty well. It takes really good video up to 4K at 30 frames per second, which is typically all you're going to need for standard YouTube style talking head videos and then you can shoot your slow motion clips in 1080p if you want to do slow motion kind of footage. It also takes really good photos, too. So, photos are something that you're going to need to consider when it comes time to make your YouTube thumbnails. And some people like just having a quality photo camera, and the ZV10 definitely gets the job done. Now, the other camera that we might recommend to you just starting out is the Canon R50V. This is also a brand new mirrorless camera from Canon and it is around the same price range as the ZV10 and this is a much older camera. So the R50V is brand new at about $700. The benefits of going for the R50V are you are going to get some better image quality because it can shoot at what's called 10bit video and that's just going to retain more color information. If you're somebody who ends up liking to color grade your footage, that's going to be really helpful for you. as well as you can shoot 4K video up to 60 frames per second to get you some slow motion options in 4K. Now, I know if you're just starting out, paying $700 for a camera sounds kind of crazy, and cameras are just getting more and more expensive, unfortunately. I will link a video down in the description below where we highlight our favorite cameras under $500. So, if you're somebody who wants an even more affordable camera option, you can check out that video. Now, when you purchase a mirrorless camera, you'll also need to purchase a lens to go on the front of that camera. And lately, my favorite lens for beginners has been the Viltrox 20 millimeter f2.8 lens, specifically because it's so affordable. So, this lens is only $176. And this right now, I believe, is only for the Sony E-mount and the Nikon Zmount. So, if you have a Sony camera or a Nikon mirrorless camera, you can use this lens. And it's cool because it's actually a full-frame lens. So, this will work with all full-frame Sony cameras as well as these smaller crop sensor cameras that have a smaller sensor. Something to note with this lens is it is a prime lens. So there's no zoom capabilities with this lens. You're just stuck at a 20 millimeter field of view. And if you want to zoom in or zoom out to get tighter shots, you have to move your camera closer to your subject. So that's one of the drawbacks of prime lenses. If you are somebody who likes to zoom in and out pretty frequently. But on the other side, a benefit of a prime lens are they tend to have some better image quality. And I think this lens looks really good even though it's only $176. Now, before we dive into these other accessories, a great way that you can elevate your videos, even if you're just starting out, is with stock footage. And that's why we partnered with Storyblocks to sponsor this video. Now, Storylocks gives you unlimited access to a massive library of highquality stock assets, all for one predictable subscription cost. They have amazing 4K and HD footage. They've got motion graphics templates, music, sound effects, and much more. I've actually personally been using Story Blocks for about eight years to fill in all of the missing pieces of my video projects when I don't have time to go out and shoot B-roll. In a world too, where AI is just so prevalent, Story Blocks is also making a point to highlight real artists work and capturing real stories and real emotions from real creators and talent that AI just cannot replicate. So, we love using Storyblocks here at Think Media. If you want to get started, you can head to storyblocks.com/thinkmedia or click the link down in the description. Now, there's one more camera that I want to mention, which is a webcam, and this is the Insta360 Link2C. So, it's this little guy right here, and this is a $149 webcam. What I think is cool about this camera is it suffices for most people's needs who do things like video calls or some like remote video podcasting potentially or gamers or even like coaches and business owners. If you hop on Zoom calls all the time and you want to elevate your webcam quality, this is a really good solution for you. The image quality on this is so much better than the built-in webcam on my MacBook Pro. It's actually shocking how bad my MacBook Pros webcam is. So, this elevates that substantially, only for about $150. And this actually comes with some pretty cool software where you're able to adjust some different settings like your actual shutter speed and exposure settings, as well as your depth of field. You can add a little bit of a blurry background effect to mimic what a more high-end mirrorless camera might provide in terms of depth of field, which some people really like. So, I think this is a really good option for beginners who aren't ready to fully invest in a mirrorless camera system or even a point-and-oot mirrorless camera and they're on a stricter budget. This can get you some better video quality and it's not that expensive overall. So, these are some of our favorite core cameras and microphones and lenses to get you started. But, there obviously are accessories that you need to round out your YouTube studio kit if you're just starting out. The first would be if you're still shooting on just your cell phone, I think a really good option for you to look at is something like this. This is the Ulanzi MT16 and it's sort of like a vlogging mini tripod handle thing and it's really versatile. It can be used for a lot of different purposes and typically I use this when I want to vlog with my cell phone and don't want to have to hold the phone in my hand. This is a really easy way to pop it on a little handle and extend your reach to get a more natural feeling vlog position while you're vlogging, but it also can be used as a tabletop tripod. So, right now I could set this up on this desk in front of me and then rig it up right here. And then I'd have a tripod on the tabletop. I would just plug my phone right into this phone holder slot and I'd be good to start recording. There actually is a cold shoe port on the side as well that you could attach different accessories as well. So maybe like you wanted to hook up a light or a microphone to have rigged up right here on this handle, you can do that as well. Now, this particular model is about $21 to purchase, but they actually come in all different sizes as well. So if you want one that raises up a lot taller that you could put on the ground, you could look at like the Ulanzi. I think they have the MT44 or even like a 62 or something like that. So, you can look at different options depending on what your specific needs are for filming with your smartphone. Now, another accessory for you smartphone creators out there is this thing from Small Rig. This is the Small Rig video monitor. And this whole kit right here is $65. When I saw this at NAB when it was released, I was shocked at how cheap this thing was. Like I literally was talking to I think her name was Josie at NAB and I was like wait how cheap is this? 65 bucks for the whole kit. There's so much value behind this tiny little kit. And the main product that you get is that monitor. So what this guy solves is it uses MagSafe so you can attach it to the back of your phone or even to this rig itself. And now you can screen mirror your camera app directly to the Small Rig monitor. So you're able to see your composition when you're recording with the rearfacing cameras. Now, if you move your phone around too fast, there might be some latency at times. I have noticed that. But typically, once I turn the screen on and leave it on for a few minutes, that latency tends to die down. And then I'm able to use my camera app on my phone pretty easily and hit record. And now I can see myself while I'm recording using the rear cameras, which is such a big win. This thing is honestly one of my favorite accessories for smartphones. And I'm hoping that I can make a dedicated review and tutorial about how to use this thing in the next few weeks. So, be sure to watch out for that. Now, the next accessory on our list is actually the tripod that I currently have my camera set up on. It's the Magnus VT300 video tripod with a fluid head as well. Now, this tripod costs just under $70, but when I purchased it, it was $99. So, it's actually one of the very few things this year that has come down in price versus everything else going up in price. The cool thing about this tripod is even though it's all plastic, it feels very wellb built and it has a really nice fluid head. So, that's going to allow you to do some nice cinematic movements or pans and tilts, other kind of tripod moves to get high quality looking B-roll clips if you're somebody who shoots a lot of B-roll footage for your videos. It also supports heavier cameras and has a really large quick release plate. So, this is great. I have my Sony FX3 on it right now and a bunch of different accessories and it handles the weight of this camera no problem. So, if you're looking for a dedicated tripod for your camera systems, the Magnus VT300 is the exact one I'm using for this video, and I use it all the time. Now, our last couple accessories are some video lighting solutions. And lighting is going to help you get better video results, whether you're shooting on your smartphone or a dedicated camera. Now, the first light is a more affordable light solution. This is a $99 light from Amaran. It's their Ace25C. So, this is a cool light. The C stands for color. So, this light can be full RGB, so you can make the background like purple or green or yellow, whatever you want it to be. And only for $99. The amount of output that you're getting out of this light is crazy. So, and you don't just have to do these like purpley colors as well. But I'll just show you. For example, this light is super tiny. I'm currently using a really powerful light to light my whole space blue. But this little tiny light overpowers that even the blue light that I had and lights up the entire space pink all from this tiny little light source. Now, you don't just have to use the color mode on this light. You could switch it into just regular color temperature mode. And this is what that looks like. I mean, this thing is so bright. You could use it as a main key light to light yourself or an accent backlight or to add like some fill on your background or something. So, this light is really versatile. You can use it for a lot of different reasons and it's relatively affordable at $99. And if you need a lighting solution that's a little bit more powerful, my favorite new lighting kit is also from Amaran. It's the Amaran Pano 60C lighting kit. So, you can buy these lights just solo, but I think the most value is when you purchase this kit. Now, it is $329, which is one of the most expensive accessories in this entire video. But what's cool is you get so many accessories for that price. You get two panel lights, and these are 60 watts of power. So, honestly, they're really similar to the smaller Ace25C in terms of functionality, but they're just a lot bigger with brighter outputs. So, you got full RGB modes, and I'm using one of them right now to light my space blue, and then I'm using the other one as my key light for this video. And they also come with dedicated light stands and diffusers. You just got everything you need for that $329. We really do love what Amaran is doing in terms of lighting solutions for creators. So, you can check these out down in the description below. Now, if you want to see some of our other favorite camera options other than the ZV10, you can click or tap the screen right here to check out that video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ThinkMediaTV [25 likes]: What questions do you have about building your YouTube Setup? Let us know below! ⬇
🔥Download unlimited stock media at one set price with Storyblocks ➡︎ https://storyblocks.com/ThinkMedia
📈 Want to break through on YouTube? Join our FREE 3-Day YouTube Growth Sprint for the ultimate plan to start getting views and grow your channel fast! ➡ http://YTSprint.com/
  2. @okukun3 [5 likes]: Am I cooked if I'm looking for 67 reference in the comments after 4:15
  3. @okuu_utsuho [1 likes]: Affordable. Pfft. Nothing you said is affordable, especially these days.
  4. @TheCypherRoom: Just have to say I think its really cool that your willing to help others get started! 🙏💪👏👏👏👏👏 respect brother! 🇺🇸
  5. @Andrew-l5p-z2l: I needed this video
  6. @NVGGuitar: 500-700 bucks camera is not in any way affordable.
  7. @cammy333: do you know what affordable means
  8. @ralphberrett8485: I buy used when buying photo gear.
Here is my main gear 
Nikon D5 $1650
D4s $1200
(2) Nikon D3 $700  Backup

Nikkor 200-500mm f5.6 VR $1000
Nikkor 300mm F2.8 AF-I $400-700
Nikkor 80-200mm F2.8 AF-S $350
Nikkor 28-70mm F2.8 AF-S $350
Nikkor 17-35mm F2.8 AF-S $350
Kenko 1.4X adapter $35 

My backup lenses
Nikkor 35-70mm F2.8 D $57
Nikkor 80-200mm F2.8 ED $160
Tokina 300mm F2.8 (which I  have  owned since 1998) $700 

(2) SB-800 Speedlights $80
  9. @its_nollid: With the smallrig screen, can it also be used for android/sony cameras?
  10. @Alex-Un-Limited: 10:19 I had one - but honestly had some issues with balancing them properly/things falling over

Instead neweer had a small metal solid tripod that is insanely cheap…
  11. @aleksandrloktionov3815: not budget
  12. @iantotan4229: Buy sony a6700 + pk3 in second hand market may become a better  combo option for people like me
  13. @predatoracademytv: Can you drop a link to that custom mic cover with your logo?
  14. @манипемехум: On cover 65$, 2.44 in we are over 600$, at least put expensive stuff in he end of the video 😢
  15. @GworxOz3953: No nuts?
  16. @TheVirtualReptarium: You can get that same mic for $10  get a 4k 30fps action cam for $40 or dji osmo action for $225 bottom line is , you can get these items a lot cheaper than said here he's able to tag these items in this video and get a commission
  17. @АлексейСергеев-е8у: how bout link for this wireless mic handle
  18. @GlyphKK: Finally a good video. I recommend the godox litemons c30r portable light at around $70 with rgb. 30 watts. I like your comparison on mics - that shure mic is legend. Overall great video man and appreciate your content!
  19. @ADayOfHoward: Thank you. I will collect these for my videos. Just starting to do Ytb
  20. @Zkyler_4x: Bro  called me poor in 8 languages

- My Entire YouTube Studio on One Desk!: Kind: captions Language: en this is my entire YouTube studio all on one desk from here I can record talking head videos shoot tabletop b-roll for product reviews and even capture thumbnails all without ever changing the setup so in this video I'll walk you through the gear I chose how to put it together and demonstrate its various uses for Content creation now I've been making videos in this space for about 6 years now and one of the biggest challenges I faced is constantly setting up and tearing down equipment for different shots and after years of experimenting with different setups I finally decided to build this all-in-one solution that allows me to make videos in less time with less friction and I thought I would share this all with you so to kick things off let's go over the gear I chose for this build at the heart of the setup is the desk and I use the motorized sit stand desk from flexi spot which is perfect for standing up or sitting down when you're recording your video this is the 48x 24 in version which provides plenty of room for filming top down b-roll while still allowing you to move around there's also a 40-in version that you could use if you want to save space and will work just as well I decided to pick up these wheels also made by flexi spot and that allows me to move the desk around my bedroom for different setups or I can roll it back against the wall to keep things tidy there are several different surface options you can choose from I chose the White surface because it not only gives a clean look for my Boll but it also reflects the light well acting as a natural fill light for my videos from here we're going to be attaching a bunch unch of different gear and one thing I wanted to do is have a power solution to power all my different equipment so I decided to pick up this power strip and screw it onto the bottom of the desk and now I have a bunch of different outlets for powering my camera equipment I also purchased these cable trays to keep everything organized in a setup like this it's definitely good to have cable management to keep your workspace clean this desk comes with this handy headphone holders which can be used to keep extra cords organized or in my case I can use it to hold my video light control box for the video light I'm using my old aperture 120d it's plenty bright for this setup and I love that I can control it with this remote unfortunately the 120d is not available new but you could use something like the amaran 60ds which will work quite well my go-to for soft lighting is this 36in softbox but this setup was much too deep and would stick out onto the desk after some shopping I found the softbox made by godox which is about half the depth of a traditional softbox but provides the same level of softness thanks to its width and its layers of diffusion attaching the light to the desk can be tricky if you use a basic light stand it will stick far into the desk but luckily I found this really cool desk magic arm made by raw it allows you to position the light away from the desk to get into the perfect position it's kind of pricey at $70 but it's worth it in my opinion so that way I could get my light exactly where I want it next let's talk about the camera rig which is made by teron who are actually sponsoring today's video I was in the middle of building this setup when they reached out with their camera desk Rigs and I'm glad they did because I think this is the perfect option I've used other rigs in the past but unfortunately they would be a bit wobbly these however are Rock Solid thanks to its sturdy base and it allows plenty of flexibility for mounting your camera it comes with everything you need including a desk Mount extension column arm ball head and even this iPad Mount they could use to attach a tablet or your phone to this rig in order to mount this rig to your desk simply slide it on then turn the two tightening knobs until it's secure from here we can add our camera arm and lock it in place then we can attach the camera to the included ball head and secure it now the camera I've been using recently is the Sony zve E10 Mark II it's great for this build because it's lightweight and has excellent image quality and autofocus for filming YouTube videos the lens I have paired with it is the sigma 16 f1.4 which gives you a very wide field of view and at f1.4 it lets in a ton of light and has a shallow depta field to separate you from the background in order to power the camera I picked up this dummy power adapter for around $25 this is crucial because it allows me to shoot continuously without worrying about battery life which is especially useful for long filming sessions moving on to the second camera angle I wanted an overhead setup that I could use for filming unboxings and b-roll for my videos you could use a stand and boom your camera above to get that overhead look however for this build I really wanted everything on one desk so I decided to use this heavyduty articulating camera arm also made by teron which has these flexible gear joints for allowing you to adjust the camera into the perfect position it can support about 6.6 lb in this horizontal configuration which is plenty for our use and I love that these neural joints help lock the camera so it doesn't sag and it doesn't shake too much now instead of using the included desk Mount you can conveniently attach it to the top of our previous rig to save on space this adds height to the overall setup and allows the arm to move out so we have more range for positioning the camera for the overhead camera I'm using the Sony Z10 mark1 and while it's not as nice as the Mark I it offers good enough image quality for overhead b-roll especially when it's properly exposed and the lens I'm using with it is the sigma 1850 f2.8 which is a tiny lightweight lens that gives me the flexibility to change up the framing I love this lens because it is super sharp and allows for crazy minimum Focus distance so you can get really close up on products again I have a dummy battery powering the camera and I have an HDMI cable coming from the camera to this external monitor so I can make sure my image is framed up properly and I can see what I'm filming without having to look up at the camera the monitor that I'm using is the OC G7 which is a 7-in camera Monitor and that is attached to to the center column of this desk rig with a friction arm now this monitor may be a little overkill for the setup but I already had it in my kit you could go with something like a 5-in camera monitor but I do find that the larger display is nice since you are a few feet away for audio you could use something like a wireless mic so that way you can roam around freely but I actually prefer to have everything ready to go so I decided to mount a boom microphone to this rig the microphone I decided to use is the Road video mic goto which at $100 it sounds pretty decent it's also extremely lightweight which is perfect for a setup like this in order to mount this to the rig I simply used a friction arm and this cold shoe adapter and then clamp that onto the overhead rig then you can connect this to your camera through the microphone Jack now you could just Mount this to the overhead rig which is actually kind of nice or you could run a 3.5 mm extension cable all the way into the main camera angle as long as you're recording with both it shouldn't matter which camera you're connected to and with that the rig is complete this is what it looks and what it sounds like and again this setup is on Wheels so I can move this around my space change it up get different backgrounds all without ever having to change anything directly on this setup now there are a few different configurations you can use this for so let's quickly go through a few different options number one is talking head video so just as I'm doing right now I can talk to the camera I got my nice soft lighting right here my microphone is perfectly in place so all I got to do is Step Up press record and I am good to go of course this is a sit stand desk so I could do this standing like I'm doing now or I could sit down if I want a more relaxed Vibe the second setup is an overhead setup so a lot of times I'm doing product reviews or unboxings and I just want an overhead setup that's very clean very minimal so right here we have just a nice white look I have my little color Checker right there but let's say I wanted to review a lens or so can move this out of the way and just have that perfectly it's autofocusing so I don't have to worry about that I can just work from here grab the different shots I need I could even throw in different props here in the corner and here we go it adds just a little bit more interest while still having a clean look one thing that I enjoy using are these vinyl desk mats so you can get these in different sizes but this just adds a whole new vibe to your video If you're looking for an extra pop of color again if I just had that same setup as before this just adds a whole new look to the video and these desk matks are pretty inexpensive in a great way to change up the look of your video and because I'm using a zoom lens I can actually change up the framing so if I want to zoom in I can get an even tighter look like this or I can go a bit wider if I have a larger product and I can just frame it up just how I see fit I just love that flexibility so I have to worry about raising or lowering the camera and again the Sigma lens has super close minimum Focus distance so like right there this is crazy it's just a few inches from the camera but in Focus so that just adds to the versatility of what you can do with this setup number three is multicamera because we have our aoll camera and our overhead camera we can actually hit record on both and let's say I'm filming a video and I want to show show you a product well I can do so without ever having to later film in the b-roll clip and insert it in I can just present it live which is super cool and helps speed up your workflow this matte in particular has color on both sides so I could have orange or this lighter pale green on the other side which just kind of adds a little bit of different options depending on what you're filming what color scheme you're going for number four is you can add a laptop to the setup for even more versatility so go ahead and grab your laptop grab an HDMI capture card that way we can connect our cable through the HDMI and into our computer once it's all connected your laptop will recognize your computer as a webcam that means you can have your top-notch video your lighting your audio as your main webcam which is fantastic if you are streaming or let's say you're doing a zoom call this setup will work perfectly for that the fifth way we can use the setup is for what I call tabletop film making if you watch watch any of my videos before typically I'm filming on a white surface filming cameras or other Gear with the wall or background just behind it and because we smartly mounted our camera rig and our lights off to the side we have a little over 3 ft where we can actually just film a nice clean look for our product b-roll because we have a nice large surface and it's on Wheels we can imagine this whole setup being a pseudo tripod you can grab a little tabletop tripod Mount your camera wheel this around your studio and if you're filming something that's not on the table you can get some really cool looks of course this desk is motorized so you could even use this as a dolly or some kind so really cool stuff you can do with this if you get creative one of my favorite little tools I've been playing around recently is this tiny cheap slider it's a motorized slider so I could simply move around put my camera on the slider and have some really Dynamic shots and with this you can just imagine how quickly you're able to capture footage that's really high quality fast and simple so for example let's say you're filming something that's big and does not fit on the table you can simply rotate your light around you can adjust the camera height with the desk because it's motorized pop on your camera on a little motorized slider and in just a few adjustments you can capture some really Dynamic movement really fast and simply one thing that takes up more more time than I realize when I'm making videos is grabbing Simple and Clean thumbnails and I so excited to have this kind of implemented in this rig so that way I could speed up that part of the YouTube content creation process so because we have our camera we already have the good lighting all we got to do is just find a nice clean back wall turn on the light turn on the camera and snap a few photos with some different poses holding up a product and with that I can remove the wall and post replace it with something really cool and in just a matter of a few minutes you can grab several different options all with this setup which is super nice to have and once we're done for the day we can simply roll this whole setup into a corner when it's not in use to keep things nice and clean in your space all right so I calculated the total cost of this setup and it comes out to around $900 minus the cameras in lenses which honestly sounds like a lot at first but once you break it down that's only $3 to $350 for the table the wheels the organizer the rigs the power cables if you wanted to achieve the same setup traditionally you'd have to buy tripods lightstands and a bunch of other rigging things so you're still spending around $200 to $300 and that's not even the most high quality gear and don't forget you still need to buy the items like the lights the microphone the camera monitor once we break it down like that it's only about about $1 to $200 more to get this result and it's a low footprint and it saves you just so much time overall I am very pleased with this desk setup it has significantly changed my workflow allows me to shoot faster without compromising on the kinds of shots I'm wanting to achieve let me know in the comments down below if you plan on making one and if you're looking to improve your film making this year then be sure to check out this video right here thank you so much for watching and I'll catch you in the next one peace

  Top Comments:
  1. @quicksite [176 likes]: Phenomenally great job. I was mentally calculating as I watched just ow much effort went into this video. 
1) You had to have already spent a considerable amount of time figuring out and testing the componentry of the whole setup, 
2) You had to have spent a lot of time setting up your own v1, v2, v3 assemblages of the components and testing the overall usability of the very parts that you spec'd while researching the rig -- in essence doing your proof of concept assurances that your original picks in fact performed as you were originally imagining. 
3) You obviously went through rounds of tweaks in how all the components were mounted, testing camera shots, lighting configurations, sound quality, and your whole workflow to produce and post-produce sample content. 
4) Only after doing all the above, you then needed to write the script for this video. It is all so perfectly presented, so fluid in its wording and presentation that you clearly put a lot of time into writing it, both in outlining the components of the video, and the sequencing of how you might communicate and present all of the pieces you wanted to illustrate. 
5) You went through multiple edits of the script, timing out how much run time would be required, figuring out better/best juxtapositions of the content to present
6) You broke down the script into shot lists and spatially configuring in your mind all the angles and how to compose them in relation to the room and your existing furnishings.
7) You obviously did many test shots to practice and execute the various visuals you'd already spec'd, to optimize the look and feel of how you were illustrating the elements, and testing sound quality.
8)  You probably did some test edits of combining shots to see how they were resulting in fluid sequences, and tweaking audio where needed.
9)  Then came shooting.
10)  I cannot hazard a guess at how many hours this required. Theoretically it could have all been shot in one day, but I rather doubt that's all it took.  Because again as part of the trial and error and tweaking on the fly, you probably did retakes and probably a few reshoots changing up/tweaking the actual camera/zoom/angles etc.
11)  Rough editing - probably a few days
12)  EFX/ GFX / changing/swapping in & out different B-roll illustration elements
13)  Sound sweetening
14)  Youtube upload workflow including thumbnail, video title, description, the actual upload
15)  Adding/ pulling in your marketing elements into description ... Watching and evaluating the whole video, perhaps making some final tweaks, possibly using YT's built-in editor, possibly re-uploading a minorly changed version. I actually don't recall if there was any music in bg, i think not, but maybe there was and it was just handled so well that I wasn't even aware of there being any music at all.
16)  Publishing the video

That's a tremendous amount of work and effort, and throughout any of the above articulated elements, lesser-talented people may have created/produced lesser results.  Grateful that there are none of the hallmark cutesy little asides or clever little insertions intended as comic relief. That stuff is always so groan-worthy, and so it's great to see really clean, really pro, really accompished production and presentation without any of those telltale B-level, C and D-level content creator detractions.

I've never seen your channel before. I happened upon this in the right hand related video column, and quite honestly the subject matter was so compelling, and the thumbnail promised something of high quality, well-thought-out and not any click-bait to grab my attention but ultimately waste my time where I then feel like a fool for falling for the usual clickbaity failed-promise, failure to deliver the goods.  I am happy to say that watching your video was fascinating and effortless -- which I know can only mean there was a tremendous amount of effort invested in by you the creator. ....  I was so impressed that I didn't even think about or plan this comment -- i just immediately began typing on the fly my call-outs and appreciation for such a high quality/ high value piece of content where i learned some really unique things.  I just also love love any compact elegant solutions to things, creating efficient systematized ways to simplify and improve a process and workflow.

I have never ever written such a reply to a tech video before.  Never ever before for a Marques video, certainly never before for a Linus video.  The overall quality of tech videos has improved by about 500% over the past 5-6 years, the threshold requirements have all risen, and you with this video rose to the occasion to effectively bring these higher-grade A-list production qualities and elements to a potentially huge array of creators.  There is no doubt in my mind that there will not be hundreds of people who take this perfect template you've created and go out and buy all the recommended components then reproduce the collective results.  VERY VERY FEW people/channels could ever ever achieve this kind of direct impact on people. Cheers and well done. (*This was all written one-pass, no planning, no edits.)
  2. @woocashtech [5 likes]: Any Android tablet or iPad can be connected to Sony camera wirelessly and display what camera sees using either Sony’s “Monitor and control” app, or 3rd party Monitor+ app. And you have iPad/tablet mount included :D
  3. @lylyphan6401 [1 likes]: At 3:56, is that 16mm lens suitable for filming real estate and architectural projects, and does it cause distortion of the edges?  
Because I need a camera with a suitable lens for content creators filming vlogs to share real estate knowledge, and I often go to shoot beautiful houses. I hope you can recommend a suitable product. I have subscribed to your channel, which I really enjoy.
  4. @papasmurf-p8e: kid is a DoD consultant lmao
  5. @TheCypherRoom: Just have to say I think its really cool that your willing to help others get started! 🙏💪👏👏👏👏👏 respect brother! 🇺🇸
  6. @supernews4575: It is very good that you have money for all these stuff....lucky
  7. @CoreyBurkhead: Any suggestions on how to prevent my camera from shaking if I touch my desk?
  8. @EDC-EMS: Can you please share links for the light setup?
  9. @vickysingh10137: Hey bro, what is the colour code of your Wall Paint. Could you please give me that.
  10. @SheilaGP_artjourney: This is a really good video! I have one of the mounts that you have mentioned and is very helpful. My biggest struggle now is the lighting for my art shots which are overhead. I love the idea of a table on wheels, I think that will definitely help to move my table next to the window and tidy up after. Thanks so much
  11. @m4rku53: Hi broTHER! M4RKU5 HERE!awesome video so helpful took 4 pages of notes and products to use  BUILDING MY ALL BLACK OP GAMING PC ATM! ALSO DOING THE WHOLE DESKS THINGS LIKE YOU'VE DONE I'M LUCKY I'M DOWN I'M MY HUGE BASEMENT WHICH HAS REALLY COOL NATURAL STONE WALLS FOR BACK DROPS . I'M USING 3 DESKS IN A HORSE SHOE WITH 3 CAMERAS ON EACH AND BOOMS LIKE YOU HAVE VERY SIMILAR CAMERAS SORRY I KNOW THEY'RE SONY CAN'T REMEMBER NUMBERS  PLUS I'VE GOT SIMILAR LENSES ON EACH I THINK THEY'RE  CANNON I'VE MANAGED TO GET A FEW COOL NEON'S MOUNTED ON THE WALLS WITH A CUSTOM NEON LIGHT WITH MY NAME
M4RKU5 THOUGHT ID MIX IT UP WITH THE NUMBERS! I've BEEN DOING amateurSTUFF WITH TRIPODS ETC JUST TRYING TO GET INTO SPEAKING AND BRINGING IN MY PERSONALITY  YOU KNOW ADDING A BIT FUN SO THE VIDEOS SEEM FUN ETC YOU KNOW. BROTHER I WANTED TO ASK HOW DO I BECOME SORT OF LIKE A PRODUCT TESTER FROM THESE DIFFERENT TECH COMPANIES SO I CAN DO THE VIDEOS ON THEM COULD YOU DROP ME A COMMENT?? I'm GUESSING EMAILING THEM DIRECT???  ALSO YOUR CAMERAS WHAT MEMORY AND MEMORY CARDS ARE THE USING OR ARE THEY GOING STRAIGHT INTO A STORAGE DEVICE????
  12. @billycasimir1469: This was awesome thank you. I don’t need the overhead angle, I want to get into producing and making music in addition to My Fitness contents so I would love to explore, adding a condenser microphone and preamp to this set up.
  13. @simonibssa: hey there! do you know if the main camera boom can moved to double as the overhead? as much as I would love to buy a second ZV e10 I'm balling on a budget :D
  14. @ThisMichaelBrown: That is wicked cool, thanks!
  15. @TheGlovedUnboxer: This is so cool, exactly what I'm looking for. I just started a hobby channel, and looking for way how to improve content quality :)
  16. @ejeangilles: What is that background on your wall. Is it wall paper or gradient paint.
  17. @so_cal_mom: Great video - thank you!
  18. @YuteChoob: The total cost is not $900 minus the cameras and lenses. What you mean is the total cost minus the cost of the cameras and lenses is $900. Also, if it doesn't include the cameras and lenses, then it's not the total cost.
  19. @GRS747: Great video.  How do you switch camera views while recording from the overview camera to the front-facing camera?
  20. @FullProofHunter: Question from a small creator, filming in a small room. I have not found a great lighting solution yet.  The lights  have tried are either too bright or do not diffuse well enough.  I like your setup and am going to try to mimic it somewhat.  Do you feel the Amaran 60D S can dim down well enough to not wash out my background or would I need to find a light that is a little less powerful?  I film with my IPhone 17 pro and I am sure that there is some basic lighting tips I am missing but I am just trying to simplify my setup with just one key light.  Hope you see this and thanks for any help!

- Best Cameras for YouTube! (Cheap to Expensive): Kind: captions Language: en so you're looking to buy a camera to start making content this year but with so many different options out there it's tough to know which one's actually worth your money so in this video I'll break it down and highlight some of our favorite cameras that we've actually used so you can confidently choose which camera fits your needs and budget you got to just press record hey what's up Nate here with think media now we ask the question all the time what is the best camera for YouTube If I want to start making videos this year and really there are a couple different factors I would consider when trying to buy a camera specifically for making YouTube content number one is you want a camera that's going to be easy to use that way you can just focus on creating content so having features like autofocus having a flip out screen or a screen so you can see yourself is all going to be very helpful when you are making YouTube videos and second is the ability to shoot at least 4K video now we want to make sure we have a really highquality image file to work with with that being said I broke this video down into a few different categories depending on each camera we talk about and in our first category we'll be discussing travel and Vlog cameras which brings me to my first recommended camera for travel and that is the DJI osmo action 5 Pro this thing is incredible not only because it's small but it's also extremely rugged this thing is meant to be abused and thrown in different environments and I'd rather use a camera that I know is extremely rugged rather than putting my expensive camera in those precarious situations not only that this camera is very easy to use thanks to its big touchcreen on the back I can adjust settings very quickly and intuitively there's also a screen up front that I can use to view myself frame myself in this shot without having to guess where I'm positioned in the frame so having a little feature like that is so incredible and allows me to make sure I know I'm getting the shot so this camera is super convenient but it also has some really great image quality and right now you can see just how great of an image this little camera can pack into it overall I'm really impressed with the image quality but it has some really impressive features that just also make it easy to use number one there is this feature called Horizon balance so if I were to rotate my camera up to 45° it keeps my video nice in level which is perfect if you're filming yourself maybe you don't have it perfectly level it's going to do that all for you and it has incredible smooth stabilization so it's going to make sure that as you're filming you're going to not get all those shakes and Jitters in your footage another great feature that makes this a great vlogging camera is its battery life you can shoot on One battery for around 3 to 4 hours which can sometimes last me a full day on one charge but if you pick up this adventure combo pack you can actually swap out for one of these batteries in this nice charging case so really you can be shooting for maybe a whole week without having to really worry about battery life I can go on and on about the different features about this camera like it's built-in storage so if you forget your SD card you can still be able to record videos which is a huge game changer huge Life Saver in terms of price point this camera comes in at $350 brand new I've actually seen some deals for it even less so I'll leave links in the description to this camera and all the gear mentioned in this video down below for you to check out now there's one more camera that I recommend if you are looking for a travel or for a vlogging camera and that is the osmo pocket 3 and this camera is is crazy popular and really it boil down to its unique gimbal design so because of this built-in gimbal design it's going to counteract any of your shakes you might have when you're filming with it and give your footage a nice cinematic feel so this not only is going to look great if you are filming yourself but if you're filming your environment the things around you it just opens up the door to get a lot of creative and smooth angles that you wouldn't be able to do with a traditional camera now recently I did a video where I compared the action 5 Pro to the pocket 3 and really the difference between these two guys is the image quality they just look a little bit different and that's thanks to the pocket 3 larger sensor which is going to give you a little bit blurrier of a background I find this to be most notable if I am filming myself it kind of creates a nice blurred background to my videos and helps separate you from your background I think that gives it a nice professional look to your videos whereas in comparison to an action cam it kind of has that traditional GoPro look maybe it's a little bit oversharpened the pocket 3 definitely has a noticeable Improvement in terms of image quality so yes the pocket 3 has great image quality but it's also really easy to use DJI has great menus that is very intuitive even if you are a beginner you're able to adjust settings quickly and perhaps one of my favorite features that both the pocket 3 and the action 5 Pro have is ability to connect wireless microphones to the cameras so both of these cameras have a built-in receiver so all you got to do is buy a little DJI mic transmitter either the DJI Mike 2 or the DJI mik mini and you can connect up to two different microphones to either of these cameras so if you had one for you one for your guest that is a great and so easy way to get great audio for your video in terms of price point the DJI pocket 3 cost $520 you could spend a little bit more money if you want to get the Creator combo which comes with accessories like the D mic 2 and also tripods and little things that really make this a more well-rounded kit that cost around $670 so a little bit more expensive than the action 5 Pro but I do think both of these cameras make fantastic travel SL Vlog cameras moving on to the next category we're going to be discussing some entrylevel mirrorless cameras and I kind of decided to keep the price point under $1,000 for this category the mirrorless camera that I recommend for someone who is looking to start making content maybe this is their first mirrorless camera it is the Sony zv E10 and this camera checks off a lot of the boxes we have been recommending this for years here at think media and there is good reason why number one it has the ability to shoot 4K videos so you're going to get a really sharp looking image it has a very large sensor which is going to be helpful if you are trying to get a blurry background in your videos or when you are shooting in lower light condition this camera also has a flipout screen which is incredibly useful if you are filming yourself you can see what your settings are and actually see if you're in frame so definitely recommended to have a flip out screen and the third feature that makes this a great camera if you're filming videos of yourself is autofocus having a camera that has good and reliable autofocus performance is going to actually save you a lot of time and headaches like I mentioned earlier this camera is a few years old and that has some pros and cons number one is that there are more cameras out there that have better looking colors when it comes to shooting video this camera is limited to what we call 8 bit video which means you don't have a lot of flexibility if you are going to be color grading your videos this camera also has the older style of Sony menus which can be a little bit confusing especially if you are a beginner it's hard to follow along but the benefits of it being an older camera means that you can actually find this camera for an absolute bargain new this camera costs around $600 to $700 depending on when you buy it so this is a great option if you are starting out and you don't need all the bells and whistles this camera is going to get you started and you're able to make great looking videos now if you have a little bit more money to invest into a camera and want a few more upgrades when it comes to better looking videos then I would recommend the Sony Z10 Mark I now these cameras of course are quite similar but where the zve E10 Mark I shines is is its ability to shoot 10bit video Simply put 10bit means that you have more information to really color grade your videos and get it exactly where you want it this is definitely going to be a lot easier than trying to do it with an 8bit video like on the zb1 also note that the colors on the zv1 Mark II look a little bit better in my opinion even if you decide not to color grade your videos and that's thanks to its upgraded sensor this camera shares the exact same sensor that's found in some of Sony's other camera like the a6700 and the fx30 both of which have great looking video quality and you're getting the exact same look in this camera so we talked about a lot of different improvements from the zv1 to the Mark I there is one potential downside with this camera and that is overheating regarding overheating internal temperature too high the camera overheated every 20 to 25 minutes so I've noticed when I personally use this camera that it just runs a bit hotter than compared to the Mark 1 especially if you're shooting a long time or if you're filming Outdoors on a really sunny day it just feels much warmer and the risk of overheating is that the camera could potentially stop recording and shut off when you don't want it to now that sounds a little bit scary to you do keep in mind the only time I've really ever had it overheat was when I was shooting 4K 60 for an hour long and really I don't find myself using a camera like that that being said though if you do want to make sure that overheating is not an issue there are some things you can do to improve that so it's less likely to happen the first of which is you can actually buy a cooling fan this one is made by ulanzi and actually will just kind of springload onto the back of the camera and you can charge this off of USBC and this will cool down your camera so if you happen to be using it in very long recording sessions this could be a nice little upgrade to make sure that your camera is nice and cool and I get that this may not be the best solution for you but if you want to have the reassurance and the Peace of Mind of having a camera and not having that overheating concern then take a look at this next camera the Sony fx30 is pretty much the same camera as the zv E10 Mark 2 in terms of video quality where it differs is in its body design the body has a much more rugged metal design and even has a built-in fan to make sure the camera stays nice and cool and this will give you the piece of mind that you can really record hours at a time and never have the camera overheat on you that camera also has more professional accessories like the XLR top handle that you can screw on to the fx30 and having this mounted onto your camera not only provides a nice grip to hold your camera but also two XLR inputs this will allow you to plug in professional XLR microphones straight into your camera that way your video and audio is perfectly in sync and this really makes it a nice kit to have if you are shooting both video and are concerned about having great audio another reason why you might want to choose the fx30 or even the a6700 over the zv1 Mark I is it has an inbody image stabilization so if you film a lot of handheld or vlogging yourself this will help counteract those shakes as well and give you a smoother shot and actually find Ibis to be incredibly useful cuz even if you are hand Health on these really lightweight cameras you'll get a lot of different shakes and just doesn't look good now these additional features will cost you it is $1,800 for just the body of the fx30 which is a significant jump from the zb1 and the zb1 Mark I so it does have to definitely be worth it to you if you want that peace of mind honestly I wish that the zv1 Mark II had this embody image stabilization so that's another reason why you might want the fx30 so far the miros cameras that we mentioned are apsc side sensors which can be really nice if you are looking for some affordable lenses however if you do want to take your image quality to the next level then you really want to look out for fullframe cameras a full-frame sensor is going to let in more light into your camera and that is going to be better for low light performance and give you an even shallower depth of feeli making your background a bit more blurry so that brings me to my first fullframe recommendation and that is the Sony zv E1 so the E1 is kind of like the zv E10 although it has a full-frame sensor another thing that the zv1 has over the zv1 and Mark I is the fact that it does have imbody image stabilization and this is so worth it in my opinion because even if you're filming yourself or even filming handheld is going to be much more usable to use and more stable now one of the reasons why I decided to use the zv1 is the fact that it actually shares the same sensor as the A7 S3 and the fx3 I've used the Sony A7 S3 from when it first first came out and I'm actually shooting this video with the A7 S3 so you can kind of Judge the image quality and I really just like the way this video looks it has a nice organic feel where it doesn't feel oversharpened in a way and these cameras can also shoot 10 bits so you can do a lot of different color grading and really get a great looking image in fact I've used the A7 S3 for a bunch of different projects not just YouTube I used it to shoot documentaries music videos short films weddings and it works for every single one one of those really well and that transfers into the zv1 but in a much simpler content creation friendly design so in many ways the E1 is just as good as my as sms3 or even better but it's also a fraction of the price this camera new cost 2200 for the body only and that's significantly cheaper than the $3500 that the A7 S3 cost me overall I think the Sony zv1 is such an underrated camera thanks to its good price to Performance ratio it's just a great bang for your buck but if you're looking for the best of the best full-frame camera for shooting YouTube videos then let me introduce you to the Sony fx3 the fx3 is going to stand out in the same way that the fx30 does it has a much more professional build design it has an internal fan and also has the ability and includes the XLR top handle which can be so great if you are doing podcasts talking head videos anytime when you want to plug in and a professional XLR microphone and if you need more reassurance of the image quality of the fx3 the movie The Creator was shot largely with the Sony fx3 because it is such a small camera has great lowlight performance and really is a testament to the professionalism of that camera now of course the fx3 is going to cost a pretty penny at $3,900 brand new again that's pretty significant from the zv1 which again shares the exact same image quality just in a different body with a few different menu changes honestly this Sony fx3 is one of the best cameras you can buy if you are taking your content creation very seriously now I do want to mention that all these cameras I am focused on video but if you're someone who does both photography or video we call that like a hybrid shooter then I would look at the Sony A7 C2 it's very similar in terms of the compactness of the zv E1 but you get things like a viewfinder for shooting Outdoors framing up your shot and is much more catered For doing both photo as it has a higher resolution sensor all right so we covered a lot of different cameras and you still might be wondering what is the best camera for your specific needs well if you are someone who is traveling and maybe has a little bit of money I would say the pocket 3 is definitely a great camera you can just do so much with it and be very creative thanks to its gimbal design now if you're someone who wants a more simple camera maybe not too familiar with how to shoot video and just want something very easy to use the action 5 Pro honestly has surprised me a lot it's just so easy to use and you get a great looking shot and it only costs $350 if you're someone who does more talking head videos or podcast the Sony zv E10 is such a great camera you can use it as a webcam for your computer by picking up an HDMI capture card this camera is going to get you started and you're able to make great looking videos now if you do exactly the same thing but you just want a little bit better image quality and the ability to color grade the Sony Z10 Mark I is great because it only costs a couple hundred extra and you get much more features but if you really need a true Workhorse of a camera I highly recommend stepping up to the fx30 with its professional build the internal fan and that inbody image stabilization but if you're like me and you shoot a lot of YouTube videos either in your room or in your studio or even vlogging then the zv1 is such a great value it has such great image quality and the fact that it only costs $2,200 new I think is worth it of course if you just got money to burn and you're looking for the best of the best of course the fx3 is going to be the camera for you but I will mention though just to caveat this if you are looking for a camera in 20125 there could be some cameras that Sony May release and if you are looking to invest a lot in a camera it could be worth just waiting out on what Sony has next but until then these are some of the best YouTube cameras you can buy if you want to get started making content this year let me know in the comments down below which camera you would pick up and why and if you are on a budget let's say you only have $300 to spend on a camera then be sure to check out this video where I show five different cameras under $300 I think that video will be definitely valuable to you

  Top Comments:
  1. @ThinkMediaTV [23 likes]: Which camera would you buy and why? Let us know below! ⬇
📸 Check out the complete list of cameras here on Amazon 👉 https://amzn.to/3CA1FJ5
🎯 Get Your First 1K Subs & Earn Your First $1K on YouTube with this FREE Challenge here! 👉 https://geni.us/zBYxN
  2. @homeschoolnation [19 likes]: 7:31 sighs and checks comments
  3. @rul1175 [1 likes]: Can I use the Gameboy camera?
  4. @johnbrown1705 [1 likes]: i use my samsung galaxy A55 for content creation (short funny stories) for youtube instagram and tiktok & streaming games with webcam for twitch and kick! it's pretty good! BUT... it's not the best! if one day i make money from my channels, i would definitely buy Sony FX3! i need the best quality because i already have good camera with my smartphone! specially i shoot more in the house!
  5. @munirone: This channel has become a factory for making commercials for gear. No education, no advice, just sales pitches masquerading as advice
  6. @burntpoet199: When the “cheap” option starts at $350, gotta look elsewhere. Dayum!
  7. @heavensknightyt5528: I want something around 100 because this might be a failure so spending 4-500 dollars on something that wont generate me money is alot
  8. @MerptheGM: Uhm where’s the “cheap” ones
  9. @249peace: I want to create content in the field of social entrepreneurship and humanitarian work and reflect to the world the suffering of those affected by wars in Africa. Can you support me with some equipment and resources?
  10. @youngproductions1401: A camera I don't see being recommended for both photos and shooting content for YouTube, Instagram etc.. is the lumix g100 $500 for 4k30 videos. incredible results for the price point. clearly not as capable as a 1k or 2k camera but for a beginner especially myself kinda calling myself out but if i shoot with a 2k camera vs $500 I'm not going to see very much of a difference lol.
  11. @MoreMiles81: We use 3 X Canon C400 for our broadcasts at Novara Media 🤷🏻
  12. @skeller61: 4:04 It looks like the Pocket 3 (on the right) is using a bigger aperture and the closer close up has your face filling the frame, which might cause the autofocus to work better. Hence, the Pocket 3 has more blurred background than the Action 5 Pro. All these factors make it harder to compare the two cameras. Cheers🍺!
  13. @Gisha-256: Prepping for 2026 , if you’re here hiii
  14. @rul1175: I was expexting something for $9.99
  15. @drumskas: Great video man, I havent finished watching and I'm already learning. Very easy to understand in the way you explain.
  16. @KALANABANDARA561: I would bye the action 5 pro
  17. @thefinest3k318: And wich one did you use to record ?
  18. @wouldyouratherSAQ: Stfu don’t watch this. It ain’t affordable
  19. @DanielKimLV: what would you recommend for for filming house tour videos? It needs wider shot.
  20. @Neji.Hyuuga: Almost 700 dollars is a "bargain"? For real?

- The Affordable Camera to make ANY video CINEMATIC: Kind: captions Language: en I told myself that I would never make a video like this, but here it is. [music] Now, I think the reason I don't want to make a video like this because I think all of the gear that I use is very beginnerfriendly. Uh, it's not really high tech. It's not fancy. It's not very cinematic and it's very budget friendly. The best thing, too, is that all of my gear fits in this little bag. The camera I'm using to film right now is the same camera I've been using for about 6 years now. And I got it because it was affordable and I didn't have a lot of money and I wanted to shoot weddings. But I've used the same gear from client work to now making YouTube videos and making my frames very cinematic. So today I'm just going to break down everything I use to make my videos. Starting with the lenses. So the lens you're seeing right now is filmed on a Tamron 24 to 70. Now most filmmakers use the [music] G Master 24 to 70 which is essentially the same thing as this. Now, I think something that's important when I say budget friendly, it it's all relative to the niche that we're in. And the fact that we're in film making, it means that yeah, gear is still going to be expensive, but the stuff that I use is on the lower end of the spectrum when it comes to to price. So, I have the Tamron 24 to 70 and I saved like 600 700 bucks getting that instead of the Sony G Master and you can't even tell. Now, on top of that, I also have a wide lens which is an autofocus 20 with a 2.8 a aperture and this is by Viltrox which I think is like 150 bucks. Now on top of that, one of the most important things to making your shots look beautiful is shallow depth of field while not overexposing. And the way that I do that is by using ND [music] filters. Now there are very expensive ND filters and there are very affordable ND filters. To this day I don't really know the difference between a $180 ND filter and a $30 to $40 ND filter. I have the KF Concept Nano B series variable ND filters on all of my lenses. Now, essentially ND filters just work like sunglasses that you can make the the frame look darker. I can just show you right now. So, it's just a filter over top of your camera and essentially you just make it darker without changing your aperture. Now, this is very important to use when you are [music] filming outside because without it, it will look very bright. it will be overexposed and you won't be able to get that cinematic shallow depth of field that most people want. When it comes to editing, I edit all of my footage in Premiere Pro and then I export it through an XML into Da Vinci and that's where I color grade. All of my footage is color graded with my one-click color grade. It genuinely takes my footage, I apply it, and [music] it color grades it with just one click. It looks very cinematic. It looks very beautiful. You can check it out. It's linked in the description below. So, a lot of people are very curious about what [music] camera I use. And let me just tell you, I do not use the Sony FX3. I don't use the Sony FX30. I don't use any cinema [music] camera. In fact, I use a Sony A7S3. Now, I've done all the research, and you guys can correct me if I'm wrong, but there's no difference in the video between the Sony FX3 and the Sony A7S3. Now, the FX3 is built a little bit differently. [music] Doesn't have a viewfinder where my Sony A7S3 actually does have a viewfinder. So, I actually bought this camera to take photos um like 5 or 6 years ago, and I used it purely as a photo camera. Now, I got really lucky because when I got it, it was like it was like $2,000 cheaper than the FX3. Now, I think a lot more people are realizing that the Sony A7S3 produces the same sort of quality that the FX3 does. So now [music] more people are getting it and it might be jacking the price up a little bit. Now I actually just bought my first camera in 5 years or my first new [music] camera in 5 years and that is the ZV10 model 2. Now the reason I got this is because of how small it is. My hand is literally bigger than it. Um it'll be able to fit in my pocket. And the reason I got this is because I can shoot in Sony SLOG. I can shoot in a log profile and I can just kind of carry it around and film while I'm moving. So, yeah, I'm excited for this because it'll be a lot more run and gun. Uh, all the lenses that work for my Sony A7S3 work for this guy. So, yeah, I'm kind of not [music] going to upgrade any of my lenses or anything. I just pretty much got a smaller body so that I can use it [music] in more runto situations. My camera settings are pretty simple. I shoot in 24 frames per second for most of my shots. I [music] film in Sony Slog 3, picture profile 8. I just overexpose by 0.7 or 1.5, anywhere between that range. For lighting, I have the Zion. Okay, I just double checked my lighting. So, I just have one soft box. It is the Zion Mus G300. they sent it to me, so I don't actually know if it's super affordable or not. But yeah, I just use one softbox, one light for pretty much all of my scenes. The way that I use it is I don't really blast it. I try to get as close as possible so that the light is very soft. And I only really use it between power 1 and like 10. So when I am filming outside and I want to get like the ambience and the natural sound, I do use the Kamika VM30. So it's a shotgun mic. I just put it on top of my camera like so. [music] And I just kind of let it run. I don't really use any gain, so it's usually set to about [music] one or two just so it sounds very natural and it doesn't peak the audio. So yeah, that's the gear that I use. So in summary, I shoot with a Sony A7S3. I use the Tamron 24 to 70. Uh I use the Kamaka mic. I have a few extra lenses, the Viltrox 20 over 2.8, 8 which I got for like 150. I have a MacBook Pro. I edit in Premiere Pro. I use Da Vinci to color grade with my oneclick color grade. And other than that, that is pretty much it. So, hope you guys enjoyed. Hopefully that was informative. And now you can stop asking me what camera I

  Top Comments:
  1. @AndrewPaul1 [87 likes]: If I were to start again right now - I would buy the last camera I talk about and the Tamron lens - I feel like this is a diverse, budget friendly, pretty powerful camera that is quite affordable for what you're getting!
  2. @kumiho1729 [8 likes]: @2:55
sony a7s3

really made us work to get that info
  3. @GianPieroAkira [1 likes]: Finally a creator i can relate to. No fancy gears just pure skills and talent. Subbed.
  4. @DeerMountain83 [1 likes]: What camera do you use?
  5. @yuriblasak: Bro im so broke i can only affort like the nd filter🥲🥲
  6. @4dmbrown: Shallow depth of field is YouTube, not cinema. Cinema usually has a very deep DOF. It's only since Netflix that everyone has become obsessed with a shallow DOF.
  7. @Ndo_sanz: your link doesnt work for the One Click Color Grade
  8. @itzjustjuice: Bro charging $60 for a color grade lmao crazy
  9. @ImismyWIFE: $4000? dude this camera cost 14k in my country which is 8 months of salary working in mc donalds without spending 1 cent
  10. @beatsbycapone: Lord help me. I dont know how I will do it, but I know you will do it for me.
  11. @mauriciolee7349: Thank Andrew for this HELPFUL video about gear. I love the color of your video.
  12. @MatthewHicks-ry4mj: Lol 300k subscribers later...yeah, no one cares😂 You've clearly done well enough brother
  13. @grabedigger: People in this comment section are as dumb as a rock, the Sony A7SIII when it came out costed around 2k, now they're asking 4k for used ones because hold and behold, people figured out it is pretty much a FX3 which costs in the ballpark of 5K. In Europe some A7S III sites still show up with 2600€, 6 years ago it was $2800 and in Europe everything is taxed to high heavens, so the US price was $1999. 
I've replied this, but the A7SIII costing 4k is the same reason why the the 18 year old Nikon D700 price is surging, it's fashion, someone said on instagram it "has something special" and everybody goes to buy these cameras like sheep. I bet I could sell my D700 for $800 right now in its near mint condition, an 18 year old camera. 
So Andrew's kit it hella cheap if taken for face value back in the day, he was shooting weddings and wedding if well priced can pretty much pay for the camera itself. Also the lens is cheap, for a 28-75 2.8, the Sony, Canon and Nikon versions will land you a slap in the face at around $2500, even the Canon EF versions won't go under 1000€. 
If the price you pay is an investment, will generate returns and pay itself, then this kit is cheap.
  14. @melegolaz8224: is that your budget camera budd,wtff youtube
  15. @AREA7011MUSIC: Man I needed this
  16. @totalmetalrejection6435: Hey awesome video question what camera bag is that ?
  17. @OverPoweredInvesting: Why Do u need ND filter when u are shooting inside?
  18. @conorsplanet: what camera do you use?
  19. @barcostudio: yo homie, what are your thoughts on the leica d lux 8. I know its not meant specifically for video but I like how easy it is to use!
  20. @insAneTunA: Oh come on, affordable? That is very misleading. The A7SIII is a €4000,- camera just for the body, and even second hand they go for €3000,-. I would not put that in the affordable range. 👎 However a ZV-E10II kit is available for less than €1000,- so that is doable.

- What to do if your inner voice is cruel | Ethan Kross for Big Think+: Kind: captions Language: en - I think chatter is one of the big problems we face as a species. We spend between one-third and one-half of our waking hours not living in the present. And what do we do during that time? We're talking to ourselves. Your inner voice is your ability to silently use language to reflect on your life. Chatter refers to the dark side of the inner voice. When we turn our attention inward to make sense of our problems, we don't end up finding solutions. We end up ruminating, worrying, catastrophizing. We get stuck in a negative cycle that takes this remarkable tool that we possess, this inner voice, and it turns it into a curse rather than a blessing. My name's Ethan Kross, I'm a professor of psychology and management, and I'm the author of the book, "Chatter: The Voice in Our Head, Why It Matters, and How to Harness It." In terms of whether there's an evolutionary purpose to the inner voice, many scientists believe that language is a tool that helps us navigate the world, and our ability to use language not only to communicate with others, but to communicate with ourselves, provides us with a survival advantage. It's an incredible problem-solving device. At the most basic end of the spectrum, our inner voice is part of what we call our 'Verbal Working Memory System.' It's a basic feature of the human mind that helps us keep verbal information active in our heads. Our inner voice also lets us simulate and plan. So before a big presentation, I'll go over in my head what I'm gonna say, what are the different talking points that I'm gonna run through- I'll hear what questions the audience is gonna ask me, and then I'll respond in turn. I'm simulating that exchange, and I'm using my inner voice to help me do that. Our inner voice helps us control ourselves. Think about the last time you may have wanted to reach for a treat late at night, but then you think to yourself, "Don't do it, you'll regret it in the morning." That's your inner voice. And then finally, the inner voice helps us 'storify' our lives. Many of us turn our attention inward to come up with some narrative that explains our experiences in ways that give shape to our understanding of who we are, our identity. So sometimes this inner voice can be an incredible source of help, but at other times it can really sink us. First, it makes it incredibly hard for us to focus. Chatter consumes our attention. Chatter can also create friction in your relationships because you're talking about your problems over and over again, and not being a great listener to others. It can also make us more irritable, and lead to something called 'displaced aggression.' Finally, we know that chatter can have severe, negative, physical health effects. You've probably heard that stress kills- that's not exactly true. A stress response is a really adaptive response. What makes stress toxic is when it remains chronically-elevated over time. This is precisely what chatter does. We experience a stressor in our life, it then ends, but in our minds our chatter perpetuates it. We keep thinking about that event over and over and over again. And that keeps that stress response active in ways that can predict things like cardiovascular disease, chronic inflammation, and even cancer. It's hard to overstate how negative the implications of chatter can be. The good news is there is a science-based toolkit that you can use to regain control of your inner voice. There are things we can do on our own, ways of harnessing our relationships with other people, and even ways of interacting with physical environments. One really great example of these tools are rituals. We love having control. When you experience chatter, you often feel like your thoughts are in control of you. One of the things that we've learned through science is that we can compensate for this feeling out of control by creating order around us- rituals are one way to do that. A ritual is an ordered sequence of behaviors that you rigidly perform the same way each time by engaging the same sequence of behaviors every time the same way. That's giving you a sense of order and control. That can feel really good when you're mired in chatter. The tennis great, Rafael Nadal, he said the hardest thing that he struggles to do on the tennis court is manage the voices inside his head. He engages in rituals. During breaks between play he goes over to his bench. First, he takes a sip out of one water bottle. Then he takes a sip out of another. Then he puts each water bottle back exactly where he picked them up from on a diagonal to the court. It's a ritual he does to manage his chatter. There are no individual tools that work for all people in all situations to help manage your chatter. Instead, the real challenge is to figure out what are the unique combinations of tools that work best for you? Are you weaker for experiencing chatter? Absolutely not. You are human for experiencing chatter, so welcome to the human condition.

  Top Comments:
  1. @bigthink [2500 likes]: Do you have any advice for managing chatter?
  2. @chrisburnell8591 [1 likes]: The voice in my head is like an automated computer message saying get shot get burnt etc. And then i say a prayer. I honestly believe its a form of technological harassment via V2k  but i cant prove it so i just live with it. Definatly an intelligence behind it knowing what language i understand and again its always one word taunts of negativity. God is there for us. Say a prayer for lost souls so miserable in there lives they have to try to ruin someone elses.
  3. @LMamone: this too shall pass
  4. @Bysatie: I just posted a video that exemplifies everything this video is talking about… but in the form of a short story.
In my case, not doing what I feel called to do is what made my inner voice so strong. I had no leverage against “her” as long as I was procrastinating or distracting myself from what actually matters to me. 

So as I was making the video, I experienced my ability to handle “her” shifting. I actually didn’t know how to write the “climax” of the video—the moment where I confront her—until I was far into the making of the video (it’s not a linear process, I can tell you that). 

Many aspects of this process helped me tame that voice (beyond just stepping out of procrastination):
- creating. I strongly believe creating has therapeutic benefits.
- introspection. Looking inside and facing what’s there, acknowledging it.
- dissociation. Personifying the inner voice (and even my own character) allowed me to take a few steps back, to distance myself from it.
- manifestation. Probably not everyone’s cup of tea, but I approach my creations as spells.
- sharing. By doing this, I let others see what’s going on inside. It opens to conversations and demystifies the inner voice.
  5. @dirtiestharry6551: You have problem with toxic cruel inner voice, I have problem with toxic positivity enabler inner voice, we are not the same lol
  6. @Tjskeioeejdi: My inner voice has made me go crazy
  7. @247Empowerment: Definitely gives me a lot to think about 🤔
  8. @caroljahnke8263: Interesting
  9. @Chris-yf2zs: 3:25 stress is adaptive response

5:00 Rituals as antidote for stress and vicious chatter
  10. @sid6076: My inner head always beats me up and breaks my heart and makes me want to hide behind a smile
  11. @davecullins1606: I was ironically the one being mean to the inner voice. He didn't even fight back, just kept crying or giving some other form of sad response. Today our relationship is great, as I stopped treating him badly a long time ago, and life's also been better since - now I just feel like I have a dear friend next to me all the time
  12. @CaraMarie13: We need to start talking to our inner self like we talk to a friend with love who is saying dumb shit. I have a name for my inner voice so that I can put some degrees of separation from it. I used to have bad anxiety and it wasn't until therapy helped me realize that those voices were just thoughts and I didn't have to follow it wherever it wanted to lead me. I also learned i could just ignore my inner voice hem it's being dumb.
  13. @Al.r.d.8: Because there's no black people in Norway. 😓
  14. @DrStrange-k9t: Just do breath meditation it's a an best medicine 💊💉
  15. @jumpupdown2556: Unfortunately that voice causes visible emotional reaction that is unable to be ignored or covered up. It makes me so fuckin tense and fills me with impotent rage all the time. No matter how much I "just breathe" or "just journal" it NEVER FUCKIN STOPS. It will never stop telling myself about my humiliating past and how much less of a man I am than others. No matter what I do it I cannot get over that cringe feeling that comes up when I try to "just be nice" to myself. They are nonstop.
  16. @bobbywright5505: My inner voice is very critical, but also doesn’t speak English; so I pretend to understand but have no idea what’s going on.
  17. @Simontolivar: Gratitude & positive feedback in me is like a dung beetle pushing against a D9 bulldozer.( Old tapes/narrative memory).
  18. @OakSquatch: I’m way way way too hard on myself. I grew up homeschooled, dirt poor, no electricity or running water, in a dirt farm and I was not allowed to rest. I worked every single day of my childhood and internalized the concept that I will never be enough, because as a middle chile of 6 siblings, I needed to absolutely EXEPTIONAL in order to get praised and seen by my parents. I grind way too hard, I am completely isolated and suffer from extreme depression. My inner dialog is like a hard code Asian parent, always telling me I’m not enough. It’s so painful, and when I sit down, I feel like a failure, becasue I wasn’t allowed to sit down during my childhood.
  19. @ohnoohyeah3205: My inner voice is the single biggest piece of sh-t that I know.
  20. @mats_psf: Guys I just ordered this book, I'll be back after I finish it and share how it went

- Eliminating a Monotone Voice | Raise Your Voice Coaching: Kind: captions Language: en so I ask you what does your voice tell people about you in that moment of communication with another person what is the tone of your voice saying well scientists say that the tone of our voice accounts for 38% of the impression we're making when we're in communication if you were to meet someone right now and you really excited to talk to the person your voice would sound really vibrant really alive but if you met someone and you really weren't in the mood to chat your voice is going to slip into a monotone because a monotone voice blocks out communication well here's a little exercise you can do to bust out of a monotone and increase your range this exercise is called a slide so we're going to imagine that your whole body is a slide and we're going to take the word hey and I'm going to slide it down my body here's how it goes hey hey and we'll go from bottom of the slide to the top hey and we'll try it again hey hey good now let's replace the word with some numbers 1 2 3 4 5 5 4 3 2 1 1 2 3 4 5 5 4 3 2 1 and now let's go 1 3 5 1 3 five 5 3 1 just play around so that your voice starts to move and it and it starts to get more interesting to listen to a little more range you know most humans will talk around the same one two notes all of the time yet our speaking voice has 30 notes in its range to play around with so now let's try a sentence let's use the sentence by Shakespeare to or not to be that is the question and first say it in a monotone voice to be now let's bust out of that and we'll we'll play around with our range to be or not to be that is the question play around a little more to be or not to be that is the question to be or not to be that is the question of course we want to sound natural we don't want to sound fake when we're in real communication so keep in mind this is an exercise you're going to do at home if you have any questions please don't hesitate to reach out it's Kathy with a c at raisey yourvoice coaching.com

  Top Comments:
  1. @Fighka303 [2 likes]: it might be my autism
  2. @Victorian_specter [2 likes]: How is this gonna help me make a marvel rivals guide?
  3. @LoriSuitt [1 likes]: Wow...as an Autistic person who struggles with a monotone voice naturally, this video seems so ODD and actually quite difficult to get my voice to DO.  But, hopefully with enough practice, I can do it.
  4. @johnivy619: I’m here because my broker said I’m too monotone during calls. Why are y’all here?
  5. @1holli_u: im in this weird position where I do appear to be sounding really nice and attractive towards a majority of woman I've talked to, but I still sound like a robot at my work and I can't seem to differentiate it 😭
  6. @thegardener3650: This is what to do at home. How to fix this in the moment when speaking with someone not at home?
  7. @Fourismyluckynumber: I'm the exact opposite, talking in monotone is really hard... I'm doing this for exactly the opposite reasons
  8. @Corazon_sz: My prof told me that i sound like a robot..😢
  9. @ericahjce8227: I need that
  10. @TrashCountryMapping: i have a deep, montone, awkward voice along with stuttering... im cooked 😭
  11. @vibeyvibesvibing: HEEEeeeyyyyyy heeeEEEYYYYYY
  12. @mspaintsmileyface: but i want a monotone voice
  13. @JoeyFergusonDSGB1: Coming from someone with a monotone voice,that would make me feel more awkward saying things on a slide Lol
  14. @madgamer125: I hate myself for my monotone voice, people i meet think im negative and dont want to be around me, this life is agonizing
  15. @ryowastaken: "raise your yayaya" if yk yk
  16. @nikyabodigital: English is my third language and i wonder why I sound so monotonous!!
  17. @lifeisgood070: I've lost 80% of my vocal range through jujitsu and getting tendons in my neck snapped. I have about 7 notes and I finally started to realize it
  18. @LonzoTheWeekendWeeb: LETS GO GUYS WE GOT THIS
  19. @Ferrell-ft9hy: It means the noun is being replaced
  20. @wanattasuksa-nguansiri1218: Thanks

- How To Eliminate Microphone Feedback | 5 Must-Know Tips: Kind: captions Language: en Few things are capable of ruining a&nbsp; live performance like the screeching&nbsp;&nbsp; sound of microphone feedback.&nbsp; In this video, I'm teaching&nbsp;&nbsp; you a five-step process to eliminate&nbsp; microphone feedback before it happens,&nbsp;&nbsp; but if this is our first time meeting my&nbsp; name is Kyle. Welcome to Audio University. Anytime there's a microphone sending signal to a&nbsp; speaker in the same room, there's a chance that&nbsp;&nbsp; a feedback loop will be created. The signal can&nbsp; only be amplified up to a certain point before&nbsp;&nbsp; feedback will occur. The microphone signal is&nbsp; amplified through the speaker then the sound from&nbsp;&nbsp; the speaker is picked up by the microphone&nbsp; and amplified through the speaker again.&nbsp;&nbsp; Imagine a vocalist singing into a microphone&nbsp; on stage. The point at which the sound from&nbsp;&nbsp; the speaker becomes louder at the microphone than&nbsp; the sound from the vocalist, feedback will occur.&nbsp;&nbsp; The amount of amplification that's allowed&nbsp; before this point is called the maximum&nbsp;&nbsp; gain before feedback and by&nbsp; following these five steps,&nbsp;&nbsp; you'll drastically increase the maximum&nbsp; gain before feedback of your system. The most effective way to increase your system's&nbsp; maximum gain before feedback is to provide&nbsp;&nbsp; more space between the microphone and the&nbsp; speaker. The main speakers are the speakers&nbsp;&nbsp; that point toward the audience. It's best to&nbsp; get as much distance as possible between the&nbsp;&nbsp; microphones on stage and the main speakers. This&nbsp; will allow the sound to attenuate so much that&nbsp;&nbsp; it won't cause a feedback loop by&nbsp; the time it reaches the microphone.&nbsp;&nbsp; Stage monitors are the speakers on stage pointing&nbsp; toward the musicians. The signal from a microphone&nbsp;&nbsp; will be sent to probably a monitor wedge that will&nbsp; allow the vocalist to hear his or herself sing.&nbsp;&nbsp; It would be counterproductive to put the stage&nbsp; monitors as far away from the microphone as&nbsp;&nbsp; possible because the vocalist is right next to&nbsp; the microphone and that would just mean that&nbsp;&nbsp; the speaker has to be turned up more. Instead&nbsp; try to get the speaker as close to the vocalist&nbsp;&nbsp; and as on axis with the vocalist as possible so&nbsp; that less amplification is required. Remember that&nbsp;&nbsp; the closer a speaker is to the listener, the&nbsp; quieter it can be. That's why IEMs (or in-ear&nbsp;&nbsp; monitors) are so useful for live sound production&nbsp; because they can be inside the musician's ears&nbsp;&nbsp; and, therefore, can be extremely quiet while still&nbsp; providing adequate level to the person listening.&nbsp;&nbsp; Not only that, but if you can convince musicians&nbsp; to use in-ear monitors it will quiet down the&nbsp;&nbsp; level on stage which will probably lead to a&nbsp; cleaner, easier-to-mix front of house experience. Using directional microphones and speakers&nbsp; is another way to increase your system's&nbsp;&nbsp; maximum gain before feedback. This will&nbsp; allow the speakers and microphones to be&nbsp;&nbsp; in closer proximity to one another&nbsp; without causing a feedback loop.&nbsp;&nbsp; The most common polar pattern for microphones in&nbsp; live sound reinforcement is cardioid. One reason&nbsp;&nbsp; cardioid mics are so popular in live sound&nbsp; is that they reject the sound coming from the&nbsp;&nbsp; speakers and therefore increase the maximum gain&nbsp; before feedback of the system. When placing the&nbsp;&nbsp; microphones on stage, consider the microphone's&nbsp; polar pattern. This graph shows that cardioid mics&nbsp;&nbsp; reject sound best from the rear. If a microphone&nbsp; has a cardioid pattern such as the Shure SM58,&nbsp;&nbsp; in theory you should place it so that the&nbsp; rear rejection point faces toward the speaker. Depending on the size of the stage, the&nbsp; spacing between the microphones and speakers,&nbsp;&nbsp; and the types of microphones&nbsp; and speakers you're using,&nbsp;&nbsp; certain frequencies will tend to feedback&nbsp; sooner than others. For each instrument,&nbsp;&nbsp; set a high pass filter as high as you can&nbsp; without affecting the instrument's sound.&nbsp;&nbsp; To learn more about high pass filters, how to use&nbsp; them, and how they work you can watch this video.&nbsp;&nbsp; Ringing out speakers is the process of finding and&nbsp; eliminating feedback with EQ. Using an equalizer,&nbsp;&nbsp; you can eliminate the first frequencies that feed&nbsp; back without affecting the other frequencies.&nbsp;&nbsp; A graphic equalizer is a great tool for working&nbsp; quickly. It's important to understand that less&nbsp;&nbsp; is more during this process. If you follow these&nbsp; steps, you'll make sure that you're not doing more&nbsp;&nbsp; harm than good. First ensure that the vocal&nbsp; microphone preamp is set as low as possible.&nbsp;&nbsp; Next send the vocal microphone to&nbsp; the nearest monitor at unity gain.&nbsp;&nbsp; This means that the auxiliary send&nbsp; to the monitor is set to 0 dB.&nbsp;&nbsp; Start to bring up the microphone preamp slowly.&nbsp; When you hear a frequency starting to feedback,&nbsp;&nbsp; reduce that frequency by 6 dB on the graphic EQ.&nbsp; Repeat this process for the next four frequencies&nbsp;&nbsp; that feedback. Then do the same thing but only&nbsp; reduce the next few frequencies by 3 dB. After&nbsp;&nbsp; you've found about six frequencies, reduce the&nbsp; microphone preamp gain by 6 dB and speak into the&nbsp;&nbsp; microphone to determine if the microphone is loud&nbsp; enough without feeding back. It's really important&nbsp;&nbsp; that you don't overdo this. If you find yourself&nbsp; removing seven, eight, or more frequencies,&nbsp;&nbsp; you're effectively just turning everything down&nbsp; and degrading the frequency balance of the signal.&nbsp;&nbsp; Instead, reduce fewer frequencies with the EQ and&nbsp; just reduce the preamp gain you're applying to the&nbsp;&nbsp; signal. That will usually yield better results for&nbsp; both you mixing and for the musicians on stage. In a recording studio you sometimes set&nbsp; the preamp gain before anything else,&nbsp;&nbsp; but while mixing monitors I prefer to use as&nbsp; little preamp gain as possible. To accomplish&nbsp;&nbsp; this, I recommend setting all auxiliary master&nbsp; faders to unity or 0 dB. In general, each musician&nbsp;&nbsp; will want to hear their own instrument more than&nbsp; anyone else will. Start with the kick drum sent&nbsp;&nbsp; to the drummer at unity and set the preamp&nbsp; gain based on how much the drummer needs.&nbsp;&nbsp; Start with the guitar microphone sent to the&nbsp; guitarist at unity and set the preamp gain based&nbsp;&nbsp; on how much the guitarist needs, and so on. Once&nbsp; you've set the preamp gain for each instrument&nbsp;&nbsp; based on how much the musician playing that&nbsp; instrument needed in their monitor, go ahead and&nbsp;&nbsp; use the aux sends to the other monitors to give&nbsp; the other musicians what they need. The reason I&nbsp;&nbsp; make this recommendation is to avoid unnecessary&nbsp; amplification. If you add a ton of preamp&nbsp;&nbsp; gain only to send a tiny amount to the monitor&nbsp; wedges, then that preamp gain was unnecessary. How you place microphones on stage will&nbsp; play a large role in reducing feedback.&nbsp;&nbsp; Keeping the microphone in close proximity to&nbsp; the sound source will help reduce feedback. The&nbsp;&nbsp; further a vocalist is from their microphone,&nbsp; the more gain you'll need to use to get an&nbsp;&nbsp; adequate level. If the vocalist stays close to the&nbsp; microphone less gain will be required, reducing&nbsp;&nbsp; the chances of feedback. I already mentioned the&nbsp; microphone polar pattern earlier, but did you know&nbsp;&nbsp; that the way you hold the microphone can actually&nbsp; change the polar pattern of that microphone?&nbsp;&nbsp; A common mistake in microphone technique is to cup&nbsp; the microphone. This mistake can turn a cardioid&nbsp;&nbsp; microphone that picks up sound from the front into&nbsp; more of an omnidirectional microphone that picks&nbsp;&nbsp; up sound evenly from all directions. If you've&nbsp; got any experience working with musicians you&nbsp;&nbsp; know that you can only really control this up&nbsp; to a certain point. The musician's microphone&nbsp;&nbsp; technique will either make your job as an audio&nbsp; engineer much more difficult or much easier. And while you can't directly control the&nbsp; musicians, the equipment, or the environment,&nbsp;&nbsp; if you follow these steps you'll set yourself&nbsp; up for success. Here's another bonus tip.&nbsp;&nbsp; Choosing the right speakers for the situation&nbsp; will help reduce the chances of feedback. If&nbsp;&nbsp; you want some help choosing the best speakers,&nbsp; check out the free speaker specifications guide&nbsp;&nbsp; at audiouniversityonline.com/speaker-specs-guide/.&nbsp; Hit the "Like" button if you found this&nbsp;&nbsp; video helpful and subscribe to Audio&nbsp; University for more content like this.

  Top Comments:
  1. @FirstPersonNewf [21 likes]: Recording and live sound guy here. This guy knows his stuff. I don't need to watch this content. I know my stuff. Wrong. This is the second video I watched. You have earned my like and subscription.
  2. @grioghar [3 likes]: As a notorious mic-cupper, this explains SO MUCH.

I’ll adjust my technique accordingly.

Thank you for this.
  3. @starfishsystems [2 likes]: 6:17 It's worth mentioning why we want to avoid unnecessary amplification.

The reason is because the amp at any point in the path doesn't discriminate between signal and noise. It will amplify both. So a guiding principle to start with a strong clean signal and try not to mess with it too much.
  4. @pankajsound1000: Love from india ❤
  5. @richarddutton1981: how do i get rid of the slight white noise that is constantly coming out of my PC speakers? I've rerouted the wires so they aren't sitting/touching on anything. ive re wired them into different inputs. no matter what i do i keep getting white noise out of my speakers. im about to put a bomb in my copmuter i swear to christ.
  6. @REM977: This makes my brain hurt.  lol
  7. @reyloste885: Subscribed & watching your videos from Maydolong Eastern Samar Philippines, I learn a lot from you videos, more power to your  channel   Audio University❤
  8. @Myself_sps: Great eloborate ❤
  9. @dennisboyd3511: Wouldn’t a wall of sound cause feedback
  10. @smartalex2578: Here are 3 tips. First, throw every other vocal mic on the front line out of phase. Instead of anomalies caused by multiple mics loading up, they will now cancel out. This stabilizes both mains and monitors. Second, put about 14 ms delay on the mains. Not only does this align the sound from the back line with the mains, it simulates the mains being further away from the mics reducing the chance of feedback. Third, when ringing out monitors by driving them in to feedback, using a compressor limiter at the end of the chain with the threshold set very low to limit the volume of the feed back. This will  not only protect your ears, it will protect all of your speakers. You can now allow the speakers to feedback at a very minute level, giving you total immunity and allowing you to figure out what frequencies are feeding back assuming you don’t have an rta . Remember to return the threshold to a normal setting.  Btw, after setting the system up, during soundcheck drop the threshold of your limiters on both mains and monitors so it hits 3 db of gain reduction on peaks.  This protects your monitors as well as your ears, and helps to keep the musicians from getting audio fatigue.  - 40 years btw of dealing with feedback and musicians.  Mic cuppers sound like they’re being kidnapped btw.
  11. @Jurassicparkatmospheres: Little bit puzzled by the 4th technique. It makes sense when you say it but I'll have to try it first because surely your Foh would be too quiet then and also someone could stand too far away from the mic
  12. @colincannings7946: Hi, I find the Microphone Feedback topic interesting. In section 3 while discussing EQ, and reducing the frequency that is feeding back. I would like to know, how I can determine which frequency it is that is feeding back?
  13. @Soundguyover40: The only thing worse than feedback is modern music
  14. @OMNICHROMATICA: Blueyetti cardiod pattern is trash.
  15. @dhey007: If I had a dollar for every musician that I have been able to successfully train, using a microphone, well, I’d be as poor as I am now! 😂
  16. @ST_Rider939: I don’t like feedback, I prefer people to just leave me alone to get on with it.
  17. @sankarn.s5645: When playing audio from pc this sound is picked by microphones from speaker causing some tendency to feedback...how to avoid this type of issues??
  18. @billypereira1806: Show me to connect woofers only
  19. @stuartrobinson2456: surely feedback happens when the mic detects sound from the speakers why would it have to be louder than voice?????   not an expert just asking
  20. @4sightfilmsLLC: Fantastic video! Clear, comprehensive, and efficient. Thank you!

- Misophonia, Phonophobia, and Hyperacusis: Auditory Sensitivity and Mental Health: Kind: captions Language: en The other day I got an email from a follower, and&nbsp; here's what it said: "I have been in and out of&nbsp;&nbsp; therapy for many, many years, mostly trying&nbsp; to find someone to help me with anxiety and&nbsp;&nbsp; depression related to environmental noise,&nbsp; which usually came from neighbors living in&nbsp;&nbsp; surrounding apartments, but no one has been able&nbsp; to give me any skills to get some relief from all&nbsp;&nbsp; this anxiety. And yes, my whole body does want to&nbsp; just avoid the sound because it feels horrible,&nbsp;&nbsp; more horrible than anything. So after decades&nbsp; of that apartment, living in turmoil, I finally&nbsp;&nbsp; moved to a house in a state park. The house was&nbsp; quiet for a year except for the leaf blowers,&nbsp;&nbsp; mostly in the autumn, but the last two months the&nbsp; airport must have redirected their flights to go&nbsp;&nbsp; right over my house every 15 minutes or so. So&nbsp; finally, living in my own house and in nature has&nbsp;&nbsp; become stressful, and even taking hikes in the&nbsp; woods have become very stressful for me to the&nbsp;&nbsp; point where I don't take care of myself anymore&nbsp; except for the basics. I don't know what to do.&nbsp;&nbsp; Do you have any suggestions? Okay. So first,&nbsp; I've got to say I usually don't have time to&nbsp;&nbsp; reply to all the emails and questions I get, and&nbsp; it's unethical for me to diagnose or recommend&nbsp;&nbsp; treatment to anyone over email. So here's what&nbsp; I told him. The first thing I recommended to him&nbsp;&nbsp; was that he worked with some informed provider&nbsp; to get a really good diagnosis of what's going&nbsp;&nbsp; on because it doesn't sound as much like an&nbsp; anxiety disorder to me as a sensory sensitivity&nbsp;&nbsp; or a hearing disorder. But then I got really&nbsp; curious because I don't know that much about sound&nbsp;&nbsp; sensitivities. So me being me, I spent the last&nbsp; month researching it and talking with experts,&nbsp;&nbsp; and here's what I've learned. There are at least&nbsp; three different types of sound sensitivities. And&nbsp;&nbsp; this matters because sound sensitivities sometimes&nbsp; co-occur with other mental health conditions&nbsp;&nbsp; like OCD, autism, anxiety, trauma, and sensory&nbsp; processing disorders. So let's talk about what&nbsp;&nbsp; the three conditions are, and then you'll learn a&nbsp; little bit about what the treatment options are. So there are three different types of sound&nbsp; sensitivities that we'll talk about today.&nbsp;&nbsp; If you get really angry about certain noises,&nbsp; that's misophonia. If you get really anxious or&nbsp;&nbsp; scared around certain sounds, that's phonophobia.&nbsp; And if everyday normal sounds are painfully loud,&nbsp;&nbsp; that's hyperacusis. So let's start with&nbsp; hyperacusis. Hyperacusis is when you perceive&nbsp;&nbsp; sounds as being louder than they objectively are.&nbsp; Everyday sounds seem louder than they should. Now,&nbsp;&nbsp; this can be caused by physical damage to&nbsp; the ears from loud noises or head injuries&nbsp;&nbsp; or acoustic trauma, but it's also associated&nbsp; with a ton of other physical conditions. 47%&nbsp;&nbsp; of people with hyperacusis also have anxiety. And&nbsp; while it does have overlap with the other forms&nbsp;&nbsp; of noise sensitivity, hyperacusis can sometimes be&nbsp; diagnosed as physically occurring within the ears.&nbsp;&nbsp; But because of the interplay of the brain's&nbsp; auditory processing system and how the brain&nbsp;&nbsp; interprets noise, hyperacuity can also be more of&nbsp; an issue with the nervous system hyperarousal. So&nbsp;&nbsp; it's essentially the brain perceiving loud noises&nbsp; to be a threat. Now, auditory sensitivity can&nbsp;&nbsp; occur on a spectrum where hyperacuity can be more&nbsp; on the more severe end of the spectrum and, like,&nbsp;&nbsp; a dislike of loud noises can be more on the less&nbsp; severe side of the spectrum. Auditory sensitivity&nbsp;&nbsp; can also be associated with sensory differences&nbsp; like um that often occur with autism, and it&nbsp;&nbsp; can stand alone. It can be that you just have&nbsp; really sensitive ears. Okay. Now let's talk about&nbsp;&nbsp; misophonia. Misophonia is when specific sounds&nbsp; trigger an, an intense reaction, usually anger,&nbsp;&nbsp; but it can also be irritation, rage, anxiety, and&nbsp; disgust. The most common triggers are repetitive&nbsp;&nbsp; sounds, like chewing, breathing, lip smacking, or&nbsp; tapping. Essentially, these sounds are triggering&nbsp;&nbsp; the nervous system reaction of fight in the&nbsp; fight/flight/freeze response, and this can lead to&nbsp;&nbsp; people to react with hostility or avoidance. Now,&nbsp; like hyperacusis, misophonia is not a recognized&nbsp;&nbsp; disorder in the DSM-5, and research is just&nbsp; beginning to understand the causes and treatment.&nbsp;&nbsp; There are some early studies indicating that there&nbsp; are brain differences in people with misophonia&nbsp;&nbsp; and that there's heightened response to sounds in&nbsp; the brain. Misophonia commonly occurs with other&nbsp;&nbsp; disorders, including anxiety, obsessive-compulsive&nbsp; personality disorder, autism spectrum disorder,&nbsp;&nbsp; and sensory processing disorder. There's also&nbsp; a higher incidence in people with tinnitus and&nbsp;&nbsp; hyperacusis. The co-occurrences may be better&nbsp; explained by symptom overlap. So for example,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Oh, that sound makes me anxious, but when&nbsp; I'm anxious that sound bothers me more." But&nbsp;&nbsp; the fact that the sound bothers you is not just&nbsp; anxiety. Okay. Now, let's talk about phonophobia.&nbsp;&nbsp; Phonophobia is an intense fear reaction&nbsp; to certain sounds. So like other phobias,&nbsp;&nbsp; it can be connected to anxiety disorders or a&nbsp; history of trauma, but it can also stand alone.&nbsp;&nbsp; One case study I read about was a girl who was&nbsp; 12, and after Chinese New Year, where she heard&nbsp;&nbsp; a lot of loud fireworks go off, she developed an&nbsp; acute electrifying intensified noise sensation in&nbsp;&nbsp; both ears when hearing sudden loud noises. And&nbsp; since then she began experiencing abnormally&nbsp;&nbsp; intensified sounds followed by unpleasant&nbsp; buzzing noises every time she was exposed&nbsp;&nbsp; to normal intensity sounds. So for example, the&nbsp; sound of a balloon popping or the rustle of a&nbsp;&nbsp; plastic bag were almost unbearable to her, to the&nbsp; point where she developed palpitations, shivering,&nbsp;&nbsp; excessive sweating, and crying. Her condition&nbsp; gradually worsened until she only wanted to spend&nbsp;&nbsp; time in a quiet room and was no longer attending&nbsp; social functions in school. So her parents took&nbsp;&nbsp; her to a doctor, and the ENT assessed her ears&nbsp; and her hearing and they found nothing wrong,&nbsp;&nbsp; nothing different about her hearing. They did&nbsp; an MRI and they found nothing wrong there,&nbsp;&nbsp; and then she got a thorough psychiatric evaluation&nbsp; and she was diagnosed with phonophobia. Now,&nbsp;&nbsp; phonophobia is generally considered an anxiety&nbsp; disorder, not a disorder in hearing. It's an&nbsp;&nbsp; intense fear of loud sounds. So for someone with&nbsp; a phonophobia, watching someone blow up a balloon&nbsp;&nbsp; until it bursts could possibly trigger a panic&nbsp; attack. Now, for the average person, loud sounds&nbsp;&nbsp; might be uncomfortable or anxiety-inducing, but&nbsp; with phonophobia it's extremely anxiety producing.&nbsp;&nbsp; Okay. So now let's talk about treatment. Right?&nbsp; With all three of these types of disorders,&nbsp;&nbsp; there are two main approaches to treating these&nbsp; noise sensitivities. So first I'm going to&nbsp;&nbsp; encourage you all to work with an audiologist&nbsp; to get a good diagnosis. An audiologist will&nbsp;&nbsp; rule out other conditions, and an audiologist&nbsp; who specializes in sound sensitivities can&nbsp;&nbsp; provide acoustic therapy. Okay. The second part of&nbsp; treatment is psychological. So counseling can help&nbsp;&nbsp; people decrease their anxiety response to sounds.&nbsp; You can learn to regulate your nervous-system&nbsp;&nbsp; response through grounding skills. But first,&nbsp; before we even go into that, we need to talk&nbsp;&nbsp; about how avoidance can make these conditions&nbsp; worse. Now, I want you to notice how, both with&nbsp;&nbsp; this girl from the case study and with the man who&nbsp; emailed me, they both had a drive to avoid noises,&nbsp;&nbsp; but as they did their symptoms worsened. So this&nbsp; this man who emailed me, he moves all the way out&nbsp;&nbsp; to a state park where it's really quiet. And for a&nbsp; year things were okay, but then gradually noises,&nbsp;&nbsp; even the quietest noises, like an airplane&nbsp; overhead, would bother him more and more. And and&nbsp;&nbsp; that's because sounds aren't just processed in the&nbsp; ears; they're processed in the brain. Our brain&nbsp;&nbsp; and our nervous systems are plastic. So that means&nbsp; that they adapt to the situations we experience.&nbsp;&nbsp; So when we experience a trigger like leaf blowers&nbsp; or a plastic bag rattling and then we avoid that&nbsp;&nbsp; trigger and we don't die, our brain thinks, "Whoo,&nbsp; I survived! Let's make my human avoid those things&nbsp;&nbsp; again because they must be dangerous." So your&nbsp; brain actually increases your anxiety response&nbsp;&nbsp; to those sounds. It's going to increase your&nbsp; sensitivity to those sounds. Avoiding triggers&nbsp;&nbsp; makes you more anxious. It's like if you're in&nbsp; a very dark room and you turn on a flashlight,&nbsp;&nbsp; it might feel uncomfortably bright. But if&nbsp; you're outdoors during the daytime and you turn&nbsp;&nbsp; on the exact same flashlight, it doesn't seem that&nbsp; bright. Your eyes adjusted so that situation isn't&nbsp;&nbsp; so uncomfortable. So with sound sensitivities your&nbsp; natural tendency is going to be to avoid or escape&nbsp;&nbsp; those sounds or to wear earplugs or headphones to&nbsp; block them out, but this will make things worse.&nbsp;&nbsp; So so now a regular sound is like a flashlight&nbsp; in a dark room; it hurts even more. We we can't&nbsp;&nbsp; completely eliminate sound. All we can do is&nbsp; develop greater courage in the face of these&nbsp;&nbsp; triggers. Right? So the first thing to remember&nbsp; is don't avoid or overprotect against sound,&nbsp;&nbsp; and then second is learn to change how you think&nbsp; about the sounds and the reactions you're having&nbsp;&nbsp; to them. So you've got to work on catastrophizing&nbsp; and blaming and labeling these triggers as bad.&nbsp;&nbsp; Um you gotta learn to accept sounds and refocus&nbsp; your attention and, you know, let go of self-pity&nbsp;&nbsp; and trying to change everyone else. So these&nbsp; are, you know, essential skills that, you know,&nbsp;&nbsp; in acceptance and commitment therapy, we we use&nbsp; the skills of willingness, acceptance, defusion,&nbsp;&nbsp; and understanding that the trigger, these noises&nbsp; are actually neutral, but our interpretations&nbsp;&nbsp; of it and our emotional response is what we can&nbsp; change, Now, let me put in a quick caveat because&nbsp;&nbsp; some therapists are going to teach coping skills&nbsp; and avoiding skills in response to these sounds,&nbsp;&nbsp; and that's actually going to make it worse.&nbsp; So that's why it's really important to find an&nbsp;&nbsp; informed provider. That's one of the reasons why I&nbsp; spent the last month researching this, and I still&nbsp;&nbsp; don't consider myself an expert in this in any&nbsp; way. I would definitely send someone with these&nbsp;&nbsp; disorders to a specialist. Okay. Then after you've&nbsp; started learning how to face these sounds and how&nbsp;&nbsp; to think differently about them, and perhaps&nbsp; you've done some acoustic therapy, we're gonna&nbsp;&nbsp; talk about how to soothe your nervous system. So&nbsp; if you can learn skills to calm yourself down,&nbsp;&nbsp; this will retrain your nervous system to&nbsp; not react to these triggering sounds in&nbsp;&nbsp; the same way. So some of these nervous&nbsp; system skills include deep breathing,&nbsp;&nbsp; the yawn, and progressive muscle relaxation.&nbsp; Now, I teach about 15 of these in my Grounding&nbsp;&nbsp; Skills for Anxiety course. It's free. So you can&nbsp; check that out. The link is in the description.&nbsp;&nbsp; But there's a lot of other ways to learn these&nbsp; grounding skills, and I've got also a bunch of&nbsp;&nbsp; these videos on the um on my YouTube channel,&nbsp; so check out my grounding skills playlist too.&nbsp;&nbsp; Okay. So after you have stopped avoiding&nbsp; these sounds, you um have worked on how&nbsp;&nbsp; you think about these sounds a little bit,&nbsp; and you've learned some grounding skills,&nbsp;&nbsp; now the next step is usually super-duper gentle,&nbsp; systematic exposure. This means that you're going&nbsp;&nbsp; to super gently face uncomfortable sounds. This&nbsp; literally rewires your brain to realize that these&nbsp;&nbsp; sounds aren't a threat. It's really important&nbsp; to know that you don't just expose yourself or&nbsp;&nbsp; a child to an uncomfortable sound just to get&nbsp; the child used to it. Right? This can actually&nbsp;&nbsp; make sound sensitivities much worse. Now, let's&nbsp; listen to Dr. Lindsey Tubaugh, who is a specialist&nbsp;&nbsp; in sound sensitivities, describe how she would&nbsp; use um acoustic therapy to treat one of these&nbsp;&nbsp; sound sensitivities. Sound therapy for any of the&nbsp; types of hyperacusis should really include a form&nbsp;&nbsp; of passive sound therapy, which is enriching&nbsp; your environment with soft, pleasant sound for&nbsp;&nbsp; as much of the day and night as possible. We&nbsp; don't want it loud. We don't want to hurt your&nbsp;&nbsp; ears. And if you need to take a listening break,&nbsp; that's great. But that's passive sound therapy.&nbsp;&nbsp; The idea is that it's a sound that your brain&nbsp; learns to tune out. Okay. And then active sound&nbsp;&nbsp; therapy. Active sound therapy is using that window&nbsp; of tolerance for 20 minutes a day. This is really&nbsp;&nbsp; for misophonia. This is what active sound therapy&nbsp; looks like. A lot of times we start with the the&nbsp;&nbsp; triggering sound. I'll either create it for them&nbsp; myself or I'll have a loved one create it for&nbsp;&nbsp; them. So you're doing, you're doing something&nbsp; fun for 20 minutes. Every five minutes you&nbsp;&nbsp; turn it on, turn it off. And typically that's not&nbsp; long enough for people to trigger. You can start&nbsp;&nbsp; with a three -econd exposure and then get back to&nbsp; another five minutes of doing what you love. So&nbsp;&nbsp; basically we're exposing that person to that sound&nbsp; without having that trigger response. Okay. Next,&nbsp;&nbsp; you know, just in general when you're treating&nbsp; these things you want to decrease your overall&nbsp;&nbsp; stress and increase, increase your overall health,&nbsp; and that's going to improve your resilience. And&nbsp;&nbsp; then of course, as always, like I said, you want&nbsp; to get professional support - an audiologist,&nbsp;&nbsp; an ENT, and a trained mental health professional&nbsp; who can help with these co-occurring conditions.&nbsp;&nbsp; Okay. So let's go back to this 12-year-old girl.&nbsp; She and her parents, this is how treatment went&nbsp;&nbsp; for them. They had two therapy sessions where they&nbsp; learned all about phonophobia and its treatment.&nbsp;&nbsp; Right? Just psycho-education. And then the&nbsp; therapist taught the girl how to calm her nervous&nbsp;&nbsp; system using deep breathing and progressive muscle&nbsp; relaxation. Then after she mastered those skills,&nbsp;&nbsp; they started in with gradual exposure. So they&nbsp; start with the least provoking stimulus at first,&nbsp;&nbsp; like drawing a smiling balloon and then drawing&nbsp; a bursting balloon. Right? So I, just to be super&nbsp;&nbsp; clear, they're not just taking this girl and&nbsp; popping balloons around her all the time. Right?&nbsp;&nbsp; Super gradual. Just drawing pictures of balloons.&nbsp; Okay. After the child was comfortable with this,&nbsp;&nbsp; the stimulus was then increased to bursting&nbsp; inflated balloons in the clinic and at home&nbsp;&nbsp; with parents. The parents acted as a co-therapist&nbsp; in the situation. And each successful session was&nbsp;&nbsp; rewarded accordingly. The child showed tremendous&nbsp; improvement in her symptoms after three months&nbsp;&nbsp; of therapy. And then gradually the child was&nbsp; brought to public places, like a restaurant,&nbsp;&nbsp; and finally it was brought again, we watch a&nbsp; fireworks show with no resulting complications&nbsp;&nbsp; after six months of therapy. Okay. So going back&nbsp; to the man who emailed me. Again, I recommended&nbsp;&nbsp; that he visit an audiologist and a mental health&nbsp; professional who specialize in these conditions to&nbsp;&nbsp; get a good diagnosis and treatment. And you can&nbsp; too. With the right support and education you&nbsp;&nbsp; really can learn the skills to manage and decrease&nbsp; sound sensitivities like hyperacusis, misophonia,&nbsp;&nbsp; and phonophobia. Okay. I hope you found this video&nbsp; helpful. Thank you for watching, and take care. [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @TherapyinaNutshell [6 likes]: Improve your mental health with the free course, https://courses.therapyinanutshell.com/grounding-skills-for-anxiety-stress-and-ptsd
  2. @isntshelovely5823 [2 likes]: I feel seen!
Dogs barking especially the yappy ones like chihuahuas, tapping, chewing/mouth sounds, literally any repetitive noises, crying babies/kids, footsteps/knocking noises from neighbors ect it just aggravates me. 
People don’t take you seriously and even purposely trigger it for funsies 🥴🤬
  3. @Turtle7928 [1 likes]: Worst advice from a therapist. Get more courage? Learn to live with it?  Face it?  
Not react makes sense but jeez!
  4. @areeba2686 [1 likes]: I get irritated by someone nose sound.chewing sound and even coughing 😊
  5. @brandyranly: 7:19 ow that was too much.....a few seconds ago
  6. @brandyranly: I have issues with ringing in my ears, sometimes I feel like sounds hurt or make me upset
  7. @brandyranly: 2:30 😮 oh God so what does it mean if you have an issue with all three of those things?
  8. @nicholesalls2046: I def have misophonia I need to try this!
  9. @ouiouibaguette_meow: My misophonia, is usually breathing, chewing, tapping, clicking and repeated sounds that I don’t like. With also anxiety and possible adhd it is hell for me, also loud noises and sudden fireworks bangs that happen without any warning give me anxiety because I don’t know what’s happening,
  10. @SarahPaints132: What if you moved to a house right off the highway, how do we deal with that? Since we have no escape from our homes… I feel like I’m losing my mind
  11. @KDPTLwithpotatoes: I HATE when people talk irl
But putting on a vid while drawing <)D
  12. @cadtech8947: Do not scratch the tiles with anything to my hearing
  13. @jannawalters232: People hacking and coughing outside drive me mad!!  So do many other habits of humans!    Both sight and sound!   Chewing, slurping, breathing, snoring, humming, whistling,  overhearing people talk in person or on phones,  AI voice and hand gestures.  That's some.    I sound terrible!
  14. @Fr3llie: I think I have misophonia, I don’t want to say I know I have it but sounds like sniffing, coughing, and sneezing annoy the crap out of me. I came to this video to see if there is anyway that this can be stopped because I can’t focus in school because I have to play white noise in the background With headphones in. Please if someone knows what to do respond to this comment.
  15. @Quotely-p3k: Can someone help me,when loud music is playing,I can't focus on myself or on what I am saying,all my attention turns onto it , it's so frustrating 😢
  16. @MarieYuna: The coughing sound make me rage like realy much .. was terible when i was teenager and young adult .. still there to day but i can control it more .. but its hurt me inside... i am 42 now and i was afraid off ppl vomiting sound .. afraid to run away crying .. like the other more control but hurt still.... feel terible ..
  17. @bobbyjohnson5637: I can’t stand the sound of car exhaust or the swish of vehicles passing me is this considered Misophonia?
  18. @Turtle7928: The pitch of every item being rung up by the cashier at the check out in the grocery store actually hurts my ears. I even asked her, how do you listen to that all day?  She said:  listen to what?  Like many others for me it’s hammering, clinking on dishes, dog barking, and high pitched motors. I suppose I can be thankful I only hear out of one ear, but it’s truly maddening.  For as long as I can remember.
  19. @mkorpalart: OMG I have the same, not sure which type, I JUST can’t stand noises…it seems like my ears are so sensitive, my mom can’t hear very well and she shouts plus makes lots of noises. I love her so much but literally cant stand the noise when she’s visiting 🙀
  20. @1994moviebuff: It’s especially frustrating because it’s just starting to flare up now. I’ve lived with my dad for years but just recently I’ve noticed his tv blares through the hallway any time I’m trying to watch something and it’s maddening but mostly because it never used to bother me. I also have a coworker who sings out loud with his headphones on and it’s incredibly annoying. Idk if that’s related but it started after being around him for a while

- How to Create Captivating Talking Head Videos | 5 Top Tips: Kind: captions Language: en if you record talking head content like this this is a talking head we're gonna give you five tips to take your talking head video and audio quality to the next level from framing composition to lighting and audio we want to make sure you sound your best for talking head video content and while you're here hit that like button and subscribe to the Riverside YouTube channel number one when you're doing talking head video content you want to think about framing the rule of thirds is a great place to start the rule of thirds means you can divide a video frame by three parts horizontally and vertically and from there you can place your subject in different areas of the frame for different effects no matter where you place your subject you want to make sure their eyes are just above that Top Line and they have enough Headroom if you do this that's not enough Headroom and it feels a little cramped and uncomfortable so make sure you have a good amount of Headroom and the eyes are above that line now you can choose to place your subject either dead center like we are now or you can place your subject to the left or the right if you put your subject towards the left or the right you want to make sure that their head is in the intersection of those two lines now if you're doing some kind of call to action or you want to address the viewer directly a straight on top shot like this might be good but if you're doing an interview Style video and maybe a subject is looking off camera then you want to place them on one of those intersections if you have two subjects in the interview you can place one on this side and then place the other subject on the opposite side of the frame so it looks like they're having a conversation if your subject is seated you typically want to shoot above the lap and higher sometimes clothes and different parts can be Unbecoming and so going from about right above lap height and up is the best way to frame the shot also you don't want to frame your shot where it's too much of an up angle so the subject is almost looking down at the viewer you also don't have too much of a high angle because then it looks a little bit like Oliver Twist asking for more for most talking head content you want to make sure the camera is about eye level with your subject number two you need to think about the background composition of the shot what is going to be behind your subject you can do a plain color whether that's black or white depending on what the subject is wearing in their skin tones be mindful about what is the most appropriate for your subject you can also use interesting lighting or colors on something like a lighter color backdrop to make it more interesting day if you're filming with a mirrorless camera or maybe using cinematic mode on your iPhone you could place interesting objects in the background that will be eye-catching but not distracting like a glowing orange orb you might not have seen until right now whatever your background is make sure your subject is the focus that can be clearly seen and there's nothing distracting in the background number three audio is really key for talking head content you really need high quality audio because the majority of the time your viewer is listening to the talking head speak like you've been doing this whole video if you only have microphones that sound good when they're close to your mouth go ahead and put the microphone in the frame a little off-center this way it's not covering the subject's face or anything that would be too distracting and make sure you get the best quality audio a more discrete option would be to use a lapel microphone if there weren't close that allows you to clip the microphone right about here on their chest that'll get you the best audio if you place the lapel mic on the collar it won't sound as good as here on the chest but it will have a drastic improvement over the built-in mics on most cameras and your mobile device for the best sounding audio that's also the most discreet you should be used using a shotgun microphone that's actually what I have right off camera typically you'll want to just add a frame and shotgun microphones are very directional so they'll pick up your subject's voice but not all the other stuff in the room we actually have a whole video covering off camera mic so you can check it out above or the link in the description number four good lighting for talking head videos makes a huge difference to show you an example I'm going to turn off my studio lighting and just use the ceiling fan light above my head as you can see this looks pretty bad probably not something you want to watch for an extended period of time even just adding one key light with a softbox can make all the difference this is actually an amaran 200x with a light Dome 2. we'll put links in the video description but we actually have an entire video about pro lighting setups if you'd like to set up something in their Studio or get some lights to bring with you as you travel check out that video above or the link in the description if you don't have the ability to have large setups or multiple lights even one small LED light with some kind of diffuser will help tremendously so here's my current shot with just lights on my background nothing is on my key light ceiling fan light even just use using this 140 light from small rig rechargeable LED can make all the difference back to the three-point lighting that's better tip number five having a secondary camera angle for talking head video content will make it much more engaging for your viewer now if you don't have a secondary camera you have a couple options one if you're recording in 4k on a mirrorless camera like this you can choose to punch in or zoom in on your subject and that will create a different feel but if you have a mobile device and you're recording your content with Riverside we actually have a secondary camera feature that allows you to use your mobile device record a second angle that's in sync with your camera and then you can edit those angles later in post-production you can use a combination of iPad iPhone and Android devices for multiple angles even up to eight devices for your talking head video content Riverside will record all those video tracks separately and then you can download them from Riverside and put them together as a multi-cam clip in your editor of choice speaking of which we have a whole video on multi-cam editing you can check out the link above or in the video description so those are five ways to make your talking head video content more engaging and usually appealing if you enjoyed this video hit the like button and subscribe to the Riverside Channel we have lots of content on USB microphones building a video podcast setup and a ton more also leave a comment below if you have any questions about your talking head setup or anything at all we'd love to help answer you there thanks for tuning in we'll catch you in the next video

  Top Comments:
  1. @cornerofficelatinas [2 likes]: How do I insert text, and have my video on half the screen, like you did at :20?  Thank you!
  2. @jacobhill4546 [1 likes]: Exactly the video I needed, thank you
  3. @rbplays_tv [1 likes]: This is super helpful. I have been very confused on how to frame myself for talking head video for my other channel and I have watched lot of videos till now but this one stood out to me, tips are really helpful. Thank you
  4. @Piliponful [1 likes]: one of the most tightly packed and to the point videos I've ever seen, I've subscribed, will watch every video on your channel today and are down to buying a course from you or anything you might sell
  5. @JayWerx: Something about having a large mic and stand looks corny to me.
  6. @Growingonestepatatime: What is the right distance from the subject to camera
  7. @aigulniiazalieva9026: Tnx kind human being for info 😊
  8. @katinareneetv: Great info
  9. @jarrodsplace: Great video. Very nicely explained. Thank you
  10. @sogostudio: TQ.
  11. @AngusYoung412: Is it that easy, I thought you couldn't link a 2nd phone up to be a second camera (certainly not Android).
  12. @PrimeCoastHomesFL: Very helpful stuff here!
  13. @vivekmgeorge: can you explain or link to a tutorial with how you put the text on side the screen (with the black ground) and the speaker to moves to the other side of the screen? What is that called even?
  14. @dontbemuted: I have several ladies saying the same thing. I want to have all of them saying it simultaneously on the track, is that as simple as layering them?
  15. @dr.bhargaw: the idea about second camera is good. thanks
  16. @wicomms: How do i put those slides in the video?
  17. @shofps26: thanks
  18. @AquaVivaFit: Thanks for these pointers! I’m currently in the learning curve for talking head videos for my channel. Specifically, I’m developing workout programs so I am using talking head introductions. It’s a bit overwhelming 😅😂 also, are you a natural at impromptu or do you recommend the use of a teleprompter?
  19. @tsereteli: thanks
  20. @RaulGonzalezG: Thanks for the tips. I like how you present your tips with text beside you. Do you have a tutorial or link to one where it teaches how to do that please? Regards.

- Beginner Video Creators: THESE Are the Cameras for You!: Kind: captions Language: en if you've clicked on this video I take it you're in the market for your first camera to shoot video as your phone's not quite current anymore let's get rid of that I know it looks overwhelming when you're looking at the B&H website as there's so much Choice when it comes to video cameras but that's a good things because it's made Brands pack incredible features into all of their models which allows everyone from beginners to Pros to benefit from these amazing pieces of tech chances are you're not looking to break the bank as well as this is your first camera so that's where brand have created these amazing things entrylevel cameras the first thing you probably wondering is what can a camera do that a phone can't and that's a fair question especially with how good phone cameras are getting these days but what a camera can do is give you so much more control over your image it offers things like motion blur better low light performance access to lenses and focal ranges without digitally zooming and the main thing is the sensor will be bigger than your phone camera beginner cameras have smaller sensors than their full-frame big brothers so that means they're less expensive and smaller in turn this means that the lenses for these cameras are smaller since they don't need to cover as big of a sensor but before we get into lenses let's look at what some of your favorite brands have to offer in the world of entry-level camera bodies now you'll have specific needs depending on what you're filming so be sure to make a checklist of what you need to find the perfect camera for you for example do you need a flip out screen for vlogging do you need inbody stabilization if you're going to be out on the move is audio really important and you want a camera that can deliver Straight Out of the Box all these things are really important to know before you start looking into buying your first camera starting off we have the most affordable entry-level cameras from each brand with some good video features we have the Canon R50 the Sony zv E10 the Nikon z30 and the Fuji xm5 all these cameras shoot in 4k and have features for the beginner in mind for example the zv E10 has the background default Focus button so you can blow your background to get a more professional look without having to know how to manually do that this is all fully auto defocus on and then this is a clear background we can see more of the background the zv E10 z30 and the R50 have a flip out screen so you can Vlog and make sure that you're framed correctly and this will be a massive upgrade from your phone's front-facing camera the Canon R50 also has a demo mode when you lift an object up to your face it will draw Focus onto any object you put there and then back to your face when you move it away from the lens without you having to touch the focus this will massively boost the production of your videos without you having to know too much about how the camera is doing all of this like the zv E10 the Nikon z30 has great camera stereo microphones so you can get better quality audio than most cameras out of the box okay so now I'm in the park now I'm in the park I'm in the outside world we're in full auto both video settings and audio settings and this is just a scratch audio now this is great but as a pro tip I would always recommend buying an external mic even it's something as small as the Road video micro 2 this will make your audio sound so much better so now I've attached the road ntg we're still in Auto Audio Level recording and auto picture profile this looks pretty good I'm at 16 mil the camera's doing all the work and we're in a nice beautiful day in the Parks so obviously I think this sounds a lot better it's a lot more Fuller but what do you think let me know down below would you prefer the on camera mic or with the road ntg remember people can watch a video with a bad quality image and good audio but if you have bad audio no matter how good the image looks they're turning it off faster than you can say subscribe and speaking of fantastic images the Fujifilm xm5 can use the Fujifilm film simulations to essentially get a better version of an Instagram filter baked into the footage to create a unique stylized look by just turning this dial we also have a vlog mode so the camera Works to put your settings in the best possible mode so you can just press record and you're ready to go this is real Ace this is one of the newest simulations and it's proved really popular amongst all ranges of Fuji shoers this is the classic Chrome film simulation profile so slightly different vibe a lot less contrasty a lot more muted tones and finally we have a black and white filter here this just shows there so many different looks for everyone out there to get the look that you want if you want to spend a little bit more money on your camera I can't recommend the zv1 Mark II enough this has the same sensor as Sony's apsc Flagship the a6700 and the entry cine line camera the fx30 but it has amazing features designed to get you shooting Straight Out of the Box the best one for video is creative Vlog mode this gives you essentially those Instagram filters similar to the Fujifilm but in s cin tone so it's designed to look cinematic and fantastic Straight Out of the Box you don't have to do any color correcting the Canon R7 is a bit of a step up from the R50 for many reasons it can shoot in higher frame rates for slow motion video up to 2 and 1 half times slower than normal speed it has dual card slots which means you can back up your videos in camera which is fantastic it can also shoot this thing called log this is a professional setting that really maximizes the potential of the color information in your image chances are you don't really need this right now but if you're looking to take this a step further in the future this is great for future proofing and you can save yourself from upgrading your camera body sooner now we've covered cameras we need to move on to the most important thing next lenses like I mentioned before they're smaller and cheaper than full-frame lenses making it easier for you to be a run and Gun filmmaker with a lot more options while not breaking the bank in the process if you're a vlogger you'll probably be wanting something like this the Sony 10 to 20 mm as it's really wide and you can show all of your background and you can sell punch in when you need to for something like sports you probably need something like the Canon 18 to 150 as this is a oneandone lens you can get wide establishing shots of where you're shooting and then you can get close-ups of the action all the way in at 150 oh one last Pro tip for vloggers before I forget I recommend getting a little handheld tripod like this to add a little bit of further reach so you caname yourself better and it'll add more stabilization when you're on the move so that is a little introduction into the world of entry-level cameras for video These are truly amazing cameras that can really wow your friends and family as they're a huge step up from that phone camera of yours but tell me is there anything else you'd like to know about these cameras and what camera is on your wish list on the B&H website to get next let me know in the comments down below but in the meantime I've been Matt and thanks for watching

  Top Comments:
  1. @Nogi520 [1 likes]: Thank you McLovin I will go buy a camera now 💪
  2. @billihawk368 [1 likes]: Feels like 4k isnt enough
  3. @sulemamedina2288 [1 likes]: Why wouldnt you include the price of each in your video?? I liked that you have examples of shooting with each one but the biggest factor is also price, so that should be included
  4. @Gilded-Graphics: matter of fact my friend That Rode worsened the audio dramatically, rather fix it up in Adobe Audition, this is beyond breaking the bank 😂
  5. @mertyoruklerli: Are you kidding? Beginner cameras for ~£600...
  6. @thewrongaccount608: You're delusional. Who has a budget of 1k for beginner camera.
  7. @JohnJohnCrusher: Why do they have to look like those clunky old SLR cameras from the 1980s?
  8. @AndréRibolhos-c7g: almost 1000$ bodies for begginers? is this a joke ?
  9. @rod.7077: Mclovin
  10. @NortheastBilliardsChannel: I’m an avid competitive pool player looking to record my matches. Some matches can take up to 2+ hours. Is there anyway to get that amount of recording time from one of these?  The overheat time seems to be short.
  11. @Thetruthmedia1: 2k for beginners? You wasted my time. I was hoping canon 5k mark 2 or 3 Nikon 7000 to 7200
  12. @HurtadoDefense: People that are complaining about price are more than free to get temu cameras lol
  13. @More_Segma: I can see you put a lot of effort into this Video however most of these cameras are nearly or above 1000 Euros. Look I know not everyone is broke but still offering someone a professional Video camera as a "beginner" one is absurd. The Cameras are good but they are the same worth as a rented car
  14. @whatever5429: Beginner seems to equate with endless pockets. Sorry but nope. Try again.
  15. @bam_miami: Mc Lovin
  16. @bludge_doyen: I've started with vlogs but I want to move into commentary but my phone and laptop cameras are really bad so I need a better camera
  17. @MPW-u8s: Is this beginner cameras for middle class people
  18. @jonathanportillo19: Which one is best for YouTube reality show?
  19. @GAMEPLAYINC: I am looking for a cheap one I can live stream with for hours..
  20. @thedylanrogers: Do all of these cameras have the ability to be used as a webcam, so that I can record or livestream straight into something like Streamyard? 
Or do they requiere exta gear, like a capture card?

- What Lens Should You Be Using for Talking Head?: Kind: captions Language: en-US Casey Neistat often shoots super wide,&nbsp;&nbsp; 10-14mm.. Becky and Chris shoot long at 105mm..&nbsp; Peter McKinnon, Lizzie Pierce, Peter Lindgren,&nbsp;&nbsp; all at 24mm. You’ll usually see ME at 85mm. Your lens choice when shooting a video will&nbsp;&nbsp; cause the biggest change in how everything&nbsp; looks. WAY more than which camera you use,&nbsp;&nbsp; and maybe on par with what type of&nbsp; and what style of lighting you use. Lets look at a few examples and Ill&nbsp; match them up with things youre used&nbsp;&nbsp; to seeing. We’ll start out wide - super&nbsp; super common lens is the 24mm.. I could&nbsp;&nbsp; be wrong about these shots, photographers&nbsp; are a sneaky bunch, but Im probably not - Starting out with Peter McKinnon.. He shoots&nbsp; his talking heads wide. Notice how you can&nbsp;&nbsp; see a lot of the background, as in more&nbsp; than one wall in whatever room hes in,&nbsp;&nbsp; which he changes up constantly, thats probably&nbsp; a good tip, I dont know.. Fairly often hes even&nbsp;&nbsp; holding the camera, but when hes not you&nbsp; can catch him making adjustments on the&nbsp;&nbsp; fly - and that makes it clear the camera&nbsp; is two or three feet in front of him,&nbsp;&nbsp; hence probably a 24mm, almost always lit&nbsp; Rembrandt style, where hes using a large&nbsp;&nbsp; light source off to one side.. This has&nbsp; become a super common talking head lens&nbsp;&nbsp; for when your personality is whats driving the&nbsp; content, rather than information or the story. Casey Neistat, when hes in his&nbsp; studio is another wide angle,&nbsp;&nbsp; im guessing 24mm shooter. You can see MOST of&nbsp; his office, most of the time and hes always&nbsp;&nbsp; sort of fussing with his camera while talking -&nbsp; zooming in and out. He has the camera really low,&nbsp;&nbsp; so hes looking down at it. He’ll occasionally&nbsp; switch to a SUPER wide view, this is maybe 10mm,&nbsp;&nbsp; and hes lit almost globally, from everywhere.&nbsp; He switches up his camera angle and focal&nbsp;&nbsp; length constantly so that a single shot never goes&nbsp; stale, but he stays really wide. When hes outside,&nbsp;&nbsp; hes using auto ISO - and you can tell because&nbsp; when he moves from the dark to the light,&nbsp;&nbsp; the camera automatically adjusts,&nbsp; but his motion blur stays the same,&nbsp;&nbsp; and the plane of focus doesnt change either. Those&nbsp; would be controlled by shutter speed and aperture. Becky and Chris, when theyre in their studio&nbsp; in front of one of their many temporary sets,&nbsp;&nbsp; often like a long lens. This is at&nbsp; least 100mm, and you can tell because,&nbsp;&nbsp; even though you can see both of them, they&nbsp; definitely can not reach out and touch the&nbsp;&nbsp; camera and you only see maybe 8 feet wide of&nbsp; the wall behind them. This would mean their&nbsp;&nbsp; camera is positioned something like 20 feet away&nbsp; from them, and its focal plane is super narrow. Back to Casey for a second, and you&nbsp; can see all three walls of the room,&nbsp;&nbsp; you can see like 40 linear feet of wall in&nbsp; the background of the shot.. When you have a&nbsp;&nbsp; longer lens like becky and chris are using, they&nbsp; only need to dress up this one little portion&nbsp;&nbsp; of a wall.. And thats actually what they do a&nbsp; lot, is build little sets to talk in front of.&nbsp;&nbsp; But the sets are just a wall on wheels that they&nbsp; can make look a certain way to match their theme. I shoot more closely to those two - I love&nbsp; the look of a long lens. This shot here is&nbsp;&nbsp; at 85mm. The camera is about 15 feet in front&nbsp; of me, and since its a narrow focal length,&nbsp;&nbsp; even though Im in a large space - Im in a&nbsp; warehouse, I only have to control for about 20&nbsp;&nbsp; feet of the wall behind me. There is 80 other&nbsp; feet of unsightly, disgusting warehouse wall,&nbsp;&nbsp; But I put a tool chest, some baskets full of&nbsp; lights and then some color on the roll up door&nbsp;&nbsp; back there and thats it. If I move the camera even&nbsp; closer so its a tight shot of just my head and&nbsp;&nbsp; shoulders, the background will practically&nbsp; disappear into just amorphous colors and&nbsp;&nbsp; shapes. But if I shoot this same set through&nbsp; a super wide angle, like casey niestat does,&nbsp;&nbsp; now you have access to all the crap in&nbsp; every direction. The room certainly looks&nbsp;&nbsp; larger - I also feel like this makes my face&nbsp; look too weird and round. To each their own. Casey, and Peter have an entire room that they’ve&nbsp; curated to look a certain way and you have access&nbsp;&nbsp; to that entire room.. I have an utter mess in&nbsp; every direction except whats directly behind me. In between the telephoto shots of Becky&nbsp; and Chris and the wide shots of Peter&nbsp;&nbsp; and Casey - newer Lizzie Pierce videos&nbsp; look like she’s using either a 35mm or&nbsp;&nbsp; a 50mm lens. Its still wide-ish - but youre&nbsp; only getting 10-12 feet of her back wall,&nbsp;&nbsp; with a really soft look to it.. I’m going&nbsp; to put this at 50mm f/1.4 - and it looks&nbsp;&nbsp; like she’s using a ring light, just above her&nbsp; and to her left, stage right. If you want to&nbsp;&nbsp; figure out what sort of a light someone is&nbsp; using, take a peek at their eyeballs. You&nbsp;&nbsp; get a super good reflection off someones eye&nbsp; of the light source or sources theyre using. Zooming in to peter - you can see a big&nbsp; soft box.. And actually on this shot,&nbsp;&nbsp; Im pretty sure thats a second but much dimmer&nbsp; soft box on the other side as a fill light. Looking at Casey - you cant see his eyes&nbsp; obviously because of his sunglasses,&nbsp;&nbsp; but you CAN see that hes just sitting in&nbsp; front of a window, which is why hes totally&nbsp;&nbsp; evenly lit. Not always the most flattering&nbsp; lighting, but at least theres a ton of light. Tony and Chelsea Northrup choose to light from&nbsp; both sides - and you can see the catch light -&nbsp;&nbsp; thats what the light in someones eye is called, is&nbsp; way smaller in her eyes than with Peter McKinnon,&nbsp;&nbsp; or even lizzy pierce who’s not using a soft box..&nbsp; And you can look into her eyes and see that she’s&nbsp;&nbsp; using two lights - I think tony and chelsea are&nbsp; either using a hard light, with no diffusion,&nbsp;&nbsp; or the lights are just pretty far away&nbsp; from their faces.. This causes harsher&nbsp;&nbsp; shadows and more reflections on your&nbsp; skin. Then again, they also shoot at&nbsp;&nbsp; 60fps and upload technical reviews in&nbsp; 1080p which has always made me feel weird. Matti Haapoja, looking like a big soft box,&nbsp; here he is at probably 20mm (lots of background&nbsp;&nbsp; wall space), and here he is at probably&nbsp; 50mm, (very little background showing).. Peter Lindgren is shooting at 24mm, and his&nbsp; light is up high above him, facing down - which&nbsp;&nbsp; causes his eyes to be in shadow some of&nbsp; the time. This shot catches a reflection&nbsp;&nbsp; of the soft box on his glasses and you&nbsp; can see the grid pattern on the light,&nbsp;&nbsp; Peter is using that to ensure the light&nbsp; only hits him, and falls off to the right&nbsp;&nbsp; of frame so that he can keep the rest of this room&nbsp; very dark for his moody LED lighting that he uses. I am also a fan of moody, dark lighting,&nbsp; and thats the way I have my other studio&nbsp;&nbsp; set up - a light with a pretty steep angle&nbsp; to one side, and a dark background. Except,&nbsp;&nbsp; again im at 85mm in this shot so that you only&nbsp; see a little bit of that room.. Because, sigh,&nbsp;&nbsp; Im a mess.. Here’s that room with a wide angle. Peter is definitely shooting at a VERY wide open&nbsp; aperture. f/1.4 or possibly even f1.2 - you can&nbsp;&nbsp; see the focus falls off even on his own shoulder,&nbsp; just a few inches further back than his face.&nbsp;&nbsp; And the background is just completely out of&nbsp; focus, even though hes on a wide angle lens. This is true for more than just a talking&nbsp; head youtube shots also, of course.. The&nbsp;&nbsp; same with photography - If youre setting up&nbsp; a portrait of someone and trying to design&nbsp;&nbsp; what the overall photo will look like. The&nbsp; difference is SO massive when choosing a lens. I was out at Epcot with my wife and I had my&nbsp; camera and a couple of lenses with me - first at&nbsp;&nbsp; 24, which is similar to the default lens on like&nbsp; an iPhone - and a ton of people take this exact&nbsp;&nbsp; picture, with “SpaceShip Earth” in the background&nbsp; all lit up.. And this photo does tell that story..&nbsp;&nbsp; You can see it back there - But this picture&nbsp; and THIS picture were taken with her standing&nbsp;&nbsp; in exactly the same spot.. I just put on a longer&nbsp; lens, and I backed way up so that she would be the&nbsp;&nbsp; same size in the shot - but a longer lens will&nbsp; PULL the background closer to you as you back&nbsp;&nbsp; up and zoom in. So Sarah is the same size in both&nbsp; shots, but this is 24mm and this is 200mm. Both&nbsp;&nbsp; telling the same story - but the telephoto version&nbsp; is much more dramatic and to me, interesting. Same principal in the studio - if you move the&nbsp; camera back while zooming in the lens, you get&nbsp;&nbsp; the same subject, but the background zooms in. Use&nbsp; this to shape the finished shot to your liking.

  Top Comments:
  1. @RealAgentClinton [6 likes]: This video did more for me than YEARS of research for bokeh, lighting, camera bodys, lenses, and positioning!!!! I am SO glad I found your video. So much explanation. I’m on the 3rd watch of this video. BONUS…you also explained some of my favorite YouTubers too! Casey and Peter is legit! Thank you thank you thank you!!!! I’m going to share this video in two different Realtor Only groups with over 400,000 Realtors so expect an uptick in Subs and views on this video!! Thank you! ~Clinton Porter - ΓEA⅃ - Real Broker, Denver, Colorado
  2. @laurentsmohr1803 [1 likes]: thank you. it tells me, that every setup can work and I shouldn't stress so much
  3. @umangatang: Best video
  4. @URRIBARRIJN: And this all explanation applies only to Full Frame lenses. Those who has APS-C skip this video
  5. @whatsupchicken: Useful info thank you! But I wish you talked calmer with no background music.
  6. @Fechu: Fantastic video
  7. @HamiltonRucker: Absolutely great video! Thank you.
  8. @AndyMiller_UK: It all depends on how your studio is layed out -- many put the camera close to their screens and these may be against a wall. Lots of folk have tiny spaces. Others (working pros) tend to want to show their studio in the background and also shoot with wide lenses. For fat old folk like me I push my camera back and use at least an 85mm more often my 135mm. But then I use a tight shot 'cause don't want to show much behind me.
  9. @riubens: Great video
  10. @romarsalis3350: I needed this video so much at 11:43 pm. It answered every question I had
  11. @TripleBlack331: I'm flipping back and forth between 54mm and a cheap 25mm fast lens and both work pretty great! I can't say how much I'm impressed with the cheap fast lens.
  12. @StitchlessDisneyDad: This was amazing, taught me so much, I knew a lot of the basics but this helped so much
  13. @Riders_Lounge: thank you 👊
  14. @rlifts: I was just about to say aren't you the guy with the macs on fire LOL.
  15. @DavisMuhwezi: I shot at 50mm, I have not figured out why but 25mm came with lots of noise
  16. @ZaporOshti: anamorphic lens of course
  17. @thebetchannel: What did you use to shoot this video??!!
  18. @MichalM2012: Thanks! Examples are always the best way to explain something! I am more wide angles guy but it more demanding in regards to the environment setup.
  19. @Logan-Kegley: Easily the best video I've ever seen on this topic. Thanks so much for the work you put into this with all of the different angles and examples.
  20. @ikylemoore: This video is incredible… wow!

- Build a Killer Talking Head Setup 2025: Kind: captions Language: en Thousands of creators have changed their lives with one simple setup, doing talking head video. Many of the top subscribed channels on YouTube are exactly that, talking head, someone just looking at the camera and speaking. And you don't need a fancy studio to do it. Just a camera, a good light, and a plan. Now, if you like how this video looks with lighting and cameras, I'm going to show you exactly how to do it, how to get that look on a budget, and how to start today if this is all you got, the phone in your pocket. My first recommendation is actually going to be for any setup because talking head video usually takes either reading off a script or having bullet points and you always want to make sure you're staring down the lens of the camera to connect with your audience. Well, the best way to do that is use a teleprompter, which can be complicated if you're trying to figure out an iPad or other ways to do it. So, I highly recommend the Elgato prompter. I did an entire video talking about how to set it up. I'll link it above, but it actually has a built-in display connects to your computer so you can drag over your script or even better the Riverside window so you can record with remote guests and read off the script all while you're looking in the camera. It works both with mobile devices like your iPhone or Android all the way up to mirrorless cameras like from Sony, Lumix, and Canon. Whether you're just starting out or have an advanced setup, getting a teleprompter like this is going to make creating content way faster and easier. Now, step one is what do you use as the camera? Now, if you don't have any budget or maybe just a little bit, I would spend it on lighting and sound before you upgrade your camera because the iPhone in your pocket or Android device is gonna actually look great. Here's actually some footage of me recording directly from my iPhone, which I used to interview the Apple senior vice president. I didn't have my mirrorless Sony camera. I used it with just my phone, so you can do it, too. Now, the one thing I would recommend investing in is a tripod for that mobile device. trying to hold the phone while you're recording. It's going to be shaky and distracting to watch, but just get a simple mount like this. This is a MagSafe one, but you can get inexpensive clips that hold any kind of mobile device, a small tripod like this that goes on your desk, and it's going to go a long way. So, that's about $15 or $20, and you have your camera setup if all you have is your phone. I'll talk about more advanced cameras in a second. Next is lighting, and there are some great options out there for all budget levels. One, I actually really love this LED light from Small Rig. super compact. You can change the intensity and color temperature, and it's only 20 bucks. It's rechargeable via USBC, and you can even string multiple them together for really good lighting. Use natural lighting to your advantage, like coming in from a window and small lights like this, and you can get a great look. There's also some great upgrade picks for lighting, like these newer LED panels. You can also get a soft box, which I'll talk about in a second, but $130 for two lights that go on the stands. And again, this is going to take you a long way. Now, I did an entire video on what a $100 lighting setup versus $1,000 and 28 lighting tips, no matter what you have. You can check out that video up here, and I'll put it in the description. Now, if you want to go pro and get studio lighting, this is the one I use, the Aperture Amaran 200X, and I'm going to give you a behind the scenes of all my setup in a moment. But, let's talk about microphones. Now, when you're doing talking head video, there's a couple methods. You can do an onscreen microphone like this. There's some great USB microphones out there, like the Shore MV7 Plus. Yes, I did a whole video on USB mics. I'll link that above, too. But if you don't prefer the microphone in the shot look, there's some great shotgun mic options. A shotgun microphone looks like this. You would put it on a stand or arm above your head pointed down. This is the Sennheiser MK600. It is a few hundred bucks, but it sounds really good and you can keep it off camera and still have great audio quality. But there are some other inexpensive options when it comes to lapel microphones. These can be discreet, attached via clip or a magnet, and actually sound really good. You can even get combos like the DJI Mic Mini that has two microphones so you can do interviews and these can connect to your phone, the Osmo Pocket 3, or directly to a camera. Again, these sound surprisingly good. But what if you don't have budget for a microphone and you use the built-in mic, maybe on your iPhone or even your laptop? Well, there's a way to make that sound great, too. When you record solo content or with remote guests in Riverside and there's a Riverside app for iPhone, Android, and iPad, so you can record on your mobile device and nothing else. And then once you're done recording, you can edit your content in Riverside. and our AI producer, which has amazing tools like remove pauses and filler words. You can apply magic audio, which will make any microphone sound studio quality. You can even adjust this slider on how much magic audio to apply. That'll remove background noise, echo, and yes, even make that built-in microphone on your mobile device sound studio quality. Now, before I give you a behind the scenes on my entire setup, one other key element is sound treatment. Now, Magic Audio and AI tools can remove reverb and echo, but if you have the budget to add sound panels to your room, that's going to make your audio sound even better. It really helps to focus on your voice and cut out distractions like that reverbby or echoey sound. And sound paneling can be fun because what's right behind me are actually sound panels. These are from Geek Acoustics. You can get various patterns and colors, and these do a great job of making your studio sound great, but also looking really cool. All right, but now, let me give you a behind the scenes of my setup if you want to create talking head videos that look like this. Step one, my camera is the Sony A74 mirrorless camera with a Sigma 35mm F1.4 lens. That f1.4 means you can get that nice bokeh effect. So, even though this room is kind of small, it's only 9 ft deep, you can still blur the background because I keep my lighting dim and that aperture open, meaning the f-stop number is very low. Another key element to a good talking head setup is a preview monitor. If you can have your camera previewed large on a screen next to you, it's going to help you make sure you look good, everything in the camera shot looks good, and help cut down on editing time because you'll notice any distractions in that preview monitor. Now, that camera and preview monitor is being powered by the Blackmagic A10 Mini Pro. That's that video switcher right there. But there's some great options like the Roadcaster Video, which I did a video about recently. I'll link that above and in the description as well. Now, when it comes to audio, I'm using the Roadcaster Pro 2. This might be actually a little overkill for my setup, but you can get the Roadcaster Duo or even interfaces like the Voccaster Solo and still get great sound from your microphones. Now, going into that Roadcaster Pro 2 is my shotgun microphone on this arm. This is the Sennheiser MKH 416. It is a professional microphone, and it is priced professionally. It's about $1,000, but it's the last microphone you'll ever need to buy. I also highly recommend putting it on a mic arm like this because then I can move it around, get it out of the way when I'm not recording, and quickly place it with no fuss. Now, I also have a secondary camera. You'll see that's the top down shot, which you've been watching throughout this video. That's a Sony a6400 with a Sigma 24 to 70 lens, so I can zoom in. That camera is also going into the Blackmagic ATM Mini Pro, and you can see I'm previewing that there. Again, really helps cut down the editing when I know the camera shot is good to go. Now, one other microphone I have is the Earthworks Ethos. This is what I use when I'm actually podcasting. Love the sound of this. That's also going into the Roadcaster Pro 2. Then for lighting, I have my Amaran 200X that I showed you before with the Light Dome 3 softbox. Having a great softbox is key to that soft, even lighting to prevent shadows and just has a flattering look. You'll see my entire back wall here has sound panels. I covered everything to cut down on all the reverb and echo. That's actually a sound panel to the right as well. And then I have two other lights. These are Elgato Keyite Airs. That's my fill light and my hair light behind me. Now, you'll see my gig acoustic panels back there, but there's also some colorful lighting. That's from Philips Huegh. Things on the shelf are producing light. And this is a Philips Huegh signed lamp that's on the floor. And that's actually shining most of the light that's on the back wall, you see. And that's basically how I produce all my videos. This camera with the top down, the Sennheiser microphone, Amaran 200X light, and then I talk at the camera. When I need to read off a script or a teleprompter, I'll use the Elgato prompter. And then when I want to record something like my podcast, I use Riverside. Riverside is incredible, not only for remote guests, but also solo content. And then you don't have to worry about importing footage or taking up space on your computer. Plus, you get access to all the Riverside AI editing tools like those remove silences, filler words, and you can even add video B-roll, image overlays, background music, and more all within the Riverside editor. Search for royalty-free clips, and then export in 4K video. And that's how to build a killer talking headset up in 2025 for all budget levels. Links to all the gear that I talked about is down in the description. And let me know if you have any questions the comments below. I answer those personally. And don't forget to subscribe to the Riverside channel and hit that like button. Lots of videos on monetizing your podcast, how to get to 100K videos on YouTube, and how I did it as a solo creator, which if you want to watch that video, I'll link it right here. And YouTube thinks you'll really enjoy this video. Thanks for watching. I'll catch you next time.

  Top Comments:
  1. @thirteencoffins [41 likes]: Bro called me poor in 99 languages
  2. @rootnoteco [9 likes]: It's always so fun to me to know that, in most cases, everything juuuust out of frame is usually a mess. That's why I love behind the scenes stuff on movies. There's a whole village of people and stuff just outside the frame. It can be the same for talking head setups!
  3. @MoementumFinance [5 likes]: Great tips for content creators! 👏 Wishing everyone success here on YouTube. 😎🤛🥂
  4. @ReallyThatGuy8 [4 likes]: such a great vid. thanks for including the prices at the time of recording that helps a ton
  5. @crowngraphics [3 likes]: He said a little Overkill......likeeeeeee how is it a little..

Great Content btw
  6. @helmi_hasan [3 likes]: This is an insane gear list, not approachable for beginners. But I appreciate you sharing your pro setup
  7. @thedeviousco [2 likes]: Thank you so much for all the info - picked up some great info for setting up my own space! 😀
  8. @skitzaart [1 likes]: I waited for the budget part till the end 😄
  9. @gabrielromero36: All I have is my phone and it’s flash light 😅 and a One 💵 dollar  in my wallet   ☕️ 😌
  10. @DidacticEditions: What a bullshit commercial
  11. @speakercarroll: I'm a riverside subscriber and love to see a video on how all the components are connected.
  12. @iXzenoS: Hey, can you tell me how far away the camera is from where you sit in the video? Trying to decide what focal length would be best for my setup, but I'm worried if 35mm full frame will be too close to my face or if I should go with a 24mm full frame instead.
  13. @mns2trilltv: is reverside free
  14. @allscaletrek: Is there a good camera for newbies that looks as great as yours with just plug and play or do you have to set it up right with the settings to get good results (if messing with the set up is required could you share your camera settings)? For example many say Sony ZV E10 is a safe bet but many newbies say it looks horrible.
  15. @dj-opie: How do you not get blue reflections on your glasses?
  16. @MarcoCastro: Hi there! Great video and thank you for putting it together. As a new riverside customer, I am looking to use riverside for all my content moving forward. That said, like you I too plan on having a secondary camera with my ATEM mini pro. But My understanding is that the ATEM mini pro only supports 1080. Yet this YouTube video is 4k. My question is; Are you upscaling the video in RiverSide? If not, what process are you taking your video through to get it to 4k? Thank you!
  17. @reflection-app: great video and tips! as someone who also wears glasses how do you set up your lighting to prevent there from being a glare on your eyeglasses from the lighting?
  18. @yacquub111: Your skp rbt light aa yuu using
  19. @algirhythm: Is there any special software required to flip / mirror the video output to the teleprompter? I bought a bigger screen and teleprompter box, but the text / image reads in reverse. I couldn't find any options in Mac OS Display settings to do this.
  20. @DicaireBH: Why are you using the Atem mini pro instead of OBS? 

Is it related to ease of use and connectivity?

- Perfect BUDGET Camera for Youtubers, Vloggers & Videographers: Kind: captions Language: en the Sony zv E10 Mark II is out and I'm going to put it to the test today and film four different types of videos walking you through the entire process to really see if this is the best budget camera for all types of content creators throughout these tests we're going to go through all the major upgrades touch on some of the drawbacks about this camera but one thing's for sure by the end of this video you will know if this camera is right for you oh yeah and I'm going to be filming everything solo but I'm not nervous I'm in danger so the rain just stopped which means we can Vlog while we fish and talk about the most important upgrades to this camera that you need to know about all the footage you see throughout this entire section is going to be shot on the zv E10 Mark II let's go [Music] of course right when we get out here to actually fish it starts raining that is one drawback about this camera it's not weather sealed which at this price point kind of makes sense but I guess we're going to see how the weather ceiling is if there is any now when it comes to the upgrades to this camera compared to the original which by the way was my favorite entrylevel camera the biggest thing in my eyes is the new sensor you're getting the same exact sensor that's in the a6700 and the fx30 two cameras that are much more expensive what that means basically is in a blind side by-side test you're going to get almost the same exact image quality which is really impressive on top of that we also have the ability to film in 422 chroma subsampling in 10bit color we have an entire video on this channel about cameras and more of like the technical science all you really need to know about what I just said is you're jumping up from like 16 million potential colors that the camera can capture to over 1 billion colors so the accuracy and detail of the color that you're going to get out of this camera is just significantly improved and in fact that right there 422 10bit is one of the biggest things that I look for in a camera oh man thought we had a bite there now after doing just a few tests with this camera I can tell you it honestly Stacks up against my $3,500 Sony A7 S3 what you're seeing on screen right now are side by-side comparisons between these two cameras and yes there is going to be a difference in the actual field of view because the zve E10 Mark II it's a crop sensor camera so using the same exact lens it's going to be about 1.5 times more zoomed in but when I adjust for that by just changing the focal length you can see these shots side by side are almost indistinguishable the A7 S3 is kind of the golden standard as far as dynamic range is concerned it can get almost up to 16 stops of dynamic range and the zv1 absolutely competes with it oh we got one a nope we don't the previous zv1 did have the ability to film in SL log which is Sony's Ultra flat High dynamic range picture profile but I never really recommended had a bite there I never really recommended filming in that mode with that camera because even if you were great at color grading you weren't really going to be able to get a great image out of that an 8bit color it just starts to fall apart as you grade more and more but with the introduction of 10bit and 422 with the brand new zv E10 it really does give you the flexibility to create Dynamic looks that will compete with those much more expensive cameras and another big addition is 4K at 60 frames per second with a crop of only 1.1 barely noticeable this really rounds out the zv E10 Mark II as a camera that just will work for almost anyone getting into this industry or anyone who needs a b or c camera that can still play with the big dogs like the A7 S3 now if you're familiar with the original zv E10 you'll know the camera's extremely small compact easy to travel and you can expect to get a very similar body and design with this new version one great change is they actually increase the size of the battery grip which allows you to have the more traditional larger Sony batteries as someone who's deeply invested in the Sony ecosystem I really appreciate this because now I can just use all the same batteries all right I'm officially soaked the camera still seems to be doing fine which is great even though it's not weather sealed think we go back inside now okay so the day is passing by real fast and now I got to start prepping for my weekly live Q&A call that I do in our students Community for 14-day filmmaker normally I use my A7 S3 to go live but this zv1 Mark II seems like the perfect live streaming camera it supports HDMI streaming and direct USBC streaming which is really cool now both ports for live streaming are on the side of the camera here which is really nice you have USBC up top and then you have HDMI or really micro HDMI down below I do typically use HDMI because I can feed it straight to my external Monitor and then that goes to my computer but I will say even just using this one time I already feel like it's going to break whereas the USBC connection is just much more firmly in the camera another benefit of using the USBC to stream is it actually will power your camera while you're streaming so you don't need to worry about your battery dying and they make it extremely simple you literally plug the USBC in and it's automatically going to prompt you that you want to actually stream and then it's going to default into 4K streaming I'll also be using the built-in microphone on the zv E10 Mark I just to see if people notice the in quality normally I use an ntg3 which is very expensive all right so everything's set up with the zve E10 Mark II for my live stream webcam going to go live for about an hour now and hopefully it all goes well a really really good project management tool so you can stay on top of all the different pieces of content that you're working on for yourself all right so the live stream is over and I got to say it went really well we went a full hour there was no overheating whatsoever I did get one to two comments on the the audio just saying that the room was a little bit more echoey than usual which is definitely because that camera was well over an arms length away from me in the future live streaming with this camera I'm definitely going to use a dedicated mic like the hollyland for Bluetooth microphones or the ntg3 now something I did notice while streaming was that the colors looked slightly different when using the USBC streaming compared to the HDMI stream right now I'll play the two side by side on screen so you can see for yourself but to my eye what I noticed even though they can both stream in 4k the HDMI option seemed to have the full 10 bit colors because I don't know the colors on my face just look more natural compared to the USBC streaming which I think was stuck in 8bit there was no option to actually change it the colors just didn't look quite right all right so up next we're going to film a short form reel for Instagram and I can already tell I'm going to love this camera because it's the only Sony camera that automatically switches the display when you rotate the camera vertically in a setup like this where I'm not that far from the camera this is really nice because I can rotate it I can actually flip the LCD screen back at myself and now because the screen is also touch controlled and we have this swipe to reveal all the different settings I can control everything while actually being in front of the camera super helpful this is definitely going to speed up my short form content workflow now the Reel that I want to actually create here is all about this this is like a little handheld fog machine which is super cool you look just hold it and it can add fog to your scene you can use it as Haze I'm going to use the product showcase mode on the zve E10 mark too product mode is super helpful because normally on most cameras with good autofocus you need to hold the thing up in front of your face to actually get it to focus otherwise it's always just going to default on your face even if you're holding this up with product mode enabled no matter where you hold it up even if it's not blocking your face it would actually lock focus on that product and then I also want to see how this camera performs when we really focus on our lighting and try to create an ultra cinematic scene let's see if a handheld fog machine can give us that Hollywood Haze [Applause] look okay so one of the most important questions you need to ask when it comes to buying this camera is what's the best lens for the content I plan on shooting you can buy a great camera but if you choose the wrong lens it's going to destroy your content now in choosing a lens there are really three things you need to consider the first is what type of content am I shooting whether you're a vlogger a YouTuber you film commercials you might need a different range of focal lengths if you have no idea where to start in picking a focal length I will link a video in the description on our Channel That's all about picking lenses now the second and third Factor you need to consider with this camera has everything to do with the crop factors it's an apsc size sensor which means you're getting a 1.5x crop straight out of the gate on any lens you use and on top of that the third fact factor is we don't have inbody image stabilization on this camera that means if you want any additional stabilization being applied to your footage you either need to buy a lens with Optical stabilization built in or you need to use the active digital stabilization which adds an additional 1.33x crop onto your footage so what you're seeing right now is a 16 mm lens I'm just vlogging handheld with it I am pretty stretched out as far as I can go and I don't have active stabilization on so you'll definitely notice there is some Shake but that's cuz I'm trying to avoid that crop all right now this is vlogging same lens 16 mm but we have the active stabilization on and you can see it's cropped in quite a bit I mean it's almost unusable it is much steadier which is great I would say the active stabilization on this camera does a really good job but with that 16 mm lens it's way too tight what I'm using right now to film this scene is actually the kit lens the 16 to 50 mm lens it's only $100 and it chips with this camera it is a Great Value lens but outside of using it to show you all what it looks like I personally don't plan on using it almost at all the lowest the aperture can go on this lens is f3.5 which realistically doesn't let a ton of light in so we'll struggle in low light and it doesn't blur out the background quite as much as I would normally like now if you're sitting here wondering how the low light performance is comparing the zv E10 Mark II against the king of low light the Sony A7 S3 I got to say it really holds up just looking at 10 ,000 ISO compared on both cameras yes the A7 S3 is better but the fact that this crop sensor th000 camera can even compete counts for major points as far as I'm concerned after cycling through each ISO I would likely say anything under four or 5,000 ISO on the zv E10 Mark II is definitely usable in my eyes and you could go even higher than that if you use noise reduction software as well on top of that with 16 mm being the widest focal length it's really not wide enough to Vlog with which ironically is the purpose of this camera in the eyes of Sony so although this is a great lens for $100 I'd highly highly recommend saving your money in buying one of the following lenses if you plan on vlogging or filming real estate content where you really need that wide field of view I'd recommend getting the Sony 11 mm f1.8 lens if you'd like a little bit more versatility and you also want to have the option to zoom in a little bit I would get the sigma 10 to 18 mm f2.8 with that you get a lot more range and the aperture is still really nice at 2.8 this next lens is the one that I personally will be using the most with this camera it's the sigma 16 mm f1.4 this is what the sigma 16 mm f1.4 looks like and you can really notice at that lower aperture how much blurrier the background is and just overall I do think it's a much higher quality image and this focal length is extremely versatile you can capture tons of different styles of content aside from the stuff that you just really need Ultra wide angle lenses for like handheld vlogging or real estate content content and then finally we kind of have the king of Versatility as far as the apsc lenses at Sony are concerned and that is the Sigma 18 to 50 mm f2.8 it's not wide enough for vlogging or real estate content but with how much range it has it can basically do everything else all at a super low aperture which will give you a great high quality image I understand all of these lenses are a good bit more money than the $100 kit lens but trust me one of the best investments you can make in your camera gear Arsenal is the lens that you put on on your camera and if you still feel lost after watching this video leave a comment below and maybe I can help you pick your lens hey really quick I want to interrupt this video with a word from our sponsor content creator.com which yes is me if you haven't heard of us before content creator.com is one of the world's largest online education platform for Content creators looking to have an impact on the world our most popular course is 14-day filmmaker and over 140,000 people have enrolled and upgraded the look and quality of their videos in under 14 days when you enroll you get lifetime access to over 100 videos that cover every aspect of the shooting and editing process from the right gear to buy how to use it understanding the proper settings for all the different scenarios how to capture smooth and cinematic movements tell powerful stories how to light your content how to record and edit audio so it sounds professional and a ton of content that walks you through the step-by-step process of learning how to edit like a pro and best of all when you enroll you don't just get one program you actually get three you get 14-day filmmaker Pro Camera which teaches you how to get the most out of your DSLR and mirrorless cameras like the zv E10 Mark II I'm actually going to be producing a mini series on that for our course after that you get access to 14-day filmmaker smartphone Edition which teaches you how to get the absolute most out of your iPhone or Android device and then finally you get access to onewe director which is basically a college level crash course on directing and storytelling on top of all that you get downloadable sound effects editing templates cheat sheets discounts on professional gear and discounts on editing software like 60% off the Adobe Creative Cloud Suite we've tried to make it the biggest no-brainer on planet Earth so lifetime access only cost $48 what you also get the opportunity to hop on weekly live Q&A calls that I host just like the one that you saw in today's video it would be great to meet you and answer any questions you might have about becoming a content creator if that sounds interesting the link to join is in the description beneath this video other than that let's get back to it so I've been using this camera for a good while now and today I literally shot with it non stop and at this point I can definitively say it's an amazing camera especially when you combine it with the right lens I honestly think for a lot of my content moving forward I'm going to be using this camera instead of my bigger Sony A7 S3 and that's basically because in a much smaller lighter and easier to ous camera body I'm getting an extremely comparable image but with that being said let's talk about some of the alternative cameras and see if maybe those are a better fit for you the number one camera most people are comparing this to is the Sony a6700 they have basically the same exact sensor but the a6700 is a couple hundred more expensive with that jump in price the biggest thing that you're going to get is inbody image stabilization for smoother videos without having to get an optically stabilized lens and you also get an actual viewfinder for taking photos with now I'll say the photo quality on the zv E10 Mark II is incredible and I personally don't use a viewfinder that much in the way that I take photos but if that is something you really care about then the a6700 might be a better choice now after the a6700 we have another jump up to the fx30 Sony's entry level Cinema Camera I personally own this camera and I can tell you just looking from a video image quality they're extremely comparable the fx30 just has a few extra video focused features now I personally think the fx30 is an entirely different Beast of a camera meant for a different type of Creator kind of like a pro suumer compared to the zv E10 Mark II which is like the perfect really good camera for somebody who wants to take great videos but doesn't need all the insane bells and whistles that they might not use on a day-to-day basis throughout this entire review I've really been trying to push this camera and it has impressed me at every turn of the corner it is unfortunate that they jump the price up $300 compared to the original Sony zv E10 but inflation has hit cameras in general have gotten more expensive at $898 I think this would be the most insane no-brainer deal ever but at $998 I think it's still an extremely good deal and probably the best at this price point of any major camera manufacturer but with that you now know my take on this camera let me know your thoughts in the comments below is this something that you plan on picking up for yourself are you going to stick with the original zv E10 or are you going to go for something like the a6700 as always thanks so much for watching hit that subscribe button and I will see you in the next one

  Top Comments:
  1. @dianaotero46 [2 likes]: Can you do videos on the DJI Pocket Osmo 3? 😊
  2. @hardstylelife5749 [1 likes]: Isn’t it a little….Priceyyyyy? :) not an expert nor I want to diminish the review; The quality looks really good, nothing to say about that,  but with that amount you can have some pretty decent alternatives, both in the realm of smartphones (if that’s your thing) and cameras. Does anybody has a suggestion for vlogging/filming more “budget” friendly that this one?
  3. @bryanbeeman5256: So basically, “budget” is relative. When we say budget, we are asking for something in the triple digits…not quadruple. Guess I’ll look somewhere else…
  4. @monicamethena5527: $1000 IS BUDGET NEWBIE FRIENDLY NOW?!?!?!!!!!
  5. @SeanPhillips-q7l: This is 100% not a budget camera. It shows how content creators who have too much money see equipment like this as cheap. He's not seeing the wider market and it shows bias and it's why I don't subscribe to these types of channels. His £3500 camera lol. Not many people spend that on a camera. He should seriously check his self
  6. @christopheradams7942: Im pretty sure you said budget but damn dude $1200.00 Not sure in what world that would be considered budget. Thumbs down for you dude.
  7. @TatianaWatkins: Great overall presentation.
  8. @MegiLeka-z5w: Thanks for breaking it down clearly.
  9. @Fawnasmyer: Flashbacks to older trends spark nostalgia-driven shares
  10. @mui-r5i: Repurposing live stream highlights captures broader reach
  11. @agniswarpaul8643: I need help picking out a lense that help cature a top angle view shot of a felt fabric story telling board on a table top.
  12. @FettyMusa-j1m: Subtle branding (watermarks, intros) reinforces recognition
  13. @joneayubeihcibs: Really smooth presentation.
  14. @_oriTech_: ive seen a lot of folks has already sayin... but i think u put budget more as a clickbait for this topic. sure its a rly good camera and i guess for that kind of budget u will get some rly good stuff... but if i would spend 1k+ it would be the bare minimum to get nice quality. im a pc-tech-guy and its the same song... if someone asks me for a budget pc... it means around 400-600 bucks and its already tough to get some good stuff for that amount of money to play the latest and greatest titles... so i guess this video is not that kind of video the audience is looking for. im still starting making content and for the start i uses my pixel 8 pro and i dont want to use that for my content so all i need is something that has better imagequality than my smartphone for around 400-700 bucks for around 800-1000 bucks i can get an iphone and there are tons of ppl who already use it as daily driver for content and the quality is rly good too. sure this camera would be much better than an iphone. but to put this into a gaming context... if someone already has an ps5 he is not willing to spend much more an a pc and ive talked to a lot of ppl in my business and 8 out of 10 ppl just wanted that e-sport type of thing and for blockbuster games they use the console. so u could name this video "the perfect budget camera for the next content creation step in 2025" this would show the audience.... oh, when i already has something, this would be the next best step. even used this camera will tear your wallet apart.
  15. @legendaryearthforge: Thank you for this great video, definitely seems like a perfect camera for getting started with youtube, etc. I'm looking it up and finding an "alpha" model of this same Sony ZV - E10 II. It looks like they're boasting a better sensor? or is this the same camera?
  16. @mnznetwork: STIGMA
  17. @OnyebuchiNwanji: someday, i will be able to afford this camera. someday.
  18. @BA-Electronic: not a budget camera , used for over 10 years Panasonic HDC-SD80 , perfect budget camera, and it cost like $200 . I would say $300 + is not a budget camera. But from a point of view of an reach man yea $ 1K is budget camera.
  19. @FabioDiBenedetto-yt: 😀
  20. @abdulwahid-tn4qn: Just get the r50v

- Best OBS Studio Settings for RECORDING in 2026 (For Beginners): Kind: captions Language: en Every gamer wants their recordings to look perfect and clear. Problem is, the settings are confusing as heck. So, let me show you the exact OBS Studio settings to make your recordings look perfect. First, we'll go into OBS Studio, and then we'll go to the bottom right corner where it says settings. And then, we're going to skip over the general and skip over appearance and skip over stream cuz we don't need that. We're going to go directly to the output tab. Once you're on the output tab, we're going to change the output mode from simple to advanced. And that's going to give us more settings to access. Then we're going to change the streaming tab right here to the recording tab. And this is where the meat and potatoes really are going to hide. Now, I know this looks a little intimidating, but I'm going to explain it that anyone can understand, even your mom. First thing we got to worry about is the recording path. This is where all of your recordings are going to save on your computer. So, you can hit the browse button and choose a location that you want all of your recordings to go to. I will say you're going to want to pick an SSD or some kind of good solidstate drive because I tried recording directly on a crappy hard drive before and it basically stuttered the recordings and it was bad. So, pick a nice solid state drive to record this to and then if you want, you can transfer it over later. And then for the recording format, we're actually going to pick MKV. And you might be thinking, why the heck are we not using something like MP4? Well, MKV actually has a really useful feature. Whereas, if your recording gets stuttered or your power goes out or for whatever reason it just like loses the progress, then your recording file won't actually be corrupted. You're actually going to keep all of the recording that you had before that incident happened. Unlike if you're using like MP4 because that whole file is going to be MIA. And the neat thing is is if we actually go directly to the advanced tab here, we can scroll down to where it says recording and then we're going to choose automatically remix to MP4. So, what this will do after you enable it is when you end your recording, it's automatically going to give you the MKV file, which you can delete, and then it's going to automatically give you the MP4 file as well. So, that way you can safely record in MP4 without possibly losing your footage if the power goes out or some stupid thing happens. So, it's actually really helpful. So, highly recommend that. But, let's go back to the output tab and we're going to move on to the video encoder. A lot of people get confused on this, but really there's only two options. You have Nvidia NVC, which is people that have Nvidia cards like myself. So, you'll be using the Nvidia NVC H.264. But if you're an AMD user, you're just going to pick the AMD equivalent in your video encoder. It's that simple. And then if you don't have either of those options, then chances are your recordings are going to look pretty bad because you don't have a proper graphics card, and then you'll have to use x264, which is going to eat up a lot of your CPU, and your recordings are going to look really rough. So, would highly recommend against using x264 unless you absolutely have to. Just know you're probably going to run into issues. The audio encoder, we're going to use FFmpeg. Fun to say the audio track. This is actually really important and very helpful, but it is a little complex. So, I'm going to save this for the very end of the video. So, stick around to make sure that you use this cuz it's actually a super helpful feature in recordings. But, there's some other stuff we got to tackle before we do that. So, we're actually going to scroll down to where it says encoder settings. And if you remember the streaming tab, we use CBR on here. We're actually going to use CQP for the encoder rate control because it's going to be better for our recordings. And then for the CQ level, you can pick anything between 16 to 20. I prefer 17. It's right in the middle. But if you're experiencing issues, you can lower it to 16. Or if you want to go higher, then you can go all the way up to 20, but that might be a little overkill. Then the key frame interval, I have it at two. You could also have it at zero. You might see both in other videos, but either is really fine. The preset can be anywhere between P5 and P7. If you got a really good computer, I'd use P7. You got a really crap computer, I'd pick P5. You got somewhere between P6. You can also switch this up as you go in case you run into any issues just like the CQ level and the key frame interval if you need to. Then for the tuning multipass profile, all the rest of the stuff you can just copy high quality two passes high cycle visual tuning zero and two. It's really that simple. And then you can hit apply. And we'll move on to the audio tab at the very top. Not the one on the left, but at the top. Change all these bad boys to 320 to give you the best audio quality for all of them. And then we're going to move to the actual audio quality. But before we do that, quickly hit okay. Okay, if you're wondering where I got this starting soon screen, it's actually in my streamer starter pack which is linked in the description down below. So, feel free to check that out. We'll actually go back to the settings in the bottom right corner. Then, we'll go to the audio tab on the left. Make sure that you have your desktop audio selected. So, that's going to be your headphones or your speakers that your audio is coming out of for everything. And then pick your microphone from the first list here. I'm using the Road Pod Mic USB right there. Love this mic. Also linked in the description below. Simply hit apply. Make sure that goes in there. Then we'll go to the video tab and you're going to change your base canvas resolution to whatever game you're playing. I game at 1080p and my monitor is 1080p. So my base canvas resolution is 1080. And then for the output, you're going to want to change it to whatever you're going to record at. I want to record at 1080p 60 frames per second. And since these two numbers match here, we don't need a downscale filter. But if yours do not match, you're going to change this downscale filter to Lans Coast because it's going to give you the best quality. And then the common FPS value, we're going to pick 60 because I'm recording in 1080p 60 fps. Moving on to the next step, we got hotkeys in case you want to use any of these like start stop recording with if you have an extra key on your keyboard or you got a Stream Deck or something like that. But you can feel free to explore these on your own. And also make sure to drop a like on this video if it's been helpful so far so other streamers can find this video. So we can now hit okay. And these will give you beautiful settings for your recordings. But the last thing I wanted to touch on, if we go to the settings in the bottom right corner, click that. Go back to output recording and then the audio tracks. You can actually split your audio tracks. So you can split your game audio and your mic audio. So when you bring it into your video editor after, you can actually have more control over both. But I have an entire video covering that entire process which is right here to the side of me. So give that one a watch. My name is Cody and I will see you in the next

  Top Comments:
  1. @CpawsMusic [251 likes]: *UPDATE*: I Misspoke in the video. A LOWER CQ LEVEL will be BETTER QUALITY than a Higher CQ Level.
My bad yall! (They also renamed CQP to Constant QP now)
If your settings look different, you might have an AMD GPU - I'd recommend googling to see the comparable settings for your system

➡️ FREE STREAMER'S MASTERCLASS▹ https://go.cpawsmusic.com/masterclass
🎁 STREAMER STARTER PACK (50% OFF)▹ https://shop.cpawsmusic.com/StarterPack
  2. @paigecensale: When I do this, I am not using an external mic I am just using my computer for mic and audio -- I am primarily doing this to record FaceTime and phone calls, however the audio comes back really quiet, is there a way to fix this?
  3. @Zetrro: I subscribed btw don't even worry.
  4. @folafanta: use quick sync for intel
  5. @Gb-MC-games: what about your ssd not hard drive
  6. @50Pad: Thanks! I couldn't record good quality videos from my PlayStation 5, but these settings have changed everything and now the videos are of excellent quality.
  7. @inaneinacheve: This tutorial worked well, I approve it 👍
  8. @PhantomicPlayz: I ain't getting any kind of CQP in my PC😭😭HELP!
  9. @wadewilson5712: thanks for the video on doing setup , short to the point and easy to follow and unlike some other videos there is no loud music playing when your talking.
  10. @ThySpaceGuy: Thank you
  11. @RGholston: OBS is only recording the upper left part of my screen.
  12. @RenExist: 2:00 my graphics card is Nvidia but there is no option
  13. @xziahs: ik im late. but is there any reason i recorded for an hour and a half and somehow the file size is 70 gigabytes... how do i lower that without losing a TON of quality?
  14. @repentanceMeans2TurnAwayFrom: Brother.. my AMD 264 has worked perfect for months.. but all of the sudden I can't record unless I change to one  of the others on the list. 

Any suggestions?
  15. @overflow_salah: thanks for the video ❤
  16. @Gregor4526: Thank you so much 👍
  17. @OfficialEvox: yay
  18. @ReddEatCantonStories: THANK YOU
  19. @santi-ago: this was great I got the quality up, but there is a lot of freezing in my recording :P i think its just my pc lol
  20. @RepicGaming: Thank you for this video, now my video recordings quality are way better now and clean :)

- Meld Studio BEST Stream & Recording Settings (2026 Guide): Kind: captions Language: en Hey, what up YouTube? Welcome back to another video and I'm going to show you the best settings for Meld Studios. Um, if you guys don't know, there's a new software for streaming for YouTube or uh Twitch, Kick, any of the streaming platforms. Um, a lot of people are using either OBS, Streamlabs or Stream Elements to stream to those preferred uh platforms. But there is another new software called Melt Studios that was created by a streamer for streamers. Basically, very super easy to use. Um, it's still in beta and a lot of people are kind of switching from OBS to Mel. Um, I'm still on the fence on streaming on OBS and going to Meld, but if Mel Studios incorporates some of the features from OBS to Meld, hopefully in the future I will fully integrate over to Meld. Uh, but still I'm still on OBS, but sometimes I do like to go on Mel and stream from there just to keep it, you know, keep the flow going and also be up to date with the app. If you are using Meld, I'm going to show you the best settings for streaming and also recording in 2026. So, let's head over to Meld and I'll show you guys what to uh do. All right, guys. So, we are over here on Meld. It's a very userfriendly almost like stream elements, but it's a very very super um userfriendly interface for Meld. Um to get to the settings um over here behind my camera there is a settings um tab or you can go up to file and do preferences. Here is the settings and how to set up Melt Studios uh for vertical and horizontal orientations. Um so here's the best settings for 2026 right now. So, make sure your canvas is at 1080p. Um, if you do have a web um a monitor that goes up to 1440p or even a 4K monitor, you can do that, too. Um, I know it's a it's limited on OBS. Uh, unless you have the monitor, then you have the access to go to 1440p or 4K. But in Mel, it gives you the options. Um, I would just strictly stick with 1080p unless you have a 1440p monitor. Um, for frame rate, make sure it's always at 60 frames. Um, use the hardware encoder to get the best um, connection to Twitch and to any of the streaming softwares. Um, just like my other video for the best OBS settings, make sure your bit rate is at 6K, unless you are a partner on Twitch, then you can go up to 8K. Um, if you're not streaming on uh if if you're not streaming on Twitch and you're streaming on kick or if you're streaming on YouTube, you can go above 8K and get the better um bit rate and the better quality of a video for streaming if you're not on Twitch. Um, but if you are on Twitch, make sure just to cap it at six until you're at uh partner. Um, there is an option uh bas there is an option basically if you are um streaming vertical, you can set the vertical even though it says portrait, you can you you bas this is basically just vertical. Um, you can set that to whatever you want to do for vertical. If you're just strictly only doing vertical, basically uh for vertical uh for quality uh preset, make sure this is almost like if you go to OBS, uh you'll see like the P1, P2, P3, P4, P5, P6, P7. This is basically the same thing without the P um preset. So, whatever you're using on Twitch, you can use on Melt. So, if you're using like P5 or P6, just basically use the same thing here on Melt, uh, so the stream quality does not change or get even worse. Um, as always, if you do have a slow upload speed or not a very high-end um PC, you're using a very low PC or not a graphics card that's not really that great, I would suggest either going to standard or fast depending on your computer, your PC components basically. Uh, the audio, make sure just keep it at 160. You don't have to worry about it. Um here you can do multistreaming within the Meld Studio um platform. You don't have to download an extra software like Stream Elements or ADM to get like vertical and horizontal streaming and stuff like that. Um or even getting the multistream like options uh with ADOM or stream elements. Mel has multistreaming already integrated within their app. So, you don't even have to download extra stuff. It's already here. All you have to do is add an export um like an an output. So, if you have something that's different than Twitch, Kicker, YouTube, you can use the custom RT RTMP and just put in the stream key in the stream server and you'll have your own custom uh designated stream over there. Uh you see that I have multi-ream right here and you basically can just multiream over here um within the app. So you don't have to download extra stuff. For streaming or for recording, you can do basically the same thing. Um the same settings that you had over on OBS, you can bring that all the way over here to Meld. Um the cool thing is Mel has just integrated MP4 into their um recording, which is amazing. Before it was just uh MOOV, MKV, and LV. Um, but luckily they brought over MP4. So now you can record and make clips in MP4. Um, which is amazing. And then you have the also the option to either do your main canvas or portrait which is your vertical. Um, so you can record one or the other. Um, you can also uh do clips too. I can show you that also. Uh, for video bit rate, make sure it's always at 15K or anything higher. I know some people are like using 25K. Um, but just so you know, if you do go above 15,000 or 25,000, the higher the kilobyte, uh, the higher the kilobyte you use for recording, the bigger the side, uh, file size of that recording or that clip. Just so you know. uh don't make it to like 50,000 kilobits and that video or that uh clip is going to be super super large. It might be very great quality, but it's going to be a super big file and I would not do that. Um preset for your quality, make sure it's always on best or very uh very high uh to get the best quality as possible. your audio 160. Um, and then in clippings, this is how you do your clips. Um, so you basically can choose your length of your clips. They already have uh presets for 10 seconds, 30, 60, 90, and 120 seconds. Um, I know on OBS you can do whatever you want. I know here in Mel it only goes up to 120. Hopefully they um can change that and do it to whatever the person wants, but as of right now, you only get from between 10 seconds and 120 seconds uh clips. Uh you can enable the clip replay right here, which is awesome. You have your designated uh destination for your clippings also MP4 and then you can also change it between either your main canvas or your vertical um canvas basically uh for your clipping. So you can clip it either in just vertical or you can clip it in uh landscape and then you can edit it from there for like Tik Tok and shorts and Instagram and stuff like that. Um, if you do want me to show you other things, um, look out for or what is this or what is that like all the multiream recordings, the drop down in the description of if you want me to go in depth of what these things are, I can do that. Um, but right now we're just doing simple settings. Um, and we're going to find the best settings for you for 2026. You don't have to worry about anything else. So, this is basically the best settings for Melt Studios. If you guys do want me to go in depth of how to set up Melt Studios for your landscape and vertical stream, I can do that. Make sure to just drop it down in the description and I can show you how to stream um on both vertical and horizontal. And you can also use Mel Studios to stream to Tik Tok. Um, and if you guys want me to show you how to do that, I can do that too as well. Just let me know in the comments and I can make that video very, you know, very easy for you. As always, I'll see you guys in the next video. Goodbye. >> [music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @mrblancotv [1 likes]: Great video
  2. @neraymassam [1 likes]: Is it possible to window screen using it? Like to be able to record a specific Chrome tab? Thank you for the video
  3. @jcrypt5643 [1 likes]: I cannot install it in windows 10 ltsc. Is there a tutorial to install it without microsoft store?
  4. @forxon7664 [1 likes]: Isn’t 6000 bitrate not enough for 1080p 60 fps in a game like call of duty or Fortnite… The stream comes out looking like it’s 480p anytime there’s is big movement
  5. @Evelyn-Jade: how do i delete my meld account?
this ai crap was not what i was expecting
  6. @DanManeXP: Used Meld to stream today and it mistakenly took my test Private stream I am sure there many ways to sort it I also saw it takes the vertical as primary instead of my horizontal
  7. @ImWyvern1: :chillwcat:❤
  8. @iceteevideos3599: Your video is too soft
  9. @arcangel1123gaming: thank you
  10. @ThalieTheWitch: Meld studio is suck . no compatibility for asus CU4K30
  11. @MrWhiltetail: I really wish I could watch your video's but even with my laptop volume maxed and turning off the TV so it's dead quiet in here I can BARELY here you. I checked another of your video's on OBS settings and the same thing. I just can't hear you. This has to be hurting your channel.
  12. @AquinasLinux: foss or not?

- The Best OBS Settings for Streaming & Recording: Kind: captions Language: en what's going on everyone my name is B Paula from Pipeline and I'm going to be showing you guys the best settings for OBS for recording and streaming let's go ahead and dive right into it now assuming you guys have OBS already installed we're going to head over to the file up in the top left hand corner and then we're going to go to settings then we're gonna go to the stream tab on the left hand side and then we're going to go over to services this is going to be where you can pick whatever streaming service you use and you can log into your account this will automatically go ahead and put in your stream key so I have to worry about that if you don't have a login or you're streaming on a platform that doesn't allow logging in just find the stream key and then make sure you connect it to the account once your account is connected let's go ahead and head over to the output now once we head over to Output we're actually going to have an output mode we're going to go ahead and stick with Advanced over simple because Advanced gives you more fine tuning so we can get the best quality out of our system now for the audio track we want to go ahead and just leave it at one and then for the twitch VOD track just leave that unchecked now when it comes down to the encoder this is really going to depend on what graphics cards you have if you have a graphics card that is 1660 TI and above you then have what's called The End Bank encoder built into your graphics card this will actually allow a portion of the graphics card that is sectioned off to encode Whatever video Source you're using in the streaming one if you don't have an Nvidia graphics card that supports nvank don't worry about it Russian be going over x264 which is software encoding right after this now for rescale output we're actually going to leave this alone because we're actually going to changes in a different tab the session will be changed in video tabs so leave this unchecked for now now once we come down to the actual rate control we want to leave this at CBR which stands for constant bit rate reason why this is important is because if we keep it a consistent bit rate it means our quality will not fluctuate now for bitrate we're going to need two different values find these two values the first thing you want to do is to do a speed test speed test is actually going to tell you what your upload speed is going to be for instance if you have a 10 megabit upload speed that means you can utilize up to 10 000 kilobit per second or a bit rate now the second value is going to be what your actual platform supports for a maximum bit rate for instance twitch actually allows up to a 6 000 kilobit a second bit rate so that means you can only set your value up to six thousand so assuming you're able to meet that criteria let's go ahead and use 6000 bitrate now that we set our very Rush going to go down to the keyframe intervals here we're going to leave this at two and basically what this does it means that every single second frame is then being encoded by the computer now if you set this any lower it's going to decrease the actual quality of the image and if you set this higher it will then start to chew through your system resources so leave this at two it's definitely The Sweet Spot for this one now we're going to go down to preset and for preset this is basically how fast we want to encode our image the faster we encode the image the worse the quality is going to be but the less system resources we will use and then the slower we actually encode it we are going to use more system resources but the better the image will look for this you definitely want to find a happy medium I find that slow works perfectly fine for me so let's go ahead and pick five and then we come down to tuning we actually want to set this to high quality the reason why is because we want to have a high quality image versus a low latency delivery so if we have a lower latency delivery the image might not be as clear when we're sending it up to the streaming platform now we're going to come down to multi-pass mode essentially what this is is how many times the encoder is going to go over the image if we do a single pass it's going to decrease the quality of that image if we do a two pass at Full Resolution it is going to weigh heavily on our system resources so we want to go ahead and put that a two pass with quarter resolution to get the best look out of it now when you come down to profile we actually to set this to high and the reason why is going to use the most efficient compression for whenever you are live streaming your videos and or recording so we come down to look ahead we actually want to go ahead and leave this unchecked because if we do check it is then going to use the maximum amount of GPU resources that it can which we want to be able to limit it in the max speed frames down here so leave that unchecked for now then once we come down to Psycho visual tuning this is actually going to help with high movement encoding so if you play any video game it's going to have high movement so you want to make sure we have this checked then we're going to come down to GPU and we're going to set that to zero essentially this is only if you're running an SLI configuration on your system then we're going to go ahead down to Max B frames we're going to leave this at two if we use this any higher it's going to start utilizing your bit rate which then will leave less room for the actual upload which decreases the quality of your image then if you don't have a GPU that supports nbank let's go ahead and change the actual encoder settings to x264 you're going to see a lot of similar settings that we actually went over so again for rate control we want constant bit rate and then we're going to go ahead and change the bitrate to 6000 run our keyframe intervals back to two we're gonna use medium again this is your encoding speed so go ahead and use medium and then for your profile we want the best compression so we're going to use high and then that's it you can hit apply and hit OK and this is going to be the best settings for your software encoding now once we're done setting our settings we're actually going to go ahead over to the audio tab right up here now with audio bitrate you can just leave it at 160 as it has a minimal impact if you are streaming on Twitch you do have the option to go up to 320 for the bitrate now let's say you might be having some trouble streaming at 1080P or you play a game like Apex where it's a lot of movement and you want to go ahead and decrease the resolution we're going to jump over to the video tab on the left hand side and this is where we can actually do that make sure you do not touch your base canvas as you always want to have it as 1080P or whatever your regular resolution is the output scale you want to go ahead and use this to downscale your resolution so if I want to stream in 720 then I would actually go down all the way to 720. now when you say your output resolution to a low resolution you actually have this downscale filter you can either go with buy cubic or lancos I just prefer to use by cubic as it is a standard compression and gives you really good quality for what you're doing and then for FPS we want to go ahead and Stream in 60fps as most video games in most streams are 60fps and then once you set that value you're done you can come down here and hit apply and okay now you're ready to stream if you guys have any questions or if you want to let us know how these settings worked out for you make sure you guys leave in the comment section down below and if you guys like that video be sure to watch our next one also if you guys want to join Pipeline and learn how you can become a full-time content creator and get access to a bunch of tools tips and also mentorships make sure you guys check out the link in the description below and we'll see you inside once again my name is B Paula from pipeline make sure you guys go create something awesome

  Top Comments:
  1. @acetrainervance7343 [2 likes]: This was all streaming what happened to recording settings?
  2. @PeteEdmunds [1 likes]: Where are the record settings as per title ?
  3. @Pizzeriaunit [1 likes]: what version of obs
  4. @zenosfire [1 likes]: Fantastic vid, it really helped me out a ton. Thank you for actually explaining the settings and why you want to keep it at those settings!
  5. @carreraluu [1 likes]: This man has fios super fast internet wow. Change your Title for NVDIA setup. AMD cards now work in OBS.
  6. @EnigmaGames96 [1 likes]: Hi, this video's really helpfull! I have one question, I have a 2k monitor and on "base (Canvas) resolution" I've set it to 1920x1080, Is that a problem in terms of quality at the end of recording? Like if recording that vod, that setting can have a negative impact on the final product?
  7. @AzulejoCA [1 likes]: thx team <3
  8. @dixieland_4_life906: What should I do if it says my encoder is overloaded?
  9. @TitoMikeGamingHub: I hope you return on making videos. You videos helped me making my streaming.
  10. @seven-dh3vw: i loved the guide man it helped me alot snice you went into detail about what it did it helped me get it right for my pc thanks man
  11. @code-zita8321: please, how you can make curved border to your camera in your video in obs ?
  12. @keef_Lord: Just got my computer so now this is what I need🫡🫡
  13. @Ssan6961: Why did my obs didn't show the recordings? It's just pitch black, the audio is still there though
  14. @EverlostXP: 2 things best settings for competitive shooters. And what bloatware to get rid of to help performance.

- The BEST YouTube AND Instagram Gear for 2025 (Camera, Audio, Lighting, and more!): Kind: captions Language: en Another year calls for an updated equipment video. In today's video, I'm going to show you the gear that I've been using for my sitdown YouTube videos, my desktop setup, my short form content, my vlogs, and also bonus, what I've been using to take these photos for Instagram. Because so many of you guys have been commenting asking me what I'm using. So, I'm going to put you on. Now, if you're familiar with me, you know that I am not a tech bro. If I have to spend more than 5 minutes figuring out equipment, I do not want it. At the same time, I am someone who does value quality and staying up todate to a certain degree. And clearly, I'm doing something right because we are so close to a million subscribers here on YouTube. So, if you are like me and you want highquality videos, highquality content without the complicated side of tech and you want simple gear that actually works, then keep on watching because we are going to talk about my sit down YouTube videos first. So, this is my trusty Sony ZV10. I do have the older version. There is a new version out now, but personally, I didn't think that it was worth upgrading. But if you are someone who is thinking of getting a brand new camera, you don't currently have this one, then definitely future proof yourself and get the new one. But regardless, there are five reasons why I will always recommend this camera to anyone who's thinking of starting YouTube, or even if you're a more advanced creator, but you want tech that doesn't cause you headache. The first reason being that it is a Sony camera. I have tried Canon. I've tried Panasonic. I've tried DJI. I've tried Instigo 360. I've tried Fuji. And nothing beats autofocus on Sony cameras. I can always rely on the fact that I will not be blurry. And this is so important, especially when you're filming videos. Second reason, which is not unique to the ZV10 because most newer Sony cameras have this feature, is being able to film in intelligent auto. So many of you guys ask me what my camera settings are, whether or not I color grade. Girl, I don't even know how to color grade. I don't even know what an ISO is or shutter speed is. Okay. And so being able to film in intelligent auto has been gamechanging because what it does is it will automatically detect whether or not I'm outside, inside, what the lighting is, whether I'm filming myself, other people or a product, and it will automatically do the settings for me so that all I have to do is hit record and film my video and trust that it's going to be bomb.com quality. Most of my videos are all filmed in intelligent auto and it is absolutely life-changing. Next reason is the Sony ZV10 is incredibly lightweight. Now, I have spent double the amount on cameras that have more features, but I will still always use the Sony ZV10 because it is small. It's literally smaller than my hand, but big enough for me to see myself. It's light enough for me to put in my purse, to put around my wrist, to not feel any strain when I'm trying to maneuver the camera. It doesn't cause my cheaper tripods to topple over, and so this is just the perfect size for me personally. Now, speaking of more expensive cameras, this is my Sony a6400. It was way more expensive than the ZV10 back when I bought this. And to this day, it is still more expensive than the ZV10 because it's technically got better features or more features or something like that. But the reason why I don't like this camera is for two reasons. Number one, it's heavier, but also I didn't realize how much I hated this type of flip screen until I got this camera. Because when I add a microphone or receiver on top, I just can't see myself. Whereas with the ZV10, the screen is on the side. And so whenever I put anything here, I can still see myself and it doesn't obstruct my view. Now, the last reason why I love the Sony ZV10 specifically is even though it is so light and compact, it's still a mirrorless camera, which allows me to change out the lens. And something that I want everybody to know is the body of your camera doesn't necessarily always dictate the vibe of your video. Yes, as long as your body can support 4K filming, has great autofocus, I feel like that's all you really need. maybe like good lighting settings maybe or intelligent auto like those type of things is because of the body of the camera. But in terms of the depth that you see in the video, the amount of blur that you see in the background, that's all dictated by the lens. And that's exactly why I don't necessarily use my Osmo Pocket 3 to film all of my videos because sometimes I want to have that signature YouTube look where there's bokeh, there's blurry backgrounds, and there's just that depth. And so that's really all because of the lenses that I'm using. So let me share the lenses that I have. So, I've got three Sony lenses that I rotate between. The first one is the kit lens that comes with the Sony ZV10. It's a 50mm lens. I've also got an 11 mm wide angled lens. And then I've also got this big Sigma 16mm f1.4 lens. Now, let's first talk about the lens that comes with the Sony ZV10, which is this 50mm pancake lens. Now, when I first saw this lens and I used it, I absolutely hated it. And the reason why is because when I filmed videos with it, I noticed that it was very like cropped in and it was very zoomed in on my face and it just wasn't a flattering angle. And so that's why I ended up getting this 11 mm lens, which I'll talk about later. But turns out it wasn't the lens's issue. It was the fact that I had a certain setting that was turned on. So if you have this lens and you notice that it's very cropped to your face, just go to your settings and make sure that steadyshot is either set to standard or turned off completely. Don't have it on active mode. if you do not like that cropped look. As you can see here, there is a huge difference when steadyshot mode is active. And so, ever since changing the setting, this lens went from being the lens that I never use to the lens that I use the most now because it is so small compared to my other lenses. And it's almost like the perfect depth for me for most of my videos. It's also not too heavy, so when I have it on a cheaper tripod, it doesn't fall over. Now, because back then I didn't know I had a settings issue, I ended up getting this 11 millimeter wide-angled lens because I just wanted to open up the space and allow people to see more of my background. Now, this lens I still use quite often. I specifically love using it when I'm filming tutorials at my desk and I know that I'm going to have a screen share tutorial somewhere or I'm going to have a lot of graphics showing up on the screen. I want to create more space to add those graphics in my videos. Or let's say if you're filming in a very tight space and you want to open up and enlarge the space, this is the perfect lens for that. Or let's say if you want to vlog with the ZV10, this is also a perfect solution for that as well. Then the last lens that I have is this Sigma 16mm f1.4 lens. This is the lens if you do want to have that blurry background effect that is so signature to OG YouTube videos. The only downside of this lens is that it is incredibly heavy, which is why I feel like it's not the most compatible with the Sony ZV10 because it's almost heavier than the actual camera body itself. And so, if you have a cheaper tripod, your camera will kind of topple over. So, you definitely want a sturdier tripod if you're going to combine the ZV10 with the Sigma 16mm f1.4 lens. And if you're thinking of buying this lens, you want to make sure you get the E-mount version so that it's compatible with your Sony camera. Now, right now, I'm filming on the Sony ZV10 using the kit lens on intelligent auto with regular daylight lighting. So, you guys can see the difference and see whether or not you like this vibe. But anyways, the next thing I want to talk about is the microphones that I've been using for pretty much all different platforms, all different cameras. This is the best microphone that I have found so far, and it is the DJI Mic Mini. It has me in a chokeold. The reason why is for three reasons. Number one is that it's very lightweight. I have found that using, let's say, the Road Wireless Go, it's just way too bulky. It's an eyes sore. It's heavy. So, when I'm wearing a cardigan or a lighter shirt, it just makes my shirts topple over and it makes me very uncomfortable with filming. Whereas, with the DJI Mic Mini, I'm able to just clip it on my shirt like I am right here, or use a magnet and put it anywhere in my body. And the reason why I have switched to using lav mics, even though back then I used shotgun mics and I was a huge shotgun mic fan, is over time as my content got more sophisticated, as I started vlogging more, it became more important for me for my microphone to catch my voice anywhere I am in my room. Like right now, I'm not even on camera, but you can still hear my voice. And I just love that reliability. Now, the second reason why I love this microphone is it's just easy to use. I plug it into my camera, I turn it on. I have never had to change a single setting and I personally find that the audio quality is perfect. And then finally, the last and main reason why the DJI Mic Mini has entered goat status for me is because of the multi-purpose usage of it. Not only does this microphone automatically connect to my DJI Osmo Pocket 3 via Bluetooth, but I can also plug in the receiver on my Sony ZV10 and use it for YouTube videos like I am right now. But beyond that, because I got the lightning adapter, because I have an older iPhone, I'm able to plug it into my iPhone and use this microphone for voiceovers or just for a microphone for my iPhone in general. And then lastly, I recently found out that I can also plug the receiver in to my computer and use this microphone for video calls, screen shares, meetings, anything related to using my MacBook or my desktop. I'm able to use this microphone, too. So, I'm actually going to replace my Sure SM7B because I actually think it's quite an eyes sore on my desk. And I don't really take that many meetings anymore. And so, I love the fact that with the DJI Mic Mini, I'm able to plug it into my computer and use it as a microphone like that. Now, let's talk about the other accessories that I use for my sit down YouTube videos, and that is the dummy battery. This has also entered goat status for me. You will not see an equipment video where I do not talk about the dummy battery. It's especially helpful when I'm filming sitdown videos that take me anywhere between an hour to four hours to film. It's basically a battery that you can put in your Sony camera, plug it into the wall, and it'll make sure that your camera is always running so it does not die midway through. Also, you do not need a Sony camera in order to have a dummy battery. Just go on Amazon, search up the model of your camera, then the keyword dummy battery, and then there should be a dummy battery that works for you. Now, sometimes a dummy battery doesn't always make sense, especially if you want more range of motion, you want to hold your camera, walk around your house, or you don't have access to an outlet. So, the next thing I recommend is always having spare batteries on hand. I got this on Amazon. I will link every single thing that I've mentioned in this video in my description box. Now, what's worse than your camera dying midway through filming is running out of storage. So, I highly recommend that you get at least 256 GB for your SD card. Personally, I like using micro SD cards like this because it's more compatible with more cameras. So, this can be used for your DJs Pocket. It can be used for your Sony camera. But, at minimum, try to get 256 GB. I know in the short term, you feel like you're saving money if you're getting a 16 GB SD card, but you will run of storage really quickly. And over time, you're going to have to buy more and more SD cards anyways. I also recommend that whatever SD card you're getting, it can film in 4K because a lot of the cheaper ones don't. So, we're back to filming on the Osmo Pocket, but I want to show you my tripod. This is different from the tripod that I was using last year. It's still a newer tripod. This is the newer N284 Plus Go. It's still very sturdy, so every time I touch my camera, my camera's not going to shake. It's very long, has a lot of different adjustable heights, and also it's got a 360 ball head, so I can film vertical content as well. But what's different about this tripod than the one I was using last year, and this is a standout feature, is the fact that when I bring it up like this, I click this button, I'm now able to film in multi-angle. This is perfect for when I'm doing over- the head shots or let's say I'm filming at my desk and I want the camera to be a lot closer to me, but my tripod doesn't necessarily fit on my desk. I can easily use this tripod to get closer to me so that it's more intimate. I also love the fact that this is completely adjustable, so it can be as close or as far as I want to. It has a 360deree motion like this. And because the tripod can go really high, I'm able to get pretty good overhead shots, especially when I'm trying to film drink content or let's say I want to show my workflow. Not to mention, I actually love this tripod so much to the point where I got an attachment for my iPhone. This has been very helpful for my short form content as well, which I will talk about later in this video. Next, let's talk lighting. This is my Amaran 100X mounted on a 9- FFT lighting stand with a softbox lantern attached to it. Now, there are three reasons why I love my lighting setup. Number one, it's very plug-andplay. I just plug it in and with the Amaran 100X, I can adjust the brightness level and the warmth level of my light. Next, because of the lighting stand, it's height adjustable. So, as you can see, it can be as tall or as short as I want it to. And I promise this looks huge compared to me, but it's actually not that big in comparison to my actual office. And I'll show you in a few clips kind of for size comparison. The last reason why I love this light is because this softbox diffuses light evenly. And so you're going to get more of that natural look. It's not going to look harsh. You're not going to have those shadows. And in comparison to other setups that I've seen, especially the ones that the tech bros have, it just takes up so much space. And I still want my office to be my office. And so I love that this is just a singular stand and I can kind of tuck it away in the corner, let's say, rather than have my entire office being a YouTube studio. So just as a quick lighting demo, I'm going to show you what it looks like. So as you can see right here, it's a bit glooier. The sun's setting. It's not that great, but let me turn on the light and you can see the difference. It basically lights up the entire room and it's not too harsh of lighting. Yeah, obviously you might be able to tell that I'm using artificial light, but it's not harsh, which I like. It's very natural still. Now, on the topic of YouTube, I often do a lot of screen share tutorials. I also do a lot of virtual meetings and virtual presentations. So, I want to show you my desktop setup. But first, let's switch to the 11 mm lens because you can't see much right now with the kit lens. Now, isn't this so much better? All I did was change the lens. I didn't change the distance of the camera or where I'm standing. And now you can see so much more of my office space. This is my desktop. And if you watched my equipment video from last year, you'll notice that there was so much more clutter on this side. And it's because I was using my Sony a6400 as my webcam. But because of that, I needed to have a lot of wires, a lot of mounts. And over time, it just became such an eyesore. And I realized that I do not want my office to look like a YouTube studio. I want my office to look like an actual office, to be aesthetic, to be a place where I feel peace and productivity. And just having so much gear on my desk just was not the vibe. And so what I did was I downsized to using my Osmo Pocket 3 as a webcam. But there were two problems. Number one, it does not film in 4K when it's used as a webcam or when it's plugged into your computer. Second, because I vlog and I'm using my vlogging camera as my webcam, I now can't vlog the meetings that I'm in. And it was really annoying. And so, literally, I cannot make this up. I manifested this webcam that I'm going to talk to you about from Obspot, who agreed to sponsor this video. I was literally going to buy this webcam myself, but then they reached out. It was just perfect timing. So, I have to talk to you about the Tiny 2 webcam. It's a webcam that can film up to 4K 30 frames per second, is a gimbal, has AI tracking features, hands-free control, and super fast autofocus, and so many more features that I didn't even know I needed in a webcam. So, let me show you how it works. So, there is nothing complicated with the Obspot Tiny 2. All you have to do is plug it in with a USBC cable. They will give you one and they also give you this handy stand that attaches by magnet and you can easily just put it on the top of your desktop computer or you can put it on your MacBook. At the bottom of the webcam, there is a screw head if you ever want to put it on a tripod or you can lay it flat on your desk if you like. So, right now I'm filming on the Tiny 2 and I was really impressed by the image quality, especially for a webcam. And this is because it's got a higher CMOS sensor compared to other webcams on the market. What this basically means, it's going to have better autofocus, better image quality, and it's going to perform better under low light situations. I've also found because my desk doesn't face the window, it actually faces a wall, and usually I have a ton of backlight coming through and it's not very flattering compared to other webcams I've used without any additional lighting. I do find that the quality on the Tiny 2 is quite impressive. And just so you guys can compare without the window backlight, this is what the quality looks like. I don't have any artificial lighting. I just have you guys on a tripod on my desk. But I could literally film full-blown YouTube videos with this webcam. Now, beyond the really impressive image quality, it's also very similar to the Osmo Pocket where it's got tracking and can follow me around my office, but it's better than that because they have so many more options. For example, they have an upper body option where if I get up from my desk and I want to show you around, but I don't want the focus to be on my full body. This is perfect if you're doing presentations or webinars or anything like that and as you get closer to your webcam, it's just going to automatically adjust itself. And opposite to upper body, they also have a lower body as well. So, let's give it a go. As you can see, this can be very helpful if, let's say, you're a dancer, you do educational videos for dance, and you're trying to show off a certain move. And for you fashion creators out there, there is also a headless option where it's going to show everything except my head. So, this is perfect if you're trying to show off your fits or whatever you're wearing really. And then finally, here is the close-up option. It's very similar to the upper body option, except it's really trying to zone in on my actual face. And just to show you, it is a 360 gimbal. I can basically walk anywhere in my office and it's going to follow me around. So, you can kind of see it has way more features or at least tracking features than the DJI Osmo Pocket. And as I get closer to the camera, it just auto adjusts, which I really appreciate. Now, in addition to the cool AI tracking features, there's also gesture control. So, if I put my hands out like this and then I pull outwards, it's going to zoom in. Opposite to that, I can pinch inwards and then it's going to zoom out. I can also just put one hand up and then it's going to zoom in and then I could put the other hand out and then it's going to zoom out. This is going to be so fun when you live stream and let's say I'm sitting over here on my couch and I'm trying to yap with you guys, but you guys are just far away. All I have to do is literally pull you guys inwards. And if I'm not happy with that, I can pull you guys inwards even more. I cannot wait to live stream with this camera. It's going to be so much fun. Now, there are so many other features that the Tiny 2 has to offer. So, check out the OSbot website to learn more, but also look at the other cameras that they have. They even launched the new Meat SE which has a lot of the features that I mentioned in this video, but also at a very, very affordable price point. I think it's actually the most budget friendly webcam that they've launched to date. And not only is the Mi SC super cute, but it's also got AI autoframing such as close-up mode, upper body mode, and even a group mode. But it's also got the same gesture controls that I mentioned with the Tiny 2, and it can film up to 1080p at 100 frames per second. Now, regardless of which webcam you choose, OBS did give me a discount code for you guys. So, check it out in the link in my description box or in my comment section below. But make sure you check it out soon because the discount code does expire on May 31st. Now that we've talked about my webcam, let's talk about the rest of my desktop. I am filming on my iPhone 14 Pro Max at 0.5 zoom at 4K 60 frames per second. Back camera. So, earlier I introduced you to my DJI Mic Mini. When it comes to filming tutorials, I typically use this microphone. So, I'll take out the receiver. It comes with a USBC adapter. And all I have to do is just put it in. And in my Mac Studio, I will just plug the receiver inside like so. And it'll automatically connect with my microphone. So now, because the receiver is connected to my computer, whenever I'm filming screen share tutorials, it'll automatically pick up this mic. Now, I do have another microphone that's on my desk, and this is the Shure SM7B. It's on an Elgato arm. I really like this arm if you're looking for a good microphone stand. The reason why I don't necessarily recommend this microphone to everyone is because it is an XLR mic. XLR mics are a lot more complicated to set up. It requires a lot more equipment to power unlike USB microphones where you just plug it in and you can use it right away. And so that's why I don't necessarily recommend this. And even myself, I would I don't know how to set it up. Leon set it up for me. But if you do want to learn how to set up a microphone like this, I did film an in-depth tutorial in last year's equipment video that you can reference. But even for me lately, when I am filming screen share tutorials, I find myself using my DJI Mic Mini a lot more. The only downside with using the DJI Mic Mini is it does need to be charged up, whereas this one is always charged because it's pretty much plugged to a wall. Also, if you are interested in a full office tour, the furniture that I'm using, all the other stuff, then let me know in the comment section below. Now, in this segment, we are going to talk about my vlogging gear. And I am filming this on the Tiny 2 webcam. Throughout this video, I've been switching up the different cameras that I'm using to show you guys what these cameras actually look like if you're filming a real YouTube video. And then you can make a decision on which one you like best. But anyways, let's talk about my vlogging gear. Starting with the Pocket 3. Now, I've mentioned this camera throughout the video, good things and bad things. One thing that you have to know about this camera is that it may not be the best quality, which again is why I use this camera for most of my sitdown videos, but you cannot deny that this camera makes it so easy to vlog. Like, imagine vlogging with this camera. I've done it before, and that's why I hated vlogging for years. This is heavy. This feels awkward. It doesn't fit in my purse. It's not like super user friendly. Whereas something like this is so lightweight, so discreet. I no longer feel awkward vlogging in public. And this is the camera that jumpst started my appreciation for vlogging and it made me more comfortable with vlogging in general. And the thing is is throughout my years of being a creator, I've learned the hard way that it's less about having a camera that's the most expensive and has the most features and it's more about finding a camera that you feel the most comfortable using because whatever you feel most comfortable to film with is the videos that you'll actually make and post. But anyways, when it comes to making the most of my Pocket 3, I highly recommend getting the Creator Combo. I do have a dedicated video about the Creator Combo and all the accessories that I have for the DJISMO Pocket 3, but I want to just cover the top ones that I use the most in this video. So, the first one is the battery pack that it comes with in the creator combo. If you're going to vlog, you're going to run out of batteries really quickly. So, this is a lifesaver. I also use the wide-angled lens a lot when I travel or vlog outside, especially. I don't want the focal point to be my face. I want people to see my environment and sometimes I feel like my arms are really short. So, I definitely need this lens. And then finally, the microphone that comes with the creator combo. Now, you might be surprised because I am ride or die for my new DJI Mic Mini. But the reason why I still use this microphone a lot, especially when I'm vlogging outdoors, is because I have this Oolanszi cage around my Osmo Pocket whenever I vlog outside. And this is by far my favorite accessory. On this side of this cage, there is a slider here for extra attachments, but I found it to be the perfect fit to put in the microphone. So, now my microphone is with me at all times. I don't find that it falls off. And then in the back, there's also a screw head where you can also add an attachment. For me, I've added a sticky attachment that I got from my Instigo 360, which is a camera I do not use, but I really do like this attachment because I can basically stick my Osmo Pocket onto virtually anything. There are also other attachments like a magnetic attachment that you can put on it as well. And then on the back of the Ulanzi cage, you can also add a wrist strap. This has been gamechanging for me, especially when I am out and about vlogging. Now, I recently found out that with the Osmo Pocket itself, you can already add a wrist attachment. So, if you only want to add a wrist attachment, you don't really need to have the Ulanzi cage, but I do find it helpful to put in my microphone and an extra attachment in the back. It does add a little extra weight to your Osmo Pocket, which is why I only really use it when I'm traveling or vlogging outdoors. Now, speaking of travel, one of the best accessories that I ever got for my Osmo was this small rig. So, I'm able to maneuver this rig however I want. I can attach it to virtually anything. For example, I've put it in cars, planes, suitcases. You can get really cool shots with this. But also, you don't always need a tripod and you can use this instead. And then speaking of tripod, even though the Creator Combo does come with this little attachment here, I've never really enjoyed using it because it makes my Osmo longer than it needs to be. And so instead, I got this cheap silicone stand that allows my Osmo to stand on virtually any flat surface. Next, if I'm not using my wide-angled lens, I do like using this ND filter that I got. Now, a lot of people roasted me in my last Osmo video saying that I was using this lens wrong because I was using it indoors. And ND filters are meant to be sunglasses for your camera. So, when you're outdoors, you can reduce the glare and increase the image quality. But personally, I actually like using this indoors. I don't care what you think because it allows me to almost like adjust the exposure in a way. So, I definitely do love using the ND filter even though I'm not technically using it properly. Finally, the next accessory that I use a lot is this Sunny Life case for my Osmo. It just basically protects it. I mainly use this when I know I'm not going to be vlogging all day and I know most of the time my Osmo is going to be in my purse and I want to make sure that I'm not scratching my Osmo and I'm protecting it. Now, even though I use the Pocket 3 for vlogging, it doesn't mean that all of my footage is filmed with this Pocket 3. If anything, there is a lot of footage that I take with my iPhone. This is the iPhone 14 Pro Max. I don't really like it because it's so heavy and I cannot wait to upgrade, but other than that, I use the back camera quite a bit for my vlogs. I film specifically in 4K 60 frames per second and you can adjust that within your settings. Now, some of you always ask me, if I already have a good iPhone, why use the Pocket 3? Well, I like to keep things separate and sometimes with vlogging it takes up a lot of footage and I prefer to have all of that footage in a separate SD card rather than taking up space on my iPhone. Finally, a really fun accessory I have for vlogging are my Meta Ray-B bands. I have the transitional lens, so it's going to be clear indoors, but when I go outdoors, it turns into sunglasses, and I can easily film videos using the sunglasses. So, right now, I'm filming, you can tell, because the lights are blinking, and I'm showing my point of view. Now, this is really helpful for me specifically for Super Boba because I'll be in a lot of supplier meetings and I don't want them to feel awkward with my camera in front of them. So, I'll film that point of view or let's say if I'm packing orders, I'm able to get that point of view as well. [Music] Now, here we are with another camera change. I'm using the Sony ZV10 with my Sigma 16mm lens in front of a window. I'm not using any artificial lighting. It is quite dark in my office. It's almost like 7:30 right now. That's just so you guys get a demo. And as I get closer, you can see that really nice blurry background effect. Now, even though I've been changing the cameras throughout this entire video, the one constant is the microphone. So, I am still using the DJI Mic Mini. But anyways, in this segment, let's talk all things short form content. Now, this is an area where I've had to do a lot more content in, especially since starting my business, Super Boba, which requires a lot more UGC style content and a lot of drink style content. And the one accessory that I love so much is this moth stand right here. Now, basically, it attaches to your phone via MagSafe. And if you actually pull this down, it becomes a little tripod. And what I love about it is the fact that there are so many different angles that you can do. And this has been so helpful when doing beverage content. You can also do cool overhead shots with the MAF as well because the Mag Safe is pretty sturdy. You just want to make sure that you have something heavy that's weighing it down. Now, on the topic of tripods, earlier in this video, I talked about my newer tripod and the attachment that I bought for it in order to put my iPhone. And that one has been phenomenal for me, especially for my niche, which is making drink content, because it gives me really nice overhead shots. With this attachment, you can also do like a 360 spin on your iPhone, so you can get whatever angle you want. And it can also fit any iPhone of any size as well because it is adjustable. Now, one thing to know about the newer tripod is it is very heavy duty and can be kind of overkill if you don't also do YouTube videos. So, the other tripod that I have is the UB size one. I have three of these around my house. And it's not because there's anything special about this tripod. It's only the fact that it's been reliable for me. It's never broken. And I like it because I can also remove this attachment and put almost any camera on top as long as it's not too heavy. For instance, I put my DJI Osmo Pocket on it and also my Sony ZV10. Now, I also have the Yukos tripod that a lot of UGC creators rave about. That one is good, too. It's just a lot more lightweight and I think it has more variety when it comes to the different angles that you have. That tripod I leave in my car. And if there's anything you should know about being a full-time creator is you can never have too many tripods and too many SD cards. And finally, when it comes to filming the actual content, the cameras that I use are primarily my iPhone 14 Pro Max, either the back camera or the front camera. For more of my higher production videos, I will use my Sony ZV10. Now, when it comes to the iPhone though, I do film in my back camera at 4K 60 frames per second and also the front camera, too. But if I need that extra boost for lighting, I do have this newer light that I recently purchased that I've been really enjoying. So, how it works is I'm going to attach it to my phone. And because there's a hole right here, it's not going to block my selfie camera. And as a demo, you can see the lighting is not that bad. But then when I turn on the newer light, it kind of makes it a little bit better. Now, again, this does depend on where you're filming, the angle, and everything. And you can also change the angle here. I find this to be really helpful if you are a beauty creator or you live somewhere that's really gloomy most of the time. I do feel like it makes a really big difference. So, for instance, this is the light on and then this is the light off. Light on, light off. You be the judge if you think this is worth it. Now, with this light, you can also attach it to the back camera as well. And so, let me show you what that looks like. So, right now, I'm filming in 0.5 with regular lighting in front of my window without the newer light. So, let's turn on the newer light and see what you think. Now, there are buttons on top right here. So, I can increase the brightness or I can decrease it. And I can also adjust the angle as well. Now, obviously, I can't see myself right now, so I don't know if it looks good or not, but you be the judge if you think that this light is worth it. Now, it is a brand new day today. It is almost 12:30 p.m. with tons of natural light. I'm using the Sony ZV10 with my kit lens. But in this segment, I do want to talk about what I've been using to take my Instagram photos. So many of you guys ask me how I edit my photos, and the truth is I didn't edit a single one of them. It actually came straight from my Fuji camera. Now, this is the Fuji X1006, but you do not need the X1006 to get this look. You just need a Fuji camera. I learned that what makes Fuji cameras really special are their built-in film simulations, which basically act as a filter for your photos. But on top of that, you can also program specific recipes. What recipes are are the exact settings that you need to get a certain look. and on social media, whether you're on Tik Tok or Instagram or in the Fuji community, there's tons of people that are sharing their recipes. It's basically an instruction manual with the exact settings you need to program into your Fuji camera to get a certain look and feel. So, as an example, all these photos right here, I use the summer chrome recipe. I actually found this recipe over on Tik Tok and what I did was I took the exact instructions and then I plugged it into my Fuji camera. So with summer chrome, the recipe says that the film simulation is classic chrome. This is basically the foundation for the recipe. Next, it says that the dynamic range needs to be at 400%. The grain effect needs to be large and the chrome effect should be strong. It's got other instructions like how the highlight and the shadow should be, how the color should be, and the sharpness should be. But I hope you get the point. Basically, you can save all the recipes you like in your Fuji camera and then toggle between the recipes as you take your photos. There's no need for editing afterwards because it's already programmed into your camera and all your photos will turn out super viby. Not to mention, it's really easy to upload your photos on Instagram or on social media because of the Bluetooth. So, I can easily just use the Fuji app, download my photos really quickly, and then pretty much post right away. Now, some of you may be wondering, why did I choose the X1006? And to be honest, I fell into the hype. This camera is so in demand right now. It's really hard to get. I actually had to go buy it through Facebook Marketplace and I paid above retail. And I kind of wish I took my time with picking my camera because I actually didn't know much about Fuji cameras. And it wasn't until I got this camera and went down the rabbit hole, I learned that there were other Fuji cameras available that I feel would actually be more suited to me. Two reasons why I don't love this camera as much as I thought I would. It's because number one, the flip screen. It doesn't go to the side. It doesn't go selfie mode unlike the XM5 or the XS20 which does that. And then also this lens is not interchangeable. So I'm basically stuck with this 35 mm lens which I really love. But with the other cameras such as the XM5 or the XS20, you can actually change out the lens and really play up the different type of look that you want. At the same time though, I do not regret getting this camera at all. It has made documenting my life so much more fun. I look forward to going out so I can take photos not just of me and Leon, but just of memories and Nugget and my life. And like I love posting my photo dumps. It's really elevated taking photos. And I remember back then in high school, I would take photos all the time. I would always bring my digital camera out. And so this just feels like an elevated version of that. It just feels so nostalgic. And it's made me slow down a lot more. And the reason why this has made me slow down a little bit more is because the autofocus on the Fuji cameras are not as good as Sony. And so that's why I personally would never really use this camera for video because the autofocus isn't the best. This definitely is not a party camera where you're like trying to capture the moment really quick. This camera has taught me to really slow down and enjoy the moment and take the photo. It's more of an artsier camera. So, definitely keep that in mind, at least with the X100 6. And if you want to go down the Fuji rabbit hole, I highly recommend you do so because they have so many other options to choose from. And even though I thought that Fuji cameras were reserved for pro photographers, I've actually learned to appreciate photography so much more even though I have zero skill sets in photography. Anyways, I hope you guys enjoyed learning about all the equipment that I've been using and that I've been loving this year. If you need any links, they're going to be in the description box below. And if you have any questions, let me know as well. Now, if you want to learn more about how I film my content, then make sure you watch this video next. As always guys, I appreciate you and I will see you in this

  Top Comments:
  1. @VanessaLau [10 likes]: Check out the Obsbot webcams here: https://bit.ly/42DFQBe (Code: VANESSA for 5% OFF - expires 31/5/2025) or on Amazon https://bit.ly/3S2FSh4 (Code: OBSBOT2025 - expires 31/5/2025. Also, let me know in the comments below if you have any questions or thoughts about my 2025 equipment!
  2. @BnWCalisthenics_oddlyfamilar07 [1 likes]: Congrats on 1M subscribers i'm part of the 1M subs
  3. @Cozyco.studios: Really enjoyed this video about all the tips on cameras. Tips and tricks on camera angles etc. Made me want to order everything! lols.. Have a great day Vanessa <3  also, Thank you for linking everything and not leaving out anything. Super helpful <3 :]
  4. @thewerkingwriter: This was such a helpful video. Thank you so much!
  5. @TheHormoneShift-JA: Do you use anything for teleprompting?
  6. @KikiAndersen: What size softbox do you recommend
  7. @tta1390: Thanks for this video. Do you know how to get rid of the brown hue/film on the Sony zv10
  8. @Itty_Bitty_100: You are sooooo pretty!!!!
  9. @paulshealthfitness7922: everything is an eyesore apparently
  10. @ernestocastellano3903: Hey do you only use ur neewer selfie light for short form content? Or any other light you reccomend for that? Or  you don’t use any extra lights on ur vlogging set up? It looks amazing
  11. @dansawaki1: You could add Portuguese translation. It is missing!!! :face-purple-crying::face-purple-crying:
  12. @redheadhairstylist6543: What mic do you use with your Sony zV-E10?
  13. @forbabygrl1: Is your soft box of the 20 or 32 in? The link took me to the 20-in but it looks so big next to you.
  14. @dev.robert: Girl, you've blew my mind with the Steady Shot thing. I also had that and thought I was going to need another lens. But it did the trick marvelously. It was cropping my friend a lot
  15. @phillipaphunter: Hi Vanessa.  I just found your content and want to say thank you.  I am just starting and you have become my mentor.  Anytime I am trying to figure something out, I start with seeing what you do.  Thank you.  God bless.
  16. @LaureLagauche: I bought the neewer tripod without the ball head. Can u buy a different head for my sony zve10 or only this one ? Thanks
  17. @Karissa-p9y: Great information and content! So helpful. Thank you!
  18. @phoenixphoenix3030: I subscribed your channel after watching this video!!!
  19. @nieceymo: You sold me when you said you don’t know how to color grade 😂😂😂 Just bought the Sony zve 10❤
  20. @JaneDoe-ni2ft: What phone stand would you recommend for filming overhead? thank you

- The BEST Microphones For YouTube 2025: They Just Changed EVERYTHING: Kind: captions Language: en If you're wondering which microphones for YouTube are worth your money, stick around. After we run through each product, I'll give you my personal take. Would I buy it or would I skip it? No fluff, just my honest opinion. Let's get into it. Sennheiser Profile Streaming Set. This thing gives you that buttery smooth radio voice right out of the box with clean and professional sound that makes you sound way more important than you actually are. But its pickup pattern is wider than a barn door. So it'll capture your dog barking three rooms away along with your brilliant commentary. Would I buy it? Yes, because the built-in controls and excellent pllosive rejection are so good, it's basically idiotproof, even for me. Sure. MV6 USB. This mic is like a ninja, silently eliminating the sound of my jet engine gaming PC while making my voice crisp and clear for my adoring fans. It's almost too crisp though, sometimes making my S sounds whistle like a tea kettle. And the included stand is so short my cat has a better view of it than I do. Would I buy it? Yes. The background noise rejection is top tier for a USB mic, meaning less time editing out the sounds of my chaotic apartment. For fine, Amplame A6T. For the price, this thing punches way above its weight, delivering a surprisingly warm and deep sound that makes you feel like a pro streamer. And it even has shiny RGB lights to distract from your lack of skill. The catch is you have to basically kiss the microphone to get decent volume. And it picks up my angry keyboard smashing like it's part of the main performance. Would I buy it? Maybe if you're on a tight budget and your keyboard is quieter than a mouse fart. Bear Dynamic Fox. This mic records at a ridiculous 96 kHz, capturing every nuance of your voice with rich lows and that prolevel clarity you crave. However, Bare Dynamic then decided that a proper gain knob was too much to ask for. So, they gave us a damn two-position switch, which is about as useful as a screen door on a submarine. Would I buy it? No. That gain switch is a deal breakaker because I need more control than just kind of loud and really loud. Jab Epic Talk. This little gadget is the Swiss Army knife of mics with four different pickup patterns and a super high 192 kHz sample rate. Plus, it has funky lights to match your mood. But the gain control is as basic as it gets. And with no option for an XLR connection, this mic is a dead-end street for anyone looking to upgrade their audio setup later. Would I buy it? Maybe. It's a fantastic all-in-one starter pack for someone who wants versatility without thinking too hard, but I get commitment issues with gear that can't grow with me. HyperX QuadCast S. The HyperX QuadCast Sounds super crisp and clear with a neutral frequency response, and its four recording patterns are great, but the real star is the RGB lighting that's more mesmerizing than a lava lamp. Just don't get too close to whisper your secrets, because its internal pop filter is about as effective as a screen door on a submarine, letting all those explosive sounds through. Would I buy it? Yes, because having four microphone patterns and a personal light show in one device is a ridiculous level of flex for any YouTube setup. And the sound quality is genuinely impressive. Rode NT USB Plus. The Roadde NT USB Plus delivers audio so ridiculously clear, it's basically indistinguishable from prolevel XLR mics, making you sound like a smooth talking radio god, even if you just rolled out of bed. It is total plug-and-play, but there is no gain knob on the actual microphone. So, you will have to dive into your computer settings like a tech support nerd to stop your audio from peaking when you inevitably rage at a game. Would I buy it? Yes. The audio quality is just that damn good for a USB microphone. It's worth the minor inconvenience of not having a physical knob to fiddle with. Audio Technica AT2020 USB Plus. The Audio Technica AT2020 USB Plus has this beautifully full frequency response from 20 hertz to 20,000 hertz that makes your voice sound rich and important like you actually know what you're talking about. Its cardioid pattern is so wide it picks up everything. So, unless your goal is to record your frantic keyboard smashing and the ghost haunting your apartment, you better have a sound treated room. Would I buy it? Maybe. If I were a musician recording in a padded down closet, but for a typical YouTuber with a clicky keyboard, this thing is a background noise liability. Razer Siren V3 Chroma. Let's be real. you buy the Razer Siren V3 Chroma because it is an RGB disco ball that also happens to record your voice with a pleasant warm tone. It is a bit pricey and the Razer Synapse software that controls it can be a buggy mess. Sometimes refusing to even see that the microphone is plugged in, which is just fantastic. Would I buy it? No, because I am here to record audio for YouTube, not throw a rave at my desk. and I do not have the patience for diva software that might not work. Logitech Yeti Orb. The Logitech Yeti Orb is a fantastic little plug-and-play ball that makes your voice sound surprisingly full and warm right out of the box. No fancy setup needed, which is great for beginners. However, the included stand is comically short, and you need to be uncomfortably close to the microphone like you are about to kiss it. Otherwise, your voice will sound thin and far away. Would I buy it? Yes, for a beginner on a budget, it is an absolute steal. Just be prepared to either get real intimate with it or buy a boom arm immediately. HyperX QuadCast 2S. This thing records at a ridiculous 192 kHz, which is basically overkill unless you're trying to record a ghost whispering the secrets of the universe, but your voice will at least sound crisp and clear. It does a decent job blocking out your PC fans, but god forbid you type on your keyboard because this mic will pick up every single click and clack. Would I buy it? Maybe if I wanted my stream to hear my voice in glorious detail, but also every snack I eat. HyperX SoloCast. The SoloCast is so simple and light, it basically disappears on your desk. And the tap to mute is handy for when your mom walks in to ask about your life choices midstream. It's a great starter mic, but with no gain knob, you're stuck with whatever volume it decides on. Plus, it picks up keyboard typing like it's a paid informant. Would I buy it? No, because I need more control over my audio than a toddler has over their emotions. NZXT Capsule Elite. The Capsule Elite gives you this super detailed and neutral sound at 192 kHz, making your voice sound pleasantly clear, which is awesome. However, it has this annoying habit of making your S sounds extra sharp. So, you might end up sounding like a snake hissing sweet nothings into your audience's ears. Would I buy it? Yes, because the included software has a DSER to fix that sibilance. And for the price, the customization is pretty damn good. Razer Siren Mini. This little pill-shaped mic is dirt cheap and makes your voice sound pretty decent for the price. Whether you have the deep voice of a god or you sound like a chipmunk on helium, don't expect studio quality, though. The audio isn't exactly crystal clear, and while it handles pllosive sounds well, it can make your sibilance S sounds a bit harsh. Would I buy it? Yes, if I was just starting out and my wallet was crying because it's way better than any headset mic out there. HyperX DuoCast. The DuoCast captures some amazingly clean and crisp audio with its 96 kHz 24bit high-res recording, making it a solid step up from the SoloCast. It's stuck in the middle with only two polar patterns, unlike its big brother, the QuadCast, making it feel like that awkward middle child nobody asked for. Would I buy it? Maybe. It's a great mic, but it feels like a compromise between its cheaper and more expensive siblings. Elgato Wave 3. This mic is a streamer's dream with its plug-andplay setup and top tier clear audio that makes you sound like a pro, even if you're just rambling about your cat. The downside is the plastic mount feels a bit flimsy, like it might just give up on life after a few too many passionate gaming moments. Would I buy it? Yes, because the clip guard feature that prevents you from blowing out your viewers's eardrums is a godsend for screamers like me. Steeler Alias Pro. This thing delivers absolutely incredible professional-grade sound that can make even ASMR whispers sound like a blockbuster movie trailer. And it can handle two PCs at once, which is pretty baller. However, the gain indicator is about as accurate as a weather forecast in a hurricane. And the buttons feel mushy, like you're pressing a stale marshmallow. Would I buy it? Maybe if I had the cash to burn and the patience of a saint to deal with its wonky gain meter, but the audio quality is seriously tempting. Blue Yeti USB. The Blue Yeti is the granddaddy of USB mics. super popular and easy to use, giving you that crisp, clean sound that's great for beginners who want to sound decent without needing an engineering degree. But let's be real, it's a sensitive old man, picking up every little background noise like your keyboard clacking or your neighbor's dog having an existential crisis. And the audio can sound a bit average compared to the young guns. Would I buy it? No. Because while it was the king back in the day, there are now cheaper and better options that don't make my every breath sound like a hurricane. Fifine AM8 USB. For under $60, this mic gives you surprisingly good, slightly V-shaped audio with both USB and XLR outputs, which is like getting a twofor one deal at your favorite taco truck. The big letdown is the floppy mount that makes the mic droop like a sad flower, which is just not the vibe you want when you're trying to be a YouTube star. Would I buy it? Yes. For the price, this thing is a steal. And as long as you can prop it up somehow, you'll sound pretty damn good without breaking the bank. Thanks for watching. I hope this video helped you pick the microphones for YouTube for you. If you have any questions, drop a comment below. Links to all of these products mentioned in this video will be in the description.

  Top Comments:
  1. @RimiDas-k8d [3 likes]: honestly all these usb microphones are just toys, if you're serious about youtube you HAVE to use an xlr mic with an audio interface, because that's what all the pros use and it's the only way to get studio quality, anything else is just amateur hour and your audio will always sound thin and cheap, usb mics are literally just glorified webcam mics, no real dynamic range or clarity, you just can't get that professional sound without the proper setup.
  2. @MampuPal-x4o [2 likes]: why would anyone pay more than $50 for a microphone? the cheapest one on amazon does the exact same thing.
  3. @Audioviser [1 likes]: Links to the best microphones for youtube we listed in this video:

Sennheiser Profile Streaming Set - https://amzn.to/47mJTUO
Shure MV6 USB - https://amzn.to/4oePB2n
Fifine Ampligame A6T - https://amzn.to/42W8m25
Beyerdynamic FOX - https://amzn.to/3WOxFQ2
JLab Epic Talk - https://amzn.to/3L2x1Me
HyperX QuadCast S - https://amzn.to/4qw9J1F
Rode NT- USB+ - https://amzn.to/3LoWy29
Audio- Technica AT2020USB+ - https://amzn.to/48JiP4E
Razer Seiren V3 Chroma - https://amzn.to/3LofONi
Logitech Yeti Orb - https://amzn.to/4ncRds1
HyperX QuadCast 2 S - https://amzn.to/47Jrli3
HyperX SoloCast - https://amzn.to/3WQcs8e
NZXT Capsule Elite - https://amzn.to/4o7TeHo
Razer Seiren Mini - https://amzn.to/49hG6L8
HyperX DuoCast - https://amzn.to/4nok6lk
Elgato Wave:3 - https://amzn.to/3Wkqgrv
SteelSeries Alias Pro - https://amzn.to/48Ji4bH
Blue Yeti USB - https://amzn.to/4ocYpWI
FIFINE AM8 USB - https://amzn.to/4npI7Zb
  4. @stessykyalo923 [1 likes]: Amazing roundup! The new mic options for 2025 are game changers — perfect for leveling up YouTube audio quality. 🔥🎤
  5. @MoumitaSanyal-kc3uv [1 likes]: what's the deal with rgb lights on microphones anyway, i thought a mic was supposed to record sound not put on a light show, like is it a distraction from my amazing content or is it supposed to make the sound waves travel better, I don't get the connection between flashing colors and audio quality, it just seems like a gimmick to charge more for something that should just focus on doing its one job well, it's like putting racing stripes on a toaster,
  6. @RimitaDas-z8h [1 likes]: you talked about some mics picking up keyboard clicks and background noise, but that's what good editing software is for right? you just run it through some noise reduction plugin and boom, clean audio, so it doesn't really matter how much a mic picks up, because any half-decent editor can fix it in post, it's not a microphone problem, it's an operator error problem if you're not fixing your audio before uploading, people expect edited content these days.
  7. @LoveGuruGreg: Have you explored the Fduce mics? I have one and actualyl sounds good!
  8. @KanikaSaha-n4p: so like if a mic has a really high sample rate like 192 kilohertz does that mean it's literally recording sounds that humans cant even hear, because like what's the point of that, is it for my dog or something to enjoy my stream, or for aliens eavesdropping on my YouTube videos, i feel like anything over 44.1 khz is just for bragging rights and doesn't actually make a real difference to the human ear so why bother with those absurd numbers
  9. @ShovaMalik-v7h: Gain is just magic, not a setting.
  10. @dj82828S: i just bought an expensive headset for gaming, so i assume the microphone on that is good enough for youtube too right? like it has to be, it cost me like two hundred bucks, they wouldn't put a bad mic on something that expensive, i don't need a separate microphone for youtube, it's just extra clutter on my desk and a waste of money when my headset mic already captures my glorious voice in all its splendor, plus it means i don't have to keep switching between devices.

- The BEST Mics For YouTube 2025 - Which Ones Actually Impressed Me (And Why): Kind: captions Language: en If you're wondering which mics for YouTube are worth your money, stick around. After we run through each product, I'll give you my personal take. Would I buy it or would I skip it? No fluff, just my honest opinion. Let's get into it. NZXT Capsule Mini. This affordable little USB microphone delivers crisp audio for streaming and podcasting, but it's missing some basic features like onmic gain control, and the companion app only works on Windows. The voice focused frequency range of 100 to 10,000 hertz means you won't have to worry about traffic rumble or your graphics card whining. But the non-locking swivel mount makes it about as stable as my dating life. Would I buy it? Maybe if I'm on a budget and don't mind the Windows only software limitations. Road Podmake. This dynamic podcast microphone is built like a tank with its all- metal construction and has a built-in pop filter, so you don't need to buy an additional windshield. But you'll need to shell out extra cash for an XLR cable, mixer, and stand since none of these come with it. Unlike some USB mics that plug and play, this bad boy requires a proper audio interface, which is great if you want to sound professional, but sucks if you're just starting out and don't want to spend your life savings on audio equipment. Would I buy it? Yes, if I'm serious about podcasting and already have an audio interface, this thing is a beast for vocal recording. Road NT USB Plus. This upgraded USB microphone ditched the ancient USBB port for USBC and added Road's ultra-l low-noise Revolution preamp technology, making it sound so good out of the box that it's basically indistinguishable from top-end XLR microphones. The plug-and-play compatibility with smartphones and tablets means you can take this professional quality mic anywhere. Though, you'll need to buy a separate lightning cable if you want to use it with your iPhone because Apple just has to be different. Would I buy it? Yes, because it delivers studio quality audio with zero hassle and works with practically any device I own. HyperX QuadCast. This gaming microphone sounds fantastic right out of the box with excellent background noise cancellation. And the tap tomute feature with RGB lighting indicator is perfect for when my mom walks in during a stream and starts talking about my underwear. The built-in shock mount prevents those annoying vibrations when I rage slam my desk after dying in a game. But the mute button is so sensitive that breathing on it wrong will cut your audio. Would I buy it? Yes, because it delivers great audio with zero setup hassle. and the RGB lighting makes my setup look like a spaceship cockpit. Audio Technica at 2020 USBX. This mic delivers top-notch sound quality with crystal clear audio at 24bit 96 kH's sampling rate, making it perfect for YouTube vocals, but it lacks a physical gain control, which means you'll have to adjust levels in your computer software. The built-in headphone amplifier gives you superior clarity and volume for monitoring, though the included stand and cable tend to pick up stray vibrations and sounds. Would I buy it? Yes, because it works right out of the box and sounds professionalgrade with minimal tweaking needed. Steeler Alias Pro. This XLR microphone delivers absolutely phenomenal sound quality that's suitable for everything from professional podcasting to ASMR, but the gain meter on the stream mixer is frustratingly inaccurate and doesn't reliably show when you're broadcasting at normal levels. The included XLR stream mixer acts as both an audio interface and mini control center with dual USBC ports for outputting to two PCs simultaneously, though the buttons feel unpleasantly mushy to the touch. Would I buy it? Maybe because while it sounds incredible and comes with everything you need in the box, that damn inaccurate gain indicator could drive you crazy during long recording sessions. Blue Yeti X. This sturdy, handsome mic brings welcome updates like a multi-function dial and improved recording quality up to 48 kHz 24bit, but at $170, it's expensive, and the dials feel a little loose and plastic for a product at this price point. The Blue Voice CE software suite is a real value proposition with 11 presets of pre-tuned noise cancellers, compressors, and EQ tools that all sound polished as soon as you apply them. Though existing Yeti owners don't have much incentive to upgrade, would I buy it? Yes, because that fundamentally great sound with four polar patterns gives it versatility that some of these other mics just can't match. Elgato Wave 3. This lightweight, elegant USB mic has impressive anti-distortion tech called Clipu Guard that prevents peing even when you're screaming into it like a maniac. But it has a somewhat muted lowend compared to the Yeti X and only offers a cardioid polar pattern. The Wavelink software acts like a mixing station with eight tracks for game audio, voice chat, music, and alerts. Though the mute button is so sensitive you might accidentally touch it during your most epic YouTube moments. Would I buy it? Yes, because despite its partially plastic build, the crystalclear audio quality and streamer focused features make it the perfect companion for YouTube content creation. Biodnamic Fox USB. This mic delivers beautiful vocal tone with 96 kHz 24-bit recording quality, making your voice sound professional and broadcast ready. But the headphone preamp breaks up easily, and monitoring through headphones can be tricky. The built-in pop shield design is fantastic for preventing those annoying poslosives. Though, you're stuck with only a cardioid polar pattern, which limits recording multiple people at once. Would I buy it? Yes, because this mic blurs the line between USB streamer mics and proauudio equipment, giving you studio quality sound for a reasonable price. Steeler Alias. The Alias has a stunning design with an innovative LED display that shows your peak levels and mute status, but at its high price point, you're definitely paying extra for those pretty looks. The touch- sensitive mute button and visual feedback are nice touches, though the software has some annoying issues that might make you want to throw your computer out the window. Would I buy it? Maybe. Because while it sounds great out of the box with full detailed vocals, there are cheaper options that can deliver similar or better audio quality if you don't care about the fancy RGB lighting. Razer Sarin Mini. This tiny pill-shaped microphone delivers awesome tone and great fidelity when you get up close and personal with it. But the lack of physical controls means no mute button or gain control, which is frustrating as hell. For just 50 bucks, the audio performance is surprisingly good compared to mics three times its price. Though, you'll need to kiss this thing like it's prom night to get the best sound quality. Would I buy it? Yes, because despite missing some features, this budget friendly little beast sounds almost as good as mics that cost three times as much when used properly. Samson Q2U. This versatile mic gives you both USB and XLR connections, so you can grow from beginner to pro without buying new gear, though the recording volume can be quite low when connected via USB and might need boosting in post-prouction. The dynamic capsule does an excellent job at blocking out ambient noises, making it perfect for untreated rooms. And it comes with a whole accessory pack, including a desktop stand, windscreen, and cables. Would I buy it? Yes, because it delivers sound quality almost as good as the Sure SM58 at a fraction of the price, and its dual connectivity options make it future proof for any recording setup. Logitech G Yeti GX. This RGB fringed gaming mic is surprisingly great at minimizing vibrations, sibilance, and poslosives, but the sound quality could be better with a bit more dimensionality. The Yeti GX delivers good audio quality with a pleasing flat sound profile that's ideal for game streaming. Though it can peak quite aggressively even from a moderate shout or scream. Would I buy it? Maybe. It's a decent sounding microphone with beautiful almost futuristic design, but it just isn't the best mic on the market in any category. Rode NT15 Gen. This mic delivers the same warm, silky character and extremely low noise that the original is revered for. With an astonishingly low 4dba self noise, making it the world's quietest studio condenser microphone. It features groundbreaking dual connect output allowing XLR or USB connection, plus a revolutionary 32-bit float digital output that lets you record everything from a whisper to a scream without worrying about clipping. Would I buy it? Yes. With integrated USB interfacing, 32bit float support, and impressive noise figures, this mic delivers a fully featured upgrade on its predecessors, and continues to be an excellent budget choice. Sure MV7. This mic boasts a solid build quality with both XLR and USB inputs, making it versatile for various recording setups. Though the pop filter is rather lackluster and you need to position it offaxis to reduce possive issues. It delivers class-leading sound quality with excellent clarity and range making for a much more lifelike engaging presentation than many competitors despite only sporting a modest 16bit 48 kH's sample rate. Would I buy it? Yes. The dual connectivity options and natural sound reproduction make it perfect for YouTube content, even if it is a bit on the expensive side. Road XCM50. This compact condenser USB microphone delivers highly detailed natural sounding voice reproduction with a tight cardioid polar pattern that minimizes background noise, keeping the focus on you. The star of the show are the warm and clear vocals that soften fricative sounds and boost possive ones instead. Though the tripod takes up a lot of desk space, and it comes with a premium price tag. Would I buy it? Yes. It's a great streaming mic with crisp quality vocals and decent background noise cancellation. Plus, it comes with lifetime access to Roadde X Unifi software for advanced audio processing. HyperX SoloCast. This affordable USB mic picks up sound clearly with decent background noise rejection, but it's a bit tricky to set up sometimes and picks up vibrations very easily when on its included stand. The SoloCast offers high-res 24-bit recording. And while it's marketed as a cardioid mic, it actually picks up sound from both front and back, making it more birectional in practice, which could be good for podcasts with multiple speakers. Would I buy it? Yes, because it delivers where it matters at this price point, picking up sound clearly and cleanly with a compact, travel-friendly design. AKGR. This USB condenser mic captures very fine details with transparent reproduction that works well for both vocals and instruments, but it lacks an onmic gain control, which is pretty damn annoying when you're trying to adjust levels on the fly. The ERA stands out with its rich velvety speech tones and offers both cardioid and omnidirectional polar patterns, making it versatile for different recording scenarios. Would I buy it? Maybe. Because while it lacks fancy features, it makes up for it with simplicity, ease of use, and those sweet, sweet speech tones that make you sound like a radio god. HyperX Duocast. This mid-range microphone does an excellent job capturing clean, crisp audio with its dual electric condenser capsules and built-in pop filter. But at $99, it's approaching QuadCast sale prices, which makes it a weird halfway point nobody asked for. The Duocast features a well-designed taptomute function, a nicely designed lowprofile shock mount and supports high-res 96 kHz/24-bit recording with both cardioid and omnidirectional polar patterns. Would I buy it? No. Because while it sounds great, you might as well wait for a sale on the QuadCast, which offers more features for sometimes just $20 more or even $10 less. Blue Yeti. This classic USB mic offers four different polar patterns: cardioid, birectional, omnidirectional, and stereo, making it incredibly versatile, but it's pretty chunky at over 3 lb and is sensitive to pops and bumps, which can be annoying as hell during recording. The Yeti consistently picks up voices warmly and accurately with a pleasingly woody low-end that gives that classic broadcast sparkle. Plus, its simple controls and understated design have helped it remain popular for years. Would I buy it? Yes, because despite being around for years, it still delivers decent sound quality across a range of applications. And its multiple polar patterns make it perfect for everything from solo recording to roundt discussions. Thanks for watching. I hope this video helped you pick the mics for YouTube for you. If you have any questions, drop a comment below. Links to all of these products mentioned in this video will be in the description.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Nandini-q1p [1 likes]: What's the real difference between getting an XLR setup vs just a good USB mic if you're just starting out? Seems like a lot of extra stuff for XLR.
  2. @Audioviser: Links to the best mics for youtube we listed in this video:

NZXT Capsule Mini - https://amzn.to/4jfYBC1
Rode PodMic - https://amzn.to/3ECajrj
RODE NT-USB+ - https://amzn.to/3RRCyFw
HyperX QuadCast - https://amzn.to/4jxyCW9
Audio-Technica AT2020USB-X - https://amzn.to/4cB5uLH
SteelSeries Alias Pro - https://amzn.to/4iiJ0A7
Blue Yeti X - https://amzn.to/4jbVM4B
Elgato Wave:3 - https://amzn.to/42BVhKf
Beyerdynamic Fox USB - https://amzn.to/3ElMyUt
SteelSeries Alias - https://amzn.to/3Gd3w7T
Razer Seiren Mini - https://amzn.to/3Y4ptfG
Samson Q2U - https://amzn.to/4lC5uPA
Logitech G Yeti GX - https://amzn.to/3Gh5Nze
Røde NT1 5th Gen - https://amzn.to/3Gh5Qeo
Shure MV7 - https://amzn.to/3RouGev
Rode X XCM-50 - https://amzn.to/4jC4cSI
HyperX SoloCast - https://amzn.to/3RS7a9M
AKG Ara - https://amzn.to/3YwcZ0j
HyperX DuoCast - https://amzn.to/4lxF5Ci
Blue Yeti - https://amzn.to/3GaOpfv
  3. @jaceondialup: Really cool explanation  makes the concept much clearer 👍
  4. @RajaVenkataraman: Which is better : Dynamic or Condenser Microphones
  5. @GamesJames: Who wrote these chapters?
  6. @TiyashaRoy-tg4dw: just use audacity noise reduction lol why buy an expensive microphone?? software can fix anything these days its 2025 people wake up. only dummies fall for the 'premium audio' marketing scam.
  7. @chaitanblog: lol imagine spending hundreds on a mic just talk louder into your webcam mic its basically the same thing u guys are getting scammed
  8. @UmaDas-u3q: do all these mics need one of those foam ball things? or is the built in filter enough like the guy said for one of em?
  9. @a2kgaming495: nobody needs a mic this fancy lmao
  10. @Miraj097: Good product quality
  11. @NasimaKhatun-m8q: Dynamic mics are WAY better than condenser mics for youtube PERIOD. Condensers pick up every tiny sound like your pc fan or your neighbour flushing the toilet. Dynamics ONLY get your voice, its science. If you buy a condenser for streaming youre just dumb sorry not sorry.
  12. @SavyGhosh: lol grown adults worried about sounding 'crisp' on youtube go touch grass
  13. @LimaDe-z6l: okay listen up ppl the REAL secret to good audio on youtube isnt the mic itself is the RGB LIGHTING. More RGB = better sound quality. The lights harmonize the sound waves or something cancelling out background noise its science look it up. Mics without RGB are just boring beige boxes for boring beige people. you need at least 96khz maybe 192khz sampling rate too otherwise whats the point its just gonna sound muffled and bad. stop being cheap and get a mic that actually looks cool AND sounds good bc of the lights duh.
  14. @RumaSen-j1p: just use your gaming headset mic its literally the same thing
  15. @RiyaSinha-l5u: whats the real difference between usb and xlr? like does xlr actually sound THAT much better for youtube vids or is it just for music stuff
  16. @BinaDiz-sd5gr: Dynamic mics??? its 2025 people nobody uses those brick things anymore they sound muffled like youre talking into a pillow. You absolutely NEED a condenser mic if you want anyone to take your youtube channel seriously. Anything else sounds like total amateur hour trash.
  17. @PriyaRoy-b6k: Condenser mics are trash for youtube. Always pick up background noise like crazy. Dynamic mics are the ONLY way to go unless you have a million dollar soundproof studio which none of you losers do. Stop buying condensers you idiots.
  18. @Aminakhatun-s6t7d: why do you even need a special mic just for youtube lol
  19. @KajalBiswas-hz7id: what exactly is the difference between XLR and USB? i keep hearing these terms but dont get why one needs like extra box thingy

- I Tested 36 Wireless Microphones... Here Are The Best!: Kind: captions Language: en I've tested over 50 different wireless microphones and even just this year, like this is just the bin of mics that have been released this year that I've acquired. And then this bin under here are mics that I've had for a couple years now. And in total, I currently own 36 different wireless microphones. And yes, I'm aware that's excessive. But right back here in this little corner, I've actually mapped out my top 10 favorite wireless mic systems for beginners and pros alike. Every budget price is represented here and we're going to talk about each of these microphones individually so you can figure out which microphone is best for you. So the first couple microphones we classify as budget microphones which are under $50. So these are great for beginners just starting out. And the first mic on our list is this mic right here, the Holland Lark A1. This is a newer microphone released by Holland in just the last few months targeted towards mobile phone creators. This mic has a price of $40 with the charging case option or about $30 if you don't want the charging case. And it comes in either USBC, lightning, or you could get the combo kit with both lightning and USBC. So, this microphone sort of sets the precedent for what the rest of these microphones are like. Most of them come with a charging case and also have two different microphones that you can use to mic yourself and somebody else as well. And overall, for $40, the sound quality is honestly pretty good. It comes with a little magnet, so you just attach this directly to your shirt. And this is the sound quality that you're going to get. There's three really cool features that this microphone has that most microphones at this price do not have. The first would be it has pass through USBC power. That means you can actually plug this into the USBC slot on your phone and then still plug in the charging cable for your phone to receive power. So your phone, you don't have to worry about it dying if you're using this microphone. You can supply power at the same time, which is really cool. Another feature is they have this cool mic identification feature where the LED indicators on the light don't just have to be blue. They can also be this like purple and yellow color to distinguish which mic is which without needing to do any drawing or labeling on your microphone. And then finally, this microphone can record in stereo audio. So, if you and a guest are recording and each of you are using one of the microphones, you can then import that audio and separate the audio tracks so that you can edit your audio and your guest audio independently of each other, which is a really cool feature for post-production. I will test the noise cancellation for each one of these microphones. So, I'm using a noise maker app in the background to emulate a lot of white noise or hiss or like wind going on in the background. We'll turn that on now. It's pretty loud and I'm going to turn on with just one click. Okay, now the noise reduction is on. I'm curious how good of a job it's doing because that noise machine is super loud. But you can get an idea for how the noise reduction is working. Let's listen one more time. That's pretty impressive. The main con to this mic system is that there's no 3.5 mm option for cameras. So, this is strictly a mobile phone microphone. But for the price and the sound quality you're getting for about $40, I think this is a great option for smartphone creators. Now, the second mic in this category is the Boyoyet Mini. And this is really the only other microphone that we recommend you check out that's under that $50 price. And this mic comes in at $40 with the charging case or $30 without. So, you can see that the Boya Mini and the Holland Lark A1 are positioned right at each other and they're competing directly in terms of price. The core features of this mic are very similar to the LAR A1. You get the two wireless microphones, you get the charging case, and you can use lightning or USB receivers. There's also three levels of noise cancellation, which I'll show you in just a minute. And there's also this very unique voice AI changer mode that's very strange. I'll show you that in a second as well. But there are some cons I want you to be aware of with this microphone which could steer you towards the LAR A1. The first is this microphone can only record in mono mode. So, if you're somebody who wants the ability to record two different talent at the same time and then split those audio channels, you're not able to do that. It's going to merge your audio tracks with this microphone. Hopefully, maybe Boya will give us a firmware update where they're able to split those tracks. But for now, it's a mono system. Also, to me personally, at least with my voice, I like the way my voice sounds with the Lark A1 better. But I've heard from many of you that you've purchased the Boya Mini and you love your experience using it. So, I certainly wanted to include it because I think it is a viable option. So, let's do the noise cancellation test. Here's what it sounds like. No noise cancellation. And now we just turn the noise cancellation on. and it's at the highest level of noise cancellation. So you can see how much that high level distorts my voice. Now we'll bump it down to level two. Now I just switched to level two noise reduction. So this is sort of like medium mode. And now this is the lowest level of noise reduction so you can see how it sounds. Okay. Now for these weird AI voice changer modes. So if I just double click on the receiver >> now my voice should sound I think this is called the like deeper mode or the warmer mode or something. I mean oh my goodness. Imagine my voice. It's uh who's like the giga gigachad? I don't know. I'm not educated. I'm like a I'm a the youngest millennial, so I'm not quite Gen Z. And uh I've heard the gigachad. I don't know. But if I click this one more time, >> now it is in the sweeter. I believe it's what it's like the higher mode. It's the sweeter mode. So, how do I sound? Do I just sound so sweet? Is this just the sweetest voice you've ever heard? >> Okay, I'm done with that. As you can see, I feel like it's more of a gimmick, not really something I'd ever use. But if you have a reason you want to have like a AI voice changer built into the microphone and not use external software, it is an option with this mic. My overall thoughts on the Boya Mini is it's a pretty solid option if you prefer it over the LARK A1. So for me personally, I think the best in class under $50 would be the Holland Lark A1, but the Boya Mini is a pretty solid second place. So now we're moving from budget microphones into what I'm calling like mid-tier or semi-pro style microphones that range between $100 and $200. And the first on the list is the beloved Holland Lark M2. This mic needs no introduction. It's been out for about two years already and continues to be one of the best options on the market at this price range. Right now, this mic retails at $119, but it's often on sale for $99. And that's actually at the time of recording this video, it's on sale for $99. So actually under $100 for the Lark M2. Now, the LARK M2 has a lot of the same core functionality as the cheaper LARK A1, which was designed for mobile phones, but you can use the LARK M2 with both mobile phone devices and cameras because there's the option to choose USBC, lightning, or a 3.5 mm camera receiver, so you can send your audio signal to cameras. The design is also different. You can see right here, it's this circular button design style microphone. It actually comes with some stickers as well. So whether you get the white version or the black version, there's some stickers you can put on your microphone to kind of cover up the logo to make it more discreet and just looks kind of like a button on a shirt. Over the last couple years, I have used this microphone countless number of times and I just think the audio quality for the price sounds so unbelievably good. If you can save an additional like 50 bucks or 60 bucks to get the LAR M2 over the LAR A1, I think it's totally worth it and it adds the ability to plug into a camera. We'll do a quick noise cancellation test with the Lark M2. Here's a baseline test with it off. And here's with it turned on. And I have it set to the stronger setting. And there's two settings, I believe, strong and weak. But I can't change it right now because you can change it through the app. And I'm currently plugged into my camera, so I can't change it in real time. But just know this is the strong noise cancellation setting. Overall though, this is still one of my favorite options and sounds absolutely outstanding. And I have no idea how they made a microphone this tiny that just sounds so good. Now, before this next microphone, I want to tell you about the sponsor of today's video, Storylocks. Storylocks is our go-to location for all stock assets. And for one simple subscription cost, you get access to a huge library of stock footage, motion graphics, music, sound effects, and more. We use it all the time for video backgrounds or transitional effects, or even just adding a little extra flare to our videos. It's as easy as going up to the search bar and typing in whatever sort of effect you're looking for, whether it's a visual or sound effect. And there are hundreds of thousands of options to choose for your creative projects. What's cool about Story Blocks, too, is that in the world of AI content, they're making a point to highlight real artists and real filmmakers. There's really not a bunch of AI generated fluff on there, and everything feels authentic and real. So, if you want to give Storyblocks a try for your own videos, just go to storyblocks.com/think media or visit the link down in the description below. Now, this next microphone is also from Hollland. It's their LAR M2S. Not to be confused with our last mic, the Lark M2. This is a different style of microphone. It's particularly designed for a clip-on style lapel microphone that you would clip to somebody's collar. Now, price point for this is usually around $149, but it's been as low as I've seen $114. And actually, at the time of recording this video, it is 114 bucks. So, as you can see, it's a little bit more expensive than the LAR M2. In terms of sound quality, though, I think they're pretty comparable to each other. And if anything, I think I actually like the sound quality of the original Lark M2 a little bit better. And the main con with this system overall is just that it is that limitation of the clip-on design. Now, this could be a pro if you're somebody who knows you just clip microphones onto people's lapels all of the time, right onto their shirt, their collar. That could be cool. and it does feel a whole lot more secure than the magnetic option that you get with the LAR M2 and most of these other styles of microphones. For me, anytime I've reached for this microphone, it's because I'm making social media content like Instagram stories or Tik Toks or reals or something like that, and I just want a really fast option to reach for that I know is going to be secure as I walk around my studio space or my house to produce those types of videos. I really do like this option. But for the most part, I like the versatility more of the Lark M2. But sound quality wise, I think they're both really good. Now, real quick, we'll show you the noise cancellation test. Here's a baseline. And now, here's what it sounds like with the noise cancellation set to high on the M2S. Now, this next microphone is the DJI Mic Mini. And this is a $169 microphone that comes with two transmitters and one receiver. But at actually, at the time of recording this video, this whole kit is on sale for $99, which is insane. Let me tell you, if you're watching this video and it's 99 bucks, this might be the best value microphone on the entire list. So, again, this mic is very similar to the rest of the mics on this list, but I do think the Mic Mini adds some premium features that some of the other microphones do not have. First, the case design is actually a lot better than almost all of the microphones on this entire list. You can fit a lot of the contents inside of the case itself, like the cables and the windcreens, magnets, and accessories. It's great. You don't have to carry these extra pouches and bags along with you. You can just fit it all right inside the case, which is super handy. Now, the audio receiver is a bit bigger, so that could be a con depending on if you like the receiver size or not. And I definitely think it's a little bit too big for my liking when I use it with a mobile phone device, but when I use it with a camera, it's totally fine. I do love that there are a couple physical switches on the receiver to adjust audio gain, either to plus 6 or negative 6 or + 12 and minus 12, depending on your audio environment. The app interface for DJI using the DJI Mimo app is really intuitive. I really like how you can adjust all the settings and I think this app is a little bit better than some of the other apps as well. The system can also connect wirelessly to different DJI products like the Osmo Pocket 3 or the DJI Action 5, so you don't have to use the audio receiver. And it allows you the option to, if you want, you can purchase a solo one of these transmitters for $59. And then you can just pair that with whatever DJI product you have and wirelessly send your audio signal to like the Pocket 3 for instance, and have an awesome vlogging setup. We'll really quick do our noise cancellation test. Here's a baseline with the sound machine on. Now, we just turn on noise cancellation set to the low setting. Set to basic is what it's called. And now we'll turn it up to the strong setting. And this is strong noise cancellation so you can see how it sounds. And then noise cancellation off. So the only real con with this microphone is that retail price of $169. And I know right now it is on sale for 99 bucks, which is an amazing price for this mic, but typically that's not the case. So that's just something you'll want to consider. Overall, this mic is an outstanding choice, especially if you have a DJI branded camera that you can pair seamlessly with the Mic Mini. Now, there's one more semi-pro style microphone that I want to mention, which is the Boya Mic 2. Price point for this microphone is at $179. So, it's at the higher end of the price point for microphones in this category. But the reason I wanted to include it is because it's one of the most affordable mic systems that you can purchase that allows you to record 32-bit float internal audio recording. So, if you're new to audio, all that really means is this allows you to record a lot more sound information than the rest of the microphones so far on this list can record. Because 32-bit float audio won't really ever peak. So, if somebody screams or yells super loud or or you're recording like music or you're at a racetrack or something recording loud sounds, you don't really have to worry about your audio peing. And then same if somebody talks like really really quiet, you can raise those audio levels without introducing too much noise back into your audio files. So 32-bit float is a really cool piece of technology that microphones have adopted in the last few years. And this microphone is the most affordable way that I've personally found to introduce somebody to the 32-bit float audio workflow. And then also the fact that it can record internally means you have a backup audio source in case your wireless transmission signal drops out for any reason. If you have interference or something and you lose audio, you won't really have to worry about that with this system in particular because you have a built-in backup if you hit record on the unit themselves. Here's a quick noise cancellation test. This is the baseline with that sound machine on and we just turned on the audio noise cancellation and it's set to high. So this is the highest noise cancellation setting. So you can hear how that works. Overall, you could choose the Boya Mic 2 if you need 32-bit float internal recording but want to save as much cash as possible. Otherwise, if you have a little bit more to spend, there's some better pro systems we'll talk about in just a minute. Now, we'll move on to the best prolevel microphones. And these are microphones over $200. And all of them feature 32-bit float internal recording, really good noise cancellation, time code support even. So, there's a lot of great features. So, all I'm going to do is focus on the core differences between the microphones because honestly, all of these are pretty solid. Now, the first mic in this category is the Cammonic Ultra. This is their professional content creator style microphone, and this system is about $239 or $269 if you want an additional couple lapel microphones to pair with this wireless kit. In some ways, this kit reminds me a lot of the Boya Mic 2. And I actually think that Cammonic and Boya are like sister companies. So there's some similarities in product design and features from the Boya Mic 2 and Cammonic. So you see those from time to time, like this weird like locking USBC mechanism for attaching to smartphones. It's kind of a cool and unique feature. Both of those systems have that same style. But I do think the Cammonic Ultra is just all around a better built system than the Boya Mic 2. It's a better build quality, better design and features. It's the first microphone on our list that has a 3.5 millimeter input for the transmitter, so you can plug in lapel style microphones or even other style microphones if you'd like. And the biggest upgrade, in my opinion, is the sound quality. I think the sound quality is really good with this Cammonic Ultra. And it just goes to show you, you don't have to buy the like quote unquote name brand top-of-the-line microphones to get really good professional sound quality. I think the Ceremonic Ultra sounds so good and it's the most affordable pro style microphone on our list today. Here's our quick noise cancellation test. turning on the baseline. So, this is no noise cancellation. And then we just turned noise cancellation on and it's set to the higher level right here. So, you can get an idea of how this noise cancellation works. The two downsides for me for this system are that one, it's a little bit bigger and heavy. So, you can see it's kind of like leaning forward and pulling my shirt down a little bit if I wanted to have it clipped to my body. So, I'm not the biggest fan of the size and the weight of this system. Now, if you wanted to put this inside of a wireless mic handle and a windscreen, that could be a really good option for the system and you get great 32-bit float internal recording if you do that. Or, of course, you can clip this to somebody's pocket and run a lapel mic up through somebody's shirt and clip it to your lapel and that would work as well. I think you go for the Cammonic Ultra if budget is your number one consideration and you don't have the $30 or $40 to bump up to one of the next systems on our list. This next microphone is the Holland Lark Max 2. It's one of Hollland's latest microphone releases this year and price point-wise is $279, but that comes with these really unique wireless headphones that we'll talk about in a minute. And if you don't want those, it's $249. Now, I'm not going to lie, this is one of my favorite microphones I've ever used, and it might be my favorite microphone on this entire list. And there's a lot of great features that none of the other microphones on this list has. The first being a 32-bit float audio transmission. So, yes, it can record internally to the microphone 32-bit float audio, but it can also send 32-bit float audio to different recording devices and cameras that support 32-bit float transmission. This is a huge addition that none of the other microphones on this system have the ability to do. It also has a very unique 3.5 mm adapter included in the kit. So, you just snap this right onto the bottom of the Hollyland Lark Max 2's USBC port right there on the bottom. And now it converts the signal to 3.5 millimeter so you can plug in the included lapel microphones that this system comes with and turn it into a more professional looking setup. A lot of these pro systems have an adapter for their receiver to convert that to a smartphone signal, but the LARK Max 2 actually comes with a dedicated smartphone USBC receiver, which I love. It also has a unique clip design where it kind of snaps into place and then it snaps back down versus the more traditional spring-loaded systems that most microphones have. You can also pair four microphones to one receiver to record a multi-person podcast or interview or live event, which is a really cool addition. And then, of course, there are these wireless monitoring headphones that come with this kit if you pay $30 extra dollars. I think the concept of these wireless headphones are really cool because it allows you to wirelessly monitor your audio signal without being tied down to your camera. So, if you're somebody who likes to like wear multiple hats and you're trying to listen to your audio of your subject as well as move around your set and set up lighting and monitor different cameras, it's cool to be able to wirelessly monitor your audio signal. I don't think they're the greatest headphones in the world, but in principle, I think it's a great first iteration of what's possible with wireless audio monitoring. This mic system also has a stepless noise reduction. So, it's not just like high, medium, or low. You can actually slide a slider to dial in your perfect amount of noise reduction. And let's actually do the noise reduction test right now. Here's a baseline with noise reduction turned off. And now we just turned on noise reduction. And I have it set right in the middle so you can hear about what a medium strength noise reduction would do in this environment. So truly, if you want the most amount of features and accessories and quality and overall value for the price, I think the Lark Max 2 would be my top choice. This next microphone also needs no introduction. It's the Road Wireless Pro, which has been out for many, many years, but at the time of recording this video, it's actually come way down in price. It's $299 for the kit, and it used to be about $400 for everything that's included. Now, this has been my go-to audio solution for the last several years. I have shot so many wedding films using the Road Wireless Pro as my main audio source. I also do corporate video production work with many clients, and I use this for all of those gigs. You get a ton of great accessories included with the Road Wireless Pro. You also get a really cool twisting lock mechanism for the lapel microphones, which creates a very secure and professional looking feel when you decide to go with using your lapel mics. I have probably done over a hundred interviews with the Road Wireless Pro as my main mic system, and this thing has never failed me. Now, not everything about this system is perfect, though. First of all, it's randomly one of the only microphones on this list that does not have noise cancellation. So, there's no noise cancellation feature with the Road Wireless Pro, which is kind of annoying. But if you're somebody who doesn't typically use noise cancellation, like most video production professionals, when you're on set, you don't really use noise cancellation, then it might not matter to you. But if you're a content creator who likes to be out and about and have a quick solution for noise reduction, it does not have it. It's also the oldest microphone on this entire list, but still priced a little bit higher than most of the other microphones. So, just something you want to be aware of. This mic though does have great integration with the Roadcaster audio interfaces as well as the Roadcaster video switcher. So, if you want to incorporate using wireless mic systems like this for live events or podcasting, this is a great choice. Overall though, if you're a fan of Road, you know that their products are very reliable. They're very wellb built. They have really good customer support. And honestly, I still think this is one of the best sounding internal microphones on our entire list, if not the best sounding. Now, the final microphone on our list is the very recently released DJI Mic 3. This is their latest professional wireless mic system, and it's priced right now at $329 for two of the transmitters and one receiver, which also comes with the charging case. This has a lot of the same benefits as the DJI Mic Mini, starting with the case fits most of the contents inside of it, which is very, very smart. Size-wise, the Mic 3 is half the size of the DJI Mic 2, and it's the smallest pro microphone on our list. And truly, you can just tell when you use this thing, it is so tiny, and it feels like you're not even wearing anything. You also get that seamless integration with other DJI products like the Pocket 3 and the Action 5. So, you don't even necessarily need to use that audio receiver to capture great audio. There's also an interesting feature called 32-bit float dual file recording. So, it records two audio files when you use that 32-bit float feature. One is an original unedited 32-bit float file, and you might have to do some editing to that file in post-production. And then the other one is an algorithm enhanced audio file, which allows you to do a lot less post-processing and gives you a more enhanced version of that 32-bit flow audio file. Similarly to the Hollland Lark Max 2, you can pair up to four microphones to one receiver. And you can actually pair seven other receivers to one master receiver, having eight cameras rolling all at the same time, being perfectly in sync for their video and audio needs, which is a really cool feature. And here's a quick test of the noise cancellation. We'll go ahead and turn this on as a baseline. Now, here's basic noise cancellation that I just turned on so you can hear the difference. And here is strong noise cancellation. Now you can hear the difference of that. The one major flaw with this mic system other than it being the most expensive microphone system on this entire list would be that it has no 3.5 millimeter mic input. So you can't use lapel microphones or even like if you wanted to rig up a shotgun microphone to the mic 3 and transmit wireless audio that way. You can't do that. You're just limited to the built-in microphone on the mic 3. So, in a lot of ways, it's more like a DJI Mic Mini Pro than like a DJI Mic 3. So, I don't think the DJI Mic 2 that's been out for many, many years is even obsolete at this point because you can use that 3.5 mm input on that Mic 2 still. And I think that's a really valuable option. So, why would you choose this microphone in particular? It's got great sound quality. It's very compact, probably the most compact microphone on the Pro list, and it has all of that seamless integration with other DJI products. So, I do think it is a really viable option. But if I just had to choose one microphone on this entire list, what is the microphone that I think is the best option for beginners, for creators, for pros alike? If you want one microphone that's going to last you many years to come, I truly believe the newly releasleased Hollland Lark Max 2 is my personal favorite option on this list as evidence to the fact that I just shot several live events and chose this one microphone over the other 35 options that I have here in my studio because I truly believe it is the most versatile option on this list and the audio quality sounds awesome. Now, if you think I'm crazy and that there's a different microphone that should be the number one spot, please let me know down in the comments below. I'm curious what you guys think. is the best wireless mic system on the market right now for content creators and YouTubers. If you want to check out another video from us, you can go ahead and click or tap the screen right here to check that out. And we'll see you guys in the next

  Top Comments:
  1. @ThinkMediaTV [52 likes]: After hearing all the tests, which microphone do you think is the best value for the money? Let us know below ⬇
🔥Thanks to Storyblocks for sponsoring this video! Get 2 extra months free with annual plans for a limited-time only: https://storyblocks.com/ThinkMedia
📈 Want to break through on YouTube? Join our FREE 3-Day YouTube Growth Sprint for the ultimate plan to start getting views and grow your channel fast! ➡ http://YTSprint.com/
  2. @jcable0: any halfway decent mics under $20?Just to test the waters
  3. @nehaanil2189: Nobody mentions that the dji mic mini doesn't work with the native video app of iphone, via bluetooth. Have tested it with 2 different iphones. I tested it with third party apps as well, it didn't work. I was only able to use it only via an audio recording app which of course beats the purpose. I really wanted it to work, but unfortunately I had to return it. :(
  4. @runningvr: Godox Magic xT1 is one of the best mics with better sound quality than both DJI pro 2 or DJI mic mini
  5. @JigheadJones: Which mic would you recommend for kayak fishing streaming where i need pass thru charging to keep my phone charged and something that stops wind noise but keeps somw of the nature noise
  6. @godbodypooh6841: FN doing the whole video wit a Dji😒
  7. @616_StarDefense: A very reliable and clear concise video. Respect and cheers! :D
  8. @1upLegendsPrime: Unfortunately every YouTuber is just going to hold it in their hands
  9. @funkyjohnhuie: thanks! Any thoughts on the DJI Mic Mini combo that features their Mobile Receiver? It's $45 on Amazon, it has 2 mic minis and the Mobile RX, plus carrying pouch. I am wondering if it's a good price versus the Lark A1, only $5 less at $40, which seems amazing. Is the sound quality that much better vs. the convenience of the A1 and charging case?
  10. @FLTxxdxx: Super well made video and very informative. Congrats and thanks for all the info!
  11. @TheArtofGuitar: DJI3 is working great for me via bluetooth to my DJI Action 5. No issues....yet.
  12. @beaniebaee: def sounds like tony robbins
  13. @Rtas24: Dude W review. Lowkey sold on the first one as my starter set. Thanks for covering as much as you did for each of these!
  14. @AvinashRChaturvedi: Bad mic dji
  15. @AvinashRChaturvedi: सबसे खराब dji mic mini
  16. @talkprowithaman: Can a Hollyland mic connect wirelessly with a DJI Osmo camera?
  17. @amoghverma3108: Which one is best for Singers? 
Please let me know 😊
  18. @kadmielgeber4093: Can you use the boya with a laptop? With an adapter?
  19. @maiareinaldo: thanks for this video!!
  20. @kadmielgeber4093: You mentioned they are phone mics. Do you mean I can't use it with a laptop, for example, in a zoom meeting?

- If I Bought A Microphone In 2026, I’d Do This: Kind: captions Language: en Let me ask you a question. Do you actually know the difference between all of these microphones? If you're just getting into audio, whether it be for podcast recording, content creation, or music production, you need an affordable and reliable microphone. Because without good audio, you are screwed. My name is Sam Wymer and I'm a certified audio engineer with real recording studio experience and I'm here today to help you better understand your microphone needs. In today's video, I'm going to cover everything you need to know about microphones in just four simple steps. Now, each step is equally important, so make sure you stick around for the entire video. And I'll link any product I talk about in today's video in the description down below. So, let's take a look at understanding step one. So, there are three main types of microphones: dynamic, condenser, and ribbon microphones. But for today's purposes, we're going to skip over ribbon mics. Every microphone you saw at the beginning of this video was either a condenser or a dynamic mic. Now, dynamic and condenser microphones actually operate differently. They have different mechanisms built on the inside. So, naturally, they're used for different scenarios. Dynamic mics have a coil on the inside that moves based on changing sound pressure, while condenser mics have a small membrane stretched across the plate. But what's the main difference between the two mechanisms? Well, dynamic mics are super reliable and rugged. Microphones like the SH SM57 and the SH SM7B are great examples and are incredible options. These microphones have incredible sound rejection from the back, which gives you an advantage if you're recording in a noisy environment. They also have a bass presence feature, which means the closer you get to the microphone, the more bass will be present. This is why so many people opt to use this microphone for YouTube or podcast applications because it gives your voice that kind of booming presence. Now, condenser microphones tend to be a lot more sensitive than dynamic mics. They are really good for picking up a lot of fine detail, which is great if you have a nice recording environment. They also tend to be a little bit more fragile, so you kind of have to handle these guys with a little more care. Okay, so now you know the main difference between dynamic and condenser mics. Let's move on to step two. So, what do you plan to use your microphone for? Are you making YouTube videos, recording songs from your bedroom, or are you the guy in the friend group that keeps saying we should start a podcast? Guys, now I can't claim that these guidelines are going to work for everybody, but here are my general recommendations. Recording artist, if you're making beats in your bedroom or any room without soundproofing, get a dynamic mic. If you feel good about your sound treatment, then go for a condenser. YouTubers, get either a lapel mic with a receiver that can attach to your camera or a dynamic mic that can stay at your desk for local recording. and podcasters, just buy a Sure SM7B. You won't have to replace the mic. It's exactly what you're looking for. Just get the freaking microphone. [Music] Now, every microphone also has what is called a polar pattern. A polar pattern is simply just a graph showing where the microphone is more sensitive. Here are some of the most common patterns. The outline areas show where the sound will be picked up when recording. So, it's always important to know what kind of polar pattern your microphone has so you're using it to the full extent of its capabilities. And this is always going to be listed either on the Amazon product description or if you go to the supplers's website directly, you can find it listed there as well. Okay. Now, the first three steps were super important, but they are useless without step four. A nice microphone is truly an investment in yourself and in your future. It's a device that's close to magic and can capture your creativity to last a lifetime. My point is get a microphone of quality. Save up and get what you truly want and what you know is going to serve your creative purposes best. In the description down below, I'm going to link to all my favorite dynamic and condenser mics at different price points to hopefully make your life a little bit easier. Now, one final and very important thing is you're going to need an audio interface to plug this microphone into your computer, which luckily I have a video on audio interfaces right here. Leave a like or comment down below if you found this video helpful, and until next time, peace.

  Top Comments:
  1. @DurdensVision [1 likes]: I needed this video. Thank you... On to the audio interface one.
  2. @ImDELLL [1 likes]: love the video
  3. @benbenreviews10 [1 likes]: your videos very great, you explained everything clearly well done man you deserve a lot more subs
  4. @DarcheDaGod [1 likes]: amazing video
  5. @walky117: Hey Sam, great video! May I please know the webcam that you're using? Thanks!
  6. @ShadowGamerLP: Instead of making a video about it, here the simple and only guide you'll ever need. Budget People: FiFine. Mid-Range People: Hyper X. High End People: Shure/Rode. There you go, full mic guide. No Video needed.
  7. @Chitching: Great video brother Thank You! 

Question for you. I do Zoom sales presentations and would like something that gives a better sound experience for my clients than the mic on my MacBook Air M4.  Any suggestions?
  8. @NYPDX2000: You should make a more cost effective video for us broke people who dont have 400$ to drop on a microphone! Whats a good option for 100$ for making youtube content?! I'll never know because you offered nothing.
  9. @WolfusMusicus: I did not read all of the currently 177 comments,so maybe someone pointed it out before: The suppression of sound coming from 180 degrees is not limited to dynamic microphones. A condenser microphone can be even better at producing an almost perfect polar pattern, take Shoeps Collette capsules as extreme example. In the video https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O0zXUwWIFhI Julian Krause demonstrates this.
Good condenser microphones can be rather affordable these days. I use some Behringer B5 for decades and they never disappointed me with their sound or reliability - even coming with omnidirectional  AND unidirectional capsule. What you say about the ruggedness of dynamic microphones is definitely true, especially if the conditions might be damp (open air). In that case it is a good idea not to have  external voltage and active electronics in the microphone if you do not need it. Before I forget: you can get all the main polar patterns for both technologies.
  10. @fiveday592: I grandfathered in a AT875r short-shotgun I used to use as a backup boom mic, and brought it in as my desktop mic.  I had to be a bit cautious about the angle of it - wall reflections sound real weird using a shotgun indoors - but it works like a champ for basic indoor recordings.  Much easier fighting reflection cancellations than dealing with a condenser that picks up EVERYTHING in an untreated space.

I just didn't have an SM57 handy!  It worked out pretty well.
  11. @1IntereJurry: What microphone should I buy for for like chilling Discord and playing video games with friends? In best case: Shure SM7B, right? Is there an alternative for brokies such as me out here, studying half the day and not having th emoney to afford aa 500$ mic? But, NICE VIDEO <3
  12. @raedenjay: What if I want to record a church organ with a drummer in a church. Where the sound comes from
Multiple angles and it’s a big open area?
  13. @Josephsoto221: For beginner podcasters id actually probably recommend getting 4 SM57's with the pop screen, as you can buy about 4 of them for the same price as a SM7b and it is essentially the same microphone. with some very slight level changes I honestly cant tell a difference between the two
  14. @axsxhoff: Be careful with buying dynamic shure mics. They have such a low output db that the gain you add as well as the compression you will add might add more noise than if you just had a condenser mic. Specially if you have a computer making noise with fans.
  15. @MahmoudGhaazi: I'm starting out with this dynamic mic shure mv7+ i'm wondering if that's a good fit for me as i want to learn more about voice acting and voice over ... would you recommend it or recommend something else ?
  16. @lostsanityreturned: I would recommend the sm57 + official wind filter or if someone can afford it Se dynacaster dcm8 tbh. 

Failing that for a single usb mic... fifine k688 as it can be had for under $50 and performs exceptionally while having an xlr option. 

I would recommend the dcm8 over the sm7b or sm7db every day though. Performs pretty much equally but the built in preamp coupled with more frequency response switches means it is a better option for a wider range of voices. Plus it is better built and has a better pop filter. 
Not that the sm7b is a bad mic, it does what it does well. It is just not worth the price imo (I got my dcm8 for $150 brand new, my old sm7db however was $430)
  17. @คี-ซะมะ: 3:11 Okay, I'll just get one of those... (Looks at price). Okay, I will be looking for an alternative.
  18. @BeyondBordersFilms_db: I am not pleased with the dji mic 3. Does a shure sm7b is a big upgrade? For voice over
  19. @dorchi_media: Hi i need a mic for my room that's not soundproof and i just want to narration and its good to be price friendly
  20. @SanchoPandist: There isn't a podcaster on the planet that needs to spend SM7B money. Get an SM57 with an A55 shock mount and A2WS pop filter, and invest the $200 saving in a better audio interface. With a little EQ, an SM57 can be indistinguishable from a SM7B. The only possible drawback, is that an SM57, for snobs and wankers, may not look as cool as the the SM7B. In reality, it'll look cooler, and will certainly prove more useful for recording anything else.

- 4 Budget Microphones You Won't REGRET Buying in 2025: Kind: captions Language: en over the past year I've had the opportunity of working with two incredible companies to review their microphones we've had fine fine and Elgato what I've come to realize through testing a bunch of different mics is that they all have their own purposes and I've got four here that I want to show you today that I would consider to be budget microphones and all of them have their own strengths and weaknesses and of course they all have different budgets so let's put all of these Head to Head three things I quickly want to tell you before we jump into things just to avoid any weird complications number one this video isn't although these companies may have sent me the microphones in the past they are not aware of this video they don't get to edit or change anything they don't even get to watch the video before it goes live there are however affiliate links in the description if you want to buy any of these mics because I need to eat um number two is that there are no EQ adjustments until the final segment of this video so everything you're hearing is just raar going through USBC into my PC no changes modifications nothing just what these mics sound like when you buy them there are chapter down below if you want to skip to a certain segment but I do recommend that you watch the whole thing because there are microphones that are suited more towards a type of content that you could be creating microphones that are focused on voiceovers and streaming and podcasts it may just help you to get an earful of each microphone and then make your decision afterwards oh and after this point there's not going to be any music in the video because you came here to listen to the mic so you don't want to for some reason every Tech reviewer seem to do it it's like I'm going to show you the quality of this mic but you're going to have to listen to it with a low fire track in the background no fuing around let's dive straight into this okay so we're starting strong with something that looks similar to the shore sm7b which is a beautiful microphone but uh nope this is the first budget microphone this is the fine fine K 688 not only is this aesthetically one of the best microphones on the list but I think it's one of the best sounding it's got a really nice natural tone Great Sound isolation it's a really wonderful allrounder but I think the reason that I wanted it personally was because I wanted to get two short SM 7bs and that was going to cost me something like 700 quid I don't have that kind of money to just throw at a couple of microphones so for all intents and purposes this does the job it does it well and it's a fraction of the cost of what it's emulating now we move on to the fine fine am8 and this is a strikingly unique looking microphone I mentioned this in my main review but it's definitely it's hard to make this thing look unintrusive particularly when you get it in white it's like it just dominates the scene it comes with a stand which is cool but to get the best out of this microphone you really need it to be close to your face because it's got really thick filters without any EQ adjustments it's also pretty quiet even when you just put it at this kind of distance as you can see I've dropped down to -20 DB which isn't that big of a deal but it's just it's something to bear in mind if you don't know how to EQ things and add compressors where this one excels though in my opinion is the quality if you need a microphone for voiceovers this one is definitely my favorite the no isolation is absolutely incredible as you will see in a minute so if you have a lot of fans around you Xbox PC things like that or maybe you're trying to record videos in a house that's filled with family members that are incredibly uncourteous and would just want to be as loud as possible when you're recording this microphone I think could be a great option for you the fine fine tank 3 is honestly my least favorite of the bunch now as you can hear it's definitely not a bad microphone by any means it's just the other two shine in their own areas the am8 serves as a great microphone for voice over the K 688 is a great microphone for podcast and it's visually appealing so where does the tank 3 fit in well I think the answer lies in its build quality because this thing it's named tank 3 for a reason it is way heavier than all of the other microphones which should mean that there's more vibration resistance so if you're a streamer and you have a bunch of energy and you're flying all over the screen I think the tank 3 could be a great option for you so onscreen microphone SL podcast kind of vibe voiceovers and script reads and maybe voice acting this one could be the perfect microphone for live streamers finally we have what I would consider to be the allrounder this is the Elgato Wave 3 now I think the Elgato Wave 3 is fundamentally the most different microphone than the rest of the bunch not only because it's made by a different company but also because there's some things that are very different to the others see I haven't mentioned it beforehand but all of these microphones have both an XLR input and USBC meaning that if you have a fancy setup with mixes and monitors and all that kind of stuff and you want to do XLR you can and you'll be able to get the most out of the microphone by doing so but then even if you're in a cafe you can just sit down with an iPad to plug this thing in through USB and you can do whatever you need to do the Wave 3 however does not have XLR elgot to make XLR microphones like the DX but this one is just USBC it's also more expensive however there are a bunch of things that come with the Wave 3 that make it very different from the rest wavelink the software that comes with the G 3 microphone you see while the fine fine microphones generally work pretty damn well by themselves there's no way to really fine-tune them unless you go through XLR and you change all the settings with a big expensive mixer the wave three on the other hand comes with this software that is a suite of tools and plugins that include equalizers compressors Noise Gate and things like that things that you would need to make your microphone sound as good as it possibly could and we'll look into that towards the end of the video but not only does that software manage this microphone but it also manages every other device and music source and browser on your computer all at once in one little Suite of tools the wavelink software has genuinely changed the way that I manage my audio so while the microphone definitely is the most expensive on the list today and we'll get into the pricing in a minute the money you save not having to buy mixes and all the other tools to be able to get the most out of those other microphones do you think it's worth saving that money and then getting this you tell me I'm not going to say yes or no because again it depends on how you do things in terms of audio quality The Wave 3 is like the middle ground between all of those things it's great and it's actually my daily driver on my gaming channel primarily because of the software so if you want a device that will just do everything for you and isn't dedicated to voiceovers or podcasts you just want a device that can sit at your desk do all of your calls do your voiceovers do your streams the wave three could be the one for you now we're going to move on to plosive tests noise isolation and a bunch of other elements that may affect your decision when considering these mics I'm really curious as to which one you think sounds best so far let me know what you think Peter Piper picked a peack of pickled peppers Peter Piper picked a pack of pickled peppers Peter Piper picked a pack of pickled peppers Peter Piper picked a pack of pickled peppers she sells seashells by the seash shore she sells seashells by the sea shore she sells seashells by the seashore she sells seashores by the seashore now we have the noise isolation test over the next 15 20 seconds I'm going to talk to you and ramble while there's also some background noise I have an ambient Cafe kind of sound playing from my phone which is around about 20 to 30 cm away from the mic and I've got some music playing on the TV over here I was thinking about doing a wind test for these examples but then I sat down and I was thinking like would you be taking these microphones into an open field and recording a voice over but I mean they are USBC so you could just take them with your phone plug them in and record whatever you want wherever you want for the last test I'm actually going to tap each microphone a couple of times just to see how well particularly with this one and the shock mount the microphones absorb those vibrations I recognize that this probably isn't a deal for most people I think for anybody interested in live streaming this is definitely something to consider you don't want to breathe on the microphone [Music] just for it to sound like your grandma creaking away About to Blow Away In The Wind now before we jump into the final segment of this video which is the EQ adjustments and things like that I'll have a whole video coming out on all of that soon make sure you tap subscribe to stay up to date with that I always feel like those plugs are so forced to tap subscribe and like the video I want to sh a few technical details about this microphones and of course discuss the pricing for those who care about it if you're not interested in all that again use the chapters down below to skip ahead but there's some things like if you're thinking about accessories for microphones do you need the shock mount and such like stuff that you want to consider let's talk about it as I mentioned earlier on all of the fine fine microphones have the XLR and the USBC this one doesn't it's worth noting however that when using XLR on any of these microphones you do not need phantom power sometimes that's something you realize later on and you have to go and buy other stuff don't worry about it you don't need phantom power for these guys the frequency response on both the am8 and the tank 3 is between 50 to 16 khz whereas the K 688 is between 70 and 15 khz and the Wave 3 is between 70 to 20 khz so with my very basic understanding of audio engineering and feel free to correct me in the comments tell me that I'm an idiot but I'm pretty sure that that means when using the am8 or the tank 3 if you have a slightly deeper voice like I do these microphones are going to favor that deeper tone you're going to get that real Rich Basin however if you're using something like the Wave 3 or the K 688 if you got a slightly more feminine tone and you're a little bit higher pitched those vocals are going to sound a little bit better again feel free to correct me if I'm wrong I'm still learning about all of this if you're thinking about pop filters and shock mounts and things like that it's worth noting that the am8 actually has a removable pop filter it's also got a guard and then the actual diaphragm itself is just underneath that that's why the noise isolation is so good because this thing is it's thick like Kim Kardashian level thick for this guy and the K 688 also has the removable pop filter it's nowhere near as thick as the am8 you're not going to get that level of noise isolation but it is removable and the K 688 also comes with a built-in shock mount so you don't have to go and buy that separately and all the microphones come with microphone arm mounts and there's actually two thread sizes in each bit right in here so just make sure that if you have a microphone arm you're going to be using one that it fits what you need cuz I don't think you're going to even need adapters all of the microphones have dials that control both the gain of the microphone and the audio monitoring the pricing for the am8 starts at around about 55 bucks the k68 8 starts at around about 70 the tank 3 is around about 80 and the Elgato is the pricier one at around about 160 if that seems a little bit too expensive though like I said the main appeal for me personally is the wavelink software you can go ahead and get something like the wave Neo which is around about 80 bucks or the wave DX which is around about 110 and buying any of those will get you access to the wavelength software which again is the main appeal particularly if you're into streaming or content creation that alone is worth the price and you don't have to buy the mixer so that could be a reasonable trade-off for you finally to wrap up this video I'm going to turn on all of my EQ adjustments now these are you know tailored to my voice so I wouldn't entirely recommend doing what I do I'll have a video on how to set up yourself for your voice in the future that's probably coming in a week or two I'll be doing all this in the wavelink software not only adding EQ adjustments but also compressors and noise Gates again I'll have a full video on all that soon but are you ready for this 3 two one magic I never cared much for fine-tuning my audio until recently I'm still figuring things out but if you compare this to the sample a couple of seconds ago or even any sample of these microphones coming up throughout this video there's a big difference and I think it's definitely worth taking that time to learn about it and understand it it's definitely worth saying that although all this is being done in wavelength you can do this with pretty much any software or even Hardware Hardware is typically pretty pricey though to be able to get this level of customization this is just what works best for my workflow not only can you apply the filters and E EQ settings and things like that to the microphones themselves but you can also apply them to literally any other audio source that means you can add compressors directly onto your game playay so loud moments can be reduced and Quiet Moments can come up you can also add limiters so that you don't have to worry so much about balancing your audio when you're talking there's gameplay going on you got some music just makes life a lot easier the main reason I use wavelink is just for efficiency I feel like efficiency is part of my brand image now if that's a thing anyway you tell me how are you feeling about these microphones with all the EQ settings turned on it's the same settings just copy and pasted for each microphone but I think with the microphone's natural tones all being different you're definitely going to be able to hear that difference coming through that's all for this video I'm not going to go ahead and pick favorites like I said it is entirely down to you your workflow the way that you do things if you have any questions about the microphones the way that I do things or perhaps even the way that I made this video let me know down in the comments and I'll be more than happy to help you out I do definitely recommend that if you're interested in a specific microphone go and watch my review for that specific mic cuz I go into a lot more detail about how to set things up what makes them unique what they're good at and what they're bad at in those videos I love your faces you're amazing beautiful subscribe for more videos just like this and I will catch you in the next one

  Top Comments:
  1. @Helltee [3 likes]: Only just seeing this now but if anyone wants a thicker pop filter for the Fifine K688, it is the same size as the Shure SM7B so just buy that filter and put it on the K688 👍
  2. @ltsjan [2 likes]: you probably won’t see this but i do youtube in my free time and currently have the fifine am8 however my friend has the elgato wave 3 and i’ve just ordered it and your reviews helped me feel more confident about my purchase!
  3. @HalHem32 [1 likes]: The wave has like no plosives
  4. @elijah_bestie [1 likes]: I wish you wouldve include Elgato NEO
  5. @MorganAllena [1 likes]: What would you recommend for an untreated room, meaning it has a bit too much echo coming back. I work from my office which is hard floor and wooden desk so not enough furniture to absorb the echo and background sounds
  6. @flameinfiren5565 [1 likes]: Amazing videos bro, keep it up
  7. @hurf8378 [1 likes]: This the video I needed to see  W video
  8. @TheImmortalSnail-Zx5 [1 likes]: This helped me a lot thank you! I am currently looking into mics do to my headphone's mic messing up and breaking off the stand for no reason! I am currently looking into the AM8 with the stand
  9. @jasonlawrence4916 [1 likes]: I'd appreciate if you were able to do the tap test in a future video, but down on the desk or the stand. Most people would be making the noise down there. This video is super useful, and I am just amazed at the quality for the price of these mics. I think I need to go with the 688 just for the shock mount.
  10. @MooseMoto7 [1 likes]: I got the AM8 and its been terrible. Very quiet, crackling non stop when its being used where every time i use it in game EVERYONE complains. Switched out many cords and settings and never changed.
  11. @rolandoreo4035: Is it better to get the AM8 or the Fifine K688 if you speak about 6-7 inches away and move a bit while u speak. Or is the AM8 only audible and good when u speak right next to it
  12. @KaizenC-f2s: what arms are you using on the  am8 and k688
  13. @JohnnySokko: Ordered mine on Amazon July, 2023. Mine has the recessed capsule.
  14. @Spiderst01: Hey! i share a room with my brother he yells alot what do you recommend i was thinking the Fifine K688 Microphone but im not sure.
  15. @oreeyobeats: I had an am8 and k688 both great mics I’ve used for months absolutely love it but I hate the stands they come with yesterday the boom arm decided to bend and drop the k688 destroying the ring making it impossible to use. Now I’m buying an elgato wave 3 😂
  16. @RichardCalder67: This was exactly the content I was looking for today after my Yeti died. Ordered a K688 and a stand for it. Cheers!
  17. @Gxrome: What is best for recording vocals? Any reco?
  18. @ArcySama: fifine am8 is probably the best in this list especially getting it on sale, otherwise id just save a little more money to get to 100$ to get either a shure mv7 or a samson q2u. then you really dont need anything else from that point on. also your processing is far too loud
  19. @Fade_phantom_x: i was a voice actor and a streamer for a long time and i always struggled with audio quality (i recently started this youtube thats why theres nothing on it) but i thank you so much for this amazing review as it truly allowed me to get a listen into the microphones ur jokes are funny and ur editing is really good 
i would like to ask with any of these mics if i was to use the usb-c do i NEED any other accessories or is it truly just "plug and play" to put it simply
  20. @Yantonio7: your settings at the end makes your voice even Basss-ier, to much BASS* xD

- HOW TO FILM IN A SMALL SPACE - YouTube Setup For Beginners - Filmmaking 101: Kind: captions Language: en if you're trying to film your videos in a room the size of a large closet this video is for you three two one hi and welcome or welcome back to diy film with merle becker the channel where i help you make better videos i've got four great tips for you with regards to shooting in small spaces and i've got a bonus tip for you at the end of this video so be sure to stick around so many of you are shooting youtube videos or maybe films in your apartment or your house maybe you're doing makeup tutorials in your bathroom or maybe you're lucky enough to have an extra room that you can set up as a youtube studio but in many cases your room is pretty making your shots look great in a small room is challenging why well quite often shots in smaller spaces end up looking flat and sometimes relatively boring and the most common reason is because in a small space it's hard to add depth to your shot and shots with depth are generally more interesting so your goal in a smaller space is to add depth or create a setup that has a foreground middle ground and background so with this in mind here are four easy tips you can use for shooting in small spaces number one film in the corner when film directors are setting up their shots they're always thinking about how they can create depth because as mentioned shots with depth are more interesting so they often do things like shoot with a low f-stop so the background is blurry and the subject is in focus or they try to move their subject far away from the wall so again for the same reason but when you're in a small room you can't move your subject far from the wall because there's no room to do that but one thing you can do is shift your setup so that you have the corner of the room in the background instead of the wall giving you a little more space between the background and your subject having the corner in your background not only creates a little more depth but it also creates leading lines that draw attention to your subject again making the shot more interesting for those of you who don't know what leading lines are they're basically lines in your shot that point to your subject drawing the eye to your subject and for more unleading lines and other ways to frame your shots to create interest check out my other video on framing your shots i'll leave a link in the description so shift everything to the corner of your room and let the added distance and the leading lines add interest to your shot number two put small objects in the so say the corner trick doesn't work for you for whatever reason one other thing you can do to add depth is to add a few small objects in your choose objects that either relate to your video or your scene and make sure they're not too large or distracting and to place them either on the left or the right of the frame because by putting little objects in your foreground you're again adding depth you're making it look more like there's a distinct background subject and foreground in the shot so try a few different objects out until you find the right one and the right placement and see how this little trick instantly makes your shot more interesting number three add a backlight one of the most common ways to add depth to a scene is with lighting most of you are already using one light to light your subject's face but did you know that if you placed another light behind and above your subject you can create a little more depth you see when you place the other light called a backlight back here it makes this little rim of light on your subject's head it's like a little shiny halo on their hair and this halo gives a little more separation between the subject and your background to do this you can place your backlight on something like a bookshelf or maybe attach it to a pipe already in your room or i recommend picking up a relatively cheap light and stand from amazon and placing the stand to the right or left of your subject just out of the shot i'll leave a link to a cheap light you can use in the description just make sure your light is high enough over your subject's head so it's shining down on them and don't forget to check your framing to make sure the light itself isn't in your shot so add a backlight to your small room setup today to add depth interest and to make your subject really pop number four use colored lights in the one of the easiest ways to make a boring flat wall more interesting is to add a splash of color and one of the most dynamic ways to do this is with light in fact you see this trick all over youtube's creators often use colored lights on their small set to make it more interesting especially in smaller sometimes they use strings of colored bulbs sometimes i use colored lights shining on the wall behind them as for me i use a little luma cube in the back of my room which i like because it can dial in pretty much any color i'll put a link in the description so when placing your light by the wall put it relatively low and face your light towards the wall so that the color reflects off the wall and when you're choosing your color try to pick a color that somehow relates to your content or other elements on your set or better yet choose a color that complements the other things in your room so add some interest by sticking colored lights in the background and if you're at a loss for what color to choose pick one that relates to your theme and pretty soon your audience will forget that you're shooting in the closet alright so let's recap if you're shooting in a small room four ways you can make it more interesting are to film in a corner put objects in the foreground add a backlight and use colored lights in the background alright let's do a quick tip for those of you who don't have a dedicated youtube shooting room one of the most time consuming elements of your shoot is the setup but one quick way to cut down on that time is to first set up your shot so you love it then mark where everything goes with painters tape this means your light positions your camera position your props etc just stick little pieces of tape where each item goes and maybe write the item name on it if you need to then when it comes time to set up all you have to do is put everything back on the pieces of tape and there's no time wasted fiddling around trying to find the perfect shot you may have to look at some tape during the week but most would agree the time saved makes it worth it okay so go tackle that small space and make it shine and if you found any of this helpful please give the video a thumbs up subscribe and hit the bell so you know when the next one is posted and i will catch you next time so you

  Top Comments:
  1. @Rumankhan [4 likes]: Awesome content! YOU deserve Millions of Subs 🔥
  2. @Arunmangrol [3 likes]: Really helpful
  3. @SeanKennardRN [2 likes]: Wow!! Thank you for the SUPER helpful tips!! I'm setting up my room to start my YouTube channel soon and this was a perfect rundown to help me get started!
  4. @nichols9156 [2 likes]: Nice tips Merle👌
  5. @Maria-bz5mr [1 likes]: 🎉❤
  6. @cynthiaajmurray1827 [1 likes]: So helpful, thank you!
  7. @anne-liselarsen [1 likes]: Excellent tips! Thank you.
  8. @lemonysnick5171 [1 likes]: Wow, so helpful. Thank you!!
  9. @Garytyronejohnson [1 likes]: Great!
  10. @NineSevenPictures [1 likes]: great
  11. @melissahall7009 [1 likes]: Thank you! 💜
  12. @rob_cancilla [1 likes]: Great video! Really informative- appreciate it
  13. @stellivyhendrix [1 likes]: Wow! I'm a starting youtuber and this really helps ♥️♥️♥️
  14. @Kayontodesign23 [1 likes]: Thank you 🙏 great advice
  15. @SAZIZMUSIC [1 likes]: Awesome channel .. thank you very much. ❤😊
  16. @ghoztmoney1046: Hey, can I ask you a few questions about your work setup?
  17. @debrabardensteele9942: Hey, random but curious question:
How do you control your recording setup — the background, the sound, and the space — when you’re filming in a small or shared room?
  18. @benbella3073: Actually, I did not know that shooting in a corner is that different from shooting in a plain wall.

- Entire Youtube Studio Setup ON ONE DESK!: Kind: captions Language: en hey guys welcome back to the channel in this video we're going to be building a monstrosity youtuber's dream desk when it comes to a camera that is always ready to go at your desk with lighting audio it's all modular and can move around and we can record on our computer and use it as a monitor since it's right next to us so i'm going to be filming this entire video using the exact thing we're talking about and that we're going to be building in a previous video i did something similar to this but it was all on a rolling light stand and this setup is going to be a little more affordable than that one so here is the entire price if you buy all the stuff on amazon that we're going to be talking about that includes the camera the lens just absolutely everything and if you already have a camera and lens this is the cost to build this thing it's really not that expensive considering what all you're getting with it and what you can do with it all the sections of this video will be in the time stamps below including the parts list actually putting this thing together and then the final results and what all you can do with it so first i want to talk about why you would want to do this in the first place well i think there are several reasons a setup like this makes a ton of sense and the first one is going to be speed you can essentially turn this camera on turn this light on and start recording on your computer immediately which means you can edit immediately and upload very quickly so turn around when it comes to creating content with a setup like this is amazingly quick the second reason to do a setup like this is the space savings as you can see from the second angle we just have a desk with everything ready to go so if you're working out of your bedroom you can essentially add this to your pre-existing desk and you're ready to rock and roll likewise if you have a spare room you could have a separate desk or table build this thing maybe put it right smack dab in the middle of your entire desk and then you could have a laptop off to one side and create a ton of content very very quickly so we're going to get off to that a little bit later but first let's go over the parts list and since we're at a desk it makes sense to go ahead and push the camera back show that i'm at my computer and we can go ahead and jump in and take a look at this list so i'm going to hide quicktime here and pull up my spreadsheet with all the parts used so just like our last video when it comes to the camera and lens configuration we're using the sony a6400 and the sigma 16 millimeter f 1.4 none of these videos are sponsored by sony i just really enjoy this combination and we're able to capture 4k video which is really really awesome so you could go with something like a canon dslr or a canon mirrorless camera something from panasonic just about anything is going to work so the whole reason this is possible is because we are using visa mount arms specifically a post that attaches to your desk and several arms come off of it traditionally you use this to hold monitors but we're obviously using it for film equipment at 33 or so you'll be able to grab the main post and you'll get one arm out of the setup from there we're going to purchase two additional arms another short arm and then a three section long arm and we're going to use that for our main light we'll also need a tripod extension tube a tripod head of choice i'd recommend something lightweight i'm using a ball head in this instance we're also going to need a set of tripod screws in different thread sizes next we're going to need a light i am using this 1x2 flexible led light it comes with a frame it's super lightweight which is perfect for this build and that and everything else will be linked to in the description this light is dimmable comes with a remote and is by color so you're able to adjust the color depending on the room that you're in and that's where this thing really shines to adjust the light we'll need a small ball head that'll screw into the actual frame and from there we can move on to audio which is pretty much identical to my last video 13 mic arm with the rode video micro and an extension cable to run to our camera that's really all the parts you need there are a couple optional items that'll really help out though those include a power supply for the camera so you don't have to use batteries so if you want to just leave this thing set up all the time you just flip a switch and you're off to the races recording your videos that would be a great one to go with and then if you want to be able to record videos on your computer while you're at your desk using this entire setup you're going to need the cam link which is able to capture 4k video if your system can handle it and you'll be able to just record right on your computer immediately be able to view and listen to it import edit and upload without ever leaving your desk which i think is pretty awesome and if you're in a pitch black room without any white walls or any sunlight or anything to help you out you might also need some additional lighting check out my previous videos where i talk about a simple stand and the bowling p1 as really nice supportive lights if it's really dark in your room and last but not least you might need some software if you're going to be capturing footage directly onto your computer obs is a great free option i'm actually just using apple's built-in quicktime software which works natively with the cam link out of the box so let's start putting this thing together the first thing you're going to do is take the main post of this visa arm system which by the way is designed to hold monitors not film equipment but it's going to work just fine for this and you're going to attach it to your desk obviously it works great if you're doing it next to a computer but you could just use this with a table or a desk in a different room if you just want something that's super clean and ready to go all the time i could also see this being awesome if you do any kind of tabletop stuff you could always add a second camera if you wanted to so with all that done we're going to take the arm that also is included in this visa mount system we're actually going to remove the visa attachment from the end out of the box you'll have to add the visa mount potentially so just don't include that and you may need to remove a bunch of bolts and all the stuff at the end of this arm and at the end of the day you should have something like this a very simple square tube that has a hole on the top and the bottom at this point we're actually going to take a drill and i promise this is the only thing we're modifying here and having to like diy and we're going to actually enlarge the top hole just a little bit if you're going to do this i highly recommend using a stepper bit as this is very easy very safe and is going to give you a very clean hole without much effort our goal is to be able to take one of those 3 8 tripod threads and to stick it inside of that tube and up through the hole and then we can take our tripod extension hole and add that to the thread once it's all tightened down we now have essentially a baby little tripod that can be extended if you want your camera a little higher or drop down for a nice low angle from there you throw your tripod head onto the tripod extension and then add your camera and that takes care of the camera at this point you can freely move it around adjust the tripod head and do what you got to do next we're going to move to audio and essentially what we're doing here is adding a second one of these arms and clamping on our mic stand as you see here it just clamps right onto the end again i remove the whole visa end on this arm and what this allows us to do is not only fold this folding arm but then swing it out of the way and just completely hide it this keeps our desks nice and clean so there's no camera tripod sitting here there's no microphone arm here and i will say that you could obviously use this arm like it's intended to and clamp it to the edge of your desk that would work but the problem with that is your mic if you don't want it in your frame is going to have to be way out here or way down low somewhere and very far away from your mouth since we moved it up onto the swinging arm and then out over us we're able to get it much closer so my mouth is probably 12 inches away that allows us to drop our levels down gets everything cleaned up it just sounds better my mac here you might be hearing in this video is processing and you know recording this footage so it's fans are going but it's not you know super duper noisy so that takes care of sound of course we have that wired with our extension arm all the way on this pole and up to the camera what's cool about this system since it's designed to hold monitors there's lots of cable management so there's these little clips that attach to each of these arms allowing you to route all your cables you throw in a little extra velcro and you have a really nice clean install like you see here next up we're going to talk about the light now for this setup i bought a third arm and mounted it to this main post here now this arm's a little different it actually has three sections allowing it to be run really far out and then instead of removing the actual visa plate i left it there but i did take that stepper bit that we used earlier and expanded one of the holes on the actual vesa mount this allowed me to take another tripod screw run it through there and into this little ball head at the bottom in the base of the light so now the light is mounted securely make sure when you use that tripod screw that you go out and buy a little baggie of some lock washers you want to use this with this light setup because what it's going to do is prevent things from loosening so you can pick up a bag of those just about anywhere just bring a quarter 20 with you or 3 8 or whatever you're gonna use to make sure it'll work next we can take our light and go ahead and build the frame that comes with it and add the light via velcro and we're pretty much done with that you have a remote you're ready to go with your light we're then going to add a ball mount to the bottom of that light there's actually a quarter 20 in the frame of the light itself with all that done we can now mount it to our main post make sure you use the diffusion sheet that comes with it it just velcros onto the entire front of the light from there all that remains to be done is cable management so i routed the cable along this arm here down the center post same with our audio and if you're using the cam link with your computer you'll obviously want to plug that into your computer so with all that taken care of let's go ahead and talk about how to use this thing and what you can do with it okay so at this point we are rolling on the a6400 we also have our secondary camera so that we can see what's going on i'm also recording on the actual mac over here so that's the file we'll be using just so you can see how good or not good this looks i'm also going to go ahead and dim my computer screen all the way down so it's not giving us even more light we just want to show off what this light is doing so this is the first setup we have the camera pretty close to me i can easily touch the actual lens we also have it all the way down so this is as low as it can go it's significantly lower than you know my eye line so i'm kind of addressing down to the camera but that's a popular look that a lot of people use we also have great auto focus with this lens so i could just block my face with an object and it's going to catch focus this is great for product reviews you know if you're doing youtube video just a really nice thing to have so that's setup number one i'm going to go ahead and raise the camera up so you can see what that looks like there's the camera raised all the way up a lot more eye level than this of course i could adjust my chair if i wanted to as well and now we're gonna take the camera we're gonna push it all the way back so that you have something like this a really nice wide shot and this is great if you do any gaming or you know just want a really nice looking tutorial set up you can be like all right guys let's go ahead and dive in boom you're ready to rock and roll it's all right here you can have your notes here there's just so many reasons that this setup makes sense so i hope this video has at least given you a few ideas as to what you can do with a setup like this if you have a spare bedroom but not a ton of space for lights and stands and things and you have a desk or if you're just working out of your bedroom something like this would give you a ton of flexibility and allow you to create content quickly which is really tough to do here on youtube there's a lot involved in making a video so i hope you enjoyed links to everything will be in the description let me know if you have any questions thanks again for watching and we'll see you in the next video [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @dslrvideoshooter [306 likes]: Timestamps HERE. Thank you for watching!
1:02 - Why Build This?
1:56 - Parts List
5:02 - Build Guide
9:52 - Example Shots
  2. @smartfoxhelp [3 likes]: A very late reply in a long list of them, but this video was paramount in helping me set up my new Youtube studio. I also modded an arm (as instructed) to hold an iPad and another to hold a RodeCaster. Very useful and versatile hack. Thanks for making this!
  3. @Raofin: This a fantastic video, thank you.
  4. @tomaszmikutel: great video, what light would you recommend for artists with camera mounted above the monitor (overhead)? Will ring light be better as it can wrap around the dslr camera? I would rather use soft box but I am not sure if it would not drop the shadow from the camera into desk area.
  5. @ArtistSushilTambe: 👍
  6. @SINISTA_ONE: Creative way. Thank you :very much. Wiley67
  7. @ChrisBryantVideo: Massively helpful - bought most of the rigging and just set it up. Looks awesome! Thanks, man.
  8. @CharuHarshaliWasnikar: Hey - Sorry to be late to this video … looks like 5 years late 

But I have Sony a6400 and I would love to use it with my MacBook Pro to record video or to use it like a Webcam 

May I know if you had to download Sony Imaging Webcam software or any other software 

I am using Sony Imaging Webcam software but I am unable to get the video feed 

Appreciate if you could help out 

Thanks
  9. @MBStoryteller2: Don't add this light on ur head it will get blast 😂😂😂
  10. @TheNeighborsTrash: After hours of searching I finally found the solution that will work for me. Thank you.
  11. @iraklicgi: The video itself is great, full of value but I wouldn't buy all these equipment if I don't have any experience with talking to camera or personal branding I'd start with basic things like cheap basic lighting and my iPhone for recording
  12. @TheVisionCenter2010: Hi,  what if I would like to use my Iphone as a camera and teleprompter? Is there a different mount you would recommend?
  13. @cosmicfxx: FOSITAN FL-3060 2nd Gen Video Lighting no longer available :( ... what's alternative?
  14. @rirosman: Thank for the great show.
  15. @LEGENDARYTACTICALTECH: is a gopro, dslr or webcam be alright as a secondary camera?
  16. @HerodeStinfil: Merci bro kite jesus Beni amen amen y ❤😂😂
  17. @BeeMLNR: What lights did you get
  18. @kengasmin2434: Thank you sir! nice one..
  19. @sorosfox3801: Bravo!! What a great video. Very helpful. Thanks
  20. @Digital963: Wow the total cost is INSANE 🔥🔥🔥💪🏼 it’s literally cheaper than one of my cameras without a lens. Really appreciate you making this video, I’ve been struggling to make myself a static setup at home that I don’t need to break down and put back together every time I need to use it or am done with it. This gives me some great ideas, thank you!

- The Ultimate Small-Camera Setup for Big Adventures: Kind: captions Language: en Have you ever wondered how to film an epic travel story on the road without bringing a ton of gear? I've done that reaching over 6 million views and generating revenue to fund my adventures. And the crazy part is I use only these four cameras and in this video I'm going to show you exactly my method and how I use them on the road. And I'm going to share with you the single most important mindset that will make or break your video. So let's go! So if you're new here, my name is Robert Baldinger. I make motorcycle adventure videos and educational how-to content and things like that. So if you like it, please subscribe. So making a film like this is mainly two parts. It's the shooting part and the editing part. It's easy to focus a lot on the editing part but we're going to focus on the shooting part, what I do on the trip, because you can only edit what you actually shoot, right? And the big trap there is to think that you're shooting a motorcycle video or you think you're shooting an adventure video. We're doing none of that. So this is the most important mindset. What we're filming is always a film about human emotions and reactions to the environment and situations that happen. That's what we need to focus on on the trip. How was that, Mathias? That was great! Because perhaps you're going on motorcycle adventures and why do you do that? It's because you feel things and your buddies and yourself you have reactions and you laugh and you go through struggle and everything. It's all about feeling something and if you want to make a movie that is interesting to watch that is what you need the audience to feel also. That's the whole point of doing what we do. So let's start with camera number one. The most important camera is the helmet mounted action cam. It can be wherever you want on the helmet, but yes, it's good to get the point of view footage of you riding your bike, seeing the road and the bike and everything. Yeah, that's cool. But the most important part of this setup is the audio. Remember reactions, feelings, all of that is happening in the audio. Oh, this is amazing! So you need to rig your camera to capture your voice if you're solo so you can see and react and tell the viewers what you're feeling. But the real magic happens if you're in a small group, you all have intercom and you have this connected so you can hear all the chatter on the intercom because that's where a lot happens, laughter and you hear someone fall and they react to a view and everything. Oh, look at this! What a view! Wonderful! Really wonderful! So this audio is being captured. I have the camera rolling even if I use a different camera for the actual visuals, but capturing whatever goes on in the intercom is extremely important. That's why it's the most important one. So while riding the second camera I use is the 360 camera and this I use to just mix up the viewing angles and stuff so I don't only have a helmet cam. And this is extremely versatile of what you can do with it. So this is the Insta360 X5. My main position of this camera is here on the handlebar like that and I use that to film back at myself. But also if something happens on the road that passes and I don't even see it, I can see it when editing. So I can get all the 360 stuff going on here. I can look straight down and stuff like that. I also extend it sometimes. Just remember when having it on the more elongated stick here now, it's more prone to start shaking and you can pull this out. This is not 3D sadly. It would be really cool if it was. But when it goes out like this and you go on bumpy roads, it looks like you're fishing or something. So keep it short there unless you have some other setup. And to get more angles, I put them for instance here on the rack. If you have crash bars or things like that. I don't then that's the 360 owner's dream because you can mount stuff all over the bike. Here we get a rear view of everything and in the same shot I can get video of the people riding next or behind me and so on. So that way it's really versatile. And sometimes I even do like this and ride with it in my hand. You need to be pretty safe here because it's not that easy to manage it where you have to let go with the hand or do some double trouble stuff here. But using it with your hand like this is also a way to get cool shots with a 360. So now camera 3. Very important camera for the footage you want to bring home and that's the more cinematic footage. Handheld camera some of some sort that you film your buddies passing by or going through puddles or whatever. Filming what you're eating and letting your buddies talk on the camera or whatever. You need that handheld camera and I tried a lot of cameras for this one. The big DSLRs with fantastic lenses and everything. That's too much for me and I also tried the small pocket cameras and DJI pocket 3 with gimbals and everything. But I always end up using the one and only fastest camera. There up, secure, shoot. I'm shooting now. So my iPhone is what I end up shooting most of the things around me with because the cameras are fantastic now. You have three lenses. This is the 16 Pro. Always evolving but yeah, and also it has one terabyte of memory. So yeah, I end up shooting with this one because it's so fast. It's always there and you can only use the footage that you capture and this captures a lot. Camera number four the drone, of course quite important to get those epic nature shots of you in it riding or just flying around showing some beautiful nature stuff. Also establishing shots when you're in a town somewhere and you want to show how it looks where you are. When riding in epic nature environments I see that it's getting close to a drone shot here. Then I always just start the remote because that's what takes the longest time actually. And I have it mounted on my handlebar. Just with a sticky cup on there and on this handlebar clamp that I have. Ready to film. And in my tank bag, I have the actual drone, of course. Just pop off the lid start it up and while already sitting on the bike I can send it up and fly around. Hmm so three modes usually that I use either I fly up and start the active track to follow me when I'm riding or someone only in certain circumstances because that it's not very fast. So you have to go like 35 kilometers an hour maximum so it needs to be a bit technical for it to look cool. Otherwise, it just looks slow. Another mode is the cruise control. I start behind me and just set the line. I see I can see the road and I start just the drone going straight. No cool follow me stuff. It's just going when I press the cruise control button it just keeps going in the same direction. If I really want to be creative I'm not in the shot myself. If I'm in a group, I just stop and say okay go ride that trail. I follow you and do whatever I want. Yeah go! Without me in the shot so but it becomes cool shots anyway. So yeah drone very handy and I have the mini because in most countries that I've ever been it's under 250 grams. You don't need any special permits. You just need to stay within the law, but you don't need to apply for permit to fly even in the US and in Europe and everywhere. So a few things on power management. These cameras all go on batteries of course but they last usually a full day with one battery and that's because I only film when I think there's something to film. I don't put up the 360 and run it all day. Only when I want and I always have one set of charged extra batteries so I only for one day only need one extra backup battery just in case. Also for power management especially the action camera helmet camera and the 360. Those two cameras I have a setting to film maximum five minutes and then they just turn off. I never normally film more than five minutes or I don't want to film more than five minutes in one go. But the most common thing is to forget you're filming. You press record, two hours later battery is drained, memory card is full of just one long single shot and that goes for the 360 as well. And then some extra tips and tricks I guess. I bring my sort of bits and pieces bag the small parts organizer from mnduristan with all the cables and stuff that I use. So I have these credit card size memory card holders where I have my empty and full so whenever a memory card is full I take it from the camera into the black one and I pick a new one from the red one which has empty. I occasionally also do backups so I have this two terabyte Samsung disc called T7 which is suitable for my bike I guess. So I have that and with the mobile phone I have one terabyte here I can connect my camera with directly to the phone. I can just plug in my phone directly to the camera with USB-C. I love that iPhone finally came with a USB-C cable. So I can dump this on my mobile phone now as I mentioned I have one terabyte of data here and then I can plug in my T7 and dump it on there. I have even more pro way to do that with a small USB hub like so and now I can connect my SSD disc in here and my camera and using the app file browser pro on iPhone I can do incremental backups from the camera directly to the SSD. So and that's very convenient because if I have half a terabyte of memory card in my camera I don't want to back up the full camera all the time so with that app the the file browser pro I can make these backup tasks that only sends over new files to the disc. What you film on these cameras during your rides and when you're moving you don't know what's going to happen you will film it and you get the audio and the reactions and everything but there's a routine you need to learn and perhaps that's the hardest part but you need to talk into the camera you need to start and I have a sort of a routine every morning sometimes midday and when we're done riding for the day take up the camera and talk to it and ask your friend how was how was today or if it's in the morning what are we going to do today and what's your expectations of that and just share your thoughts feelings and everything on the camera because we need to say it because the people watching aren't there they don't know it they need that conveyed somehow and you do it you're you're you're cold you're hungry you're happy you're exhausted whatever share that very important maybe that's the thing you need to train the most to be the awkward guy with the camera also bonus tip if you're on a trip with friends usually people have action cameras but they don't really do anything with the footage you go and steal that content I have four cameras but I go ask oh you filmed that can I download that from your camera can I get this and that just to add up from a few angles and maybe I filmed something but I know someone else did too I can borrow that little clip and and just add that as a different angle from someone else's bike and if you have these mounted cameras that you can mount on your bike if you're a group riding don't be afraid to mount your camera on the other guy's bikes also so that's basically it you know what's most important now and later I will show you what I do when I get back home with all the material the editing process because then you add things on top of this and and so on so but that's for later the most important is that you come home with the material ready to tell a really epic interesting adventure story right if I missed something if you're still curious about things drop me a line in the comments if you did an adventure movie already drop the link feel free to do that I'd like to see and see what you've done and we'll go from there thank you for watching and stay tuned also I have a newsletter now yeah link down here so I'll share things and thoughts and cool stuff on there all right see you later bye-bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @rbaldinger [7 likes]: 👉🏻 Join my free newsletter on https://baldinger.se
Show me your adventure videos by posting your link below!
  2. @MidCoastAdventures [1 likes]: As a smallish Australian ADV content maker, this video has been terrific. Managing cameras, batteries, storage has always been a battle - especially when doing multi-day camping rides! Anyway, thanks for all the great tips! Cheers buddy 😎👍
  3. @PhilHaddon [1 likes]: You're an absolute natural at this YouTube stuff🤷🏼‍♂️. Love watching your content.
  4. @TarkMalbot: TOP Tip! If you connect your phone to the T7 don’t CUT and Paste the files as the iPhone will leave a hidden “trash” folder on the SD card making you think it’s empty but still full. Copy and Paste them and then delete the video files or format the SD card in the camera.
  5. @ricardoenmotoca: really nice tips, appreciate what you doing for our community... but away You are really welcoming to ride with me here at Vancouver...
  6. @GustavoUrena: Hi. Loving your videos from nyc.  I have your same camera set up and I have a Quick question, I’m having problem setting the camera to shoot for 10 mins only for the 360. Does it have an option like the helmet camera?
  7. @brunosoudy5811: Je suis plutot porté sur la photographie et tu as raison l'iphone aide bien pour cela et la vidéo. Ta vidéo est pleine d'astuces et on peux t en remercier. L'ensemble de ce matériel doit être recharché souvent batteries de secours ou pas. Quand tu pars plusieurs jours sans points électriques disposes-tu d'une power bank. As-tu un conseil à ce sujet. A bientôt sur tachaine que j'apprécie beaucoup. Si tu pouvais faire un retour sur l'AJP cela serait fort intéressant.
  8. @NordicBikepacking: I really liked your video! It's exactly what I'm looking for. I've just started out and would like to eventually be able to make the kind of films you're making. My first video is not even close to yours but still here it is: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WQWmJbEJ9vg
  9. @kiwiadventurer: You make exceptional warm and interesting videos Robert. Thanks for sharing your ideas (Subscribed) I've been off line with no uploads for over six months due to life getting too much of my time. Its time for me to reappraise and regroup what camera's I need. When I'm not on my Africa Twin I'm riding my Honda 300 Rally doing the more remote stuff in New Zealand's South Island. I travel fully self contained with two gopro's and and a DJI Mini 4 Pro because that is all I have room for. Like you I download footage via phone to samsung hard drives via my Belkin multi hub. Because the hard drives are ss I don't need a battery bank. I have dated folders with sub folders for each camera for each day of the adventure preloaded into the harddrives because downloaded footage can be a nightmare if not done carefully. I would like to use a 360 but but haven't had enough time to study the editing side of them, and  I want to keep things as uncomplicated as possible. I've sold the 300 Rally and have prepared a Suzuki DRZ 400 for my 2027 Sth Island remote adventure in New Zealand's Sth Island. I love the process of recording and editing into a story my rides. Our feelings are who we are and your vids show that.  Some of my best results have been not letting my pride get in the way when showing my viewers drowning my bike. There's some thing about how we relate to other's misfortunes when we've done the same thing ourselves. I look forward seeing more of your handiwork, they come across so natural. Cheers
  10. @migg2810: What backpack do you use? I'm concerned about vibrations on equipment
  11. @miro_s: Thank you, very useful. Im just finding my way around with this stuff, not planning to become a youtuber, just build memories for myself and friends. Curious as to what brand/model is your chin camera and how do you switch it and the 360 on the handlebar on and off, do you have one or more remotes? Also, how do you protect the lenses, especially the 360’s bulky ones. Cheers.
  12. @mujuco.mcdanmark2931: Hello Robert

Thank you for the great and highly informative videos! 

What camera mount do you use for your Arai Tour-X helmet?  It seems like a great alternative to the clue-mount plate.

Gretings from Copenhagen! 

Best wishes,
Dan
  13. @danielmatthieu: Hello
Thanks for This vidéo it s verry interesring 
Could u told me what are thé settings you use for the insta 360
Thanks
  14. @juanl.burlew5370: Great set up, I was seriously overthinking what I tought would be a good set up, UNTIL, I discovered the 360 pro camera, and that made me change my mind, but you also helped reinforce that and added to the quick action shots with the iPhone instead of a DSLR or mini 35mm... Thank you for your tips and contributions!!!!
  15. @networker-wildrats: Great tips. Thanks Robert
  16. @rogier615: Very helpful and no-nonsense, tx for sharing Robert! 🇸🇪
  17. @uponmybike4428: Great content! How do you decide when to turn on the camera? Can you elaborate on the mental framework you developed when choosing when to turn on the cameras? thank you
  18. @FxRiderST: I see that you have no distortion (except one fisheye probably purposely done) using the 360 camera. Everyone using it has a hideous destortion.    
How do you do that? Do you film using a single lens?
  19. @throttlefrontier: I have been learning a lot from watching your channel and I really enjoy what you do. I just started my channel and have about 20 video that also included my shorts. I'm going into this full time and really trying to hone in on story telling and trying to keep it interesting. I am getting more cameras and a drone this month. My goal is to spend th enext 20 years growing my chnnel and traveling while sharing stories. I live in the black hills of South Dakota where Mount Rushmore is. Lots of history and I want to share that while on a motorbike, I have a KTM 450 EXC for moto camping which i'll start soon as our winter is over and i have a BETA 300 xtrainer for single track. So both bikes will allow me different kinds of riding.

if you ever have time let me know what you think of my channel, I know it needs a lot of work and I will get better as tine goes on. Thank you much and keep up the great work :)

https://www.youtube.com/@throttlefrontier
  20. @timdixon714: haha man your reaction to whatever want clunk on the floor at 9:23 gave me a good chuckle.

Coming from hard enduro and mx, getting into ADV riding, loving your videos Robert. You seem very honest and sincere, love you AJP bike! You're video's have helped me lock down what type of bike I'm building and gear i'll put on it, cheers mate!

- 5 Simple Tips for Better Talking Head Videos (Beginner Guide): Kind: captions Language: en A lot of people think their talking head videos would be better if they just had a shiny new camera. But I can tell you from experience that's not the case. In this video, I'm going to share five simple tips you can implement without buying any new gear that can instantly level up your talking head videos. And to drive this point home, I'm actually filming this video on my iPhone and using a budget lavalier microphone. The first tip is to fix your ey line, which is where your camera sits in relation to your eye level. If the camera's too low, you end up looking down into it and that can feel awkward and disengaged. Or if the camera's too high and you're looking up, that can feel really stiff or unnatural. What you want is your camera just slightly above eye level. Not way up, just enough that you're looking straight into the lens and not down at it. A simple trick is to raise your camera a few more inches than really feels normal. Record a short clip and then watch it back. Most people are surprised at how good it looks. And this simple trick alone can make your videos feel more confident and more intentional. The next thing to fix is lighting. And this is where beginners can really over complicate things. You don't need multiple lights. You don't need fancy colors. And you don't have to light up the entire room. The reality is one soft light pointed off to the side at about a 45° angle will almost always serve you better than multiple harsh lights pointed straight at you. The thing to remember is it's not about brightness. It's actually about softness. You want a gentle light that wraps around your face and not harsh shadows or blown out highlights. A good rule of thumb is your face should be the brightest thing in the frame. If the background is competing for attention, the lighting is actually working against you. Keep it simple. The reality is one soft light aimed well is going to take you way farther than multiple lights stacked on top of each other just because you think you're supposed to. The next thing to fix is your audio and specifically how close your microphone is. Many beginners, just like I did, keep the microphone too far away because, frankly, it feels awkward having it up close. But this is actually the fastest way to make your audio sound thin, echoey, and amateur. A simple rule is your microphone should be closer than really feels normal. Whether it's a desk mic, a shotgun mic, or a lavalier mic, getting the mic closer to your mouth is fuller, richer, and more professional. The reality is that clean audio matters more than good video. Viewers can forgive the bad lighting or a messy background, but if they struggle to hear you, they're gone. So, before you buy a new camera or tweak your lighting again, just move the microphone closer, record a test clip, and watch it back. Most of the time, this one change makes a bigger difference than you might think. The next thing to focus on is your delivery and specifically how fast you're talking. Almost everyone talks faster on camera than they actually realize, especially when they're nervous or trying to get everything right. The problem is talking faster makes the message harder to follow and it actually makes you sound less confident than you actually are. A simple fix is to slow down by about 10 to 15%. This usually means pausing a little bit between thoughts and letting a sense finish before jumping to the next one. And the weird part is that when you're recording, it's actually going to feel too slow, but then when you watch it back, most of the time it sounds clearer and more confident. And if you're not sure, record two test clips, one at your normal pace and one at a slightly slower pace, and just compare them. I think most people will prefer the slower version. The last tip is about how you record, and this one makes everything easier. Don't try to record your video in one perfect take. That's a lot of pressure and almost guarantees to make your delivery worse. Instead, break it up into short sections. Finish a section, pause, reset, and then move on to the next one. And if you mess up, you only have to redo that one section. And this does two things. First, it helps you stay relaxed and sound more natural. And second, it makes editing faster and easier because you're not digging through one absurdly long clip trying to find some good parts. The viewers don't expect perfection, but they do expect clarity. Recording in short sections means you only have to focus on saying one thing well at a time, and that's really how better talking head videos get made. So, if you focus on these five things, you don't need better gear. You just need better habits. Simple adjustments like camera height, simple lighting, cleaner audio, slower delivery, and recording in sections really adds up fast. And once those are dialed in, everything else gets easier. If you're just getting started, don't overthink it. Pick one of these tips, apply it to your next video, and then step up from there. That's exactly how you get better over time. Let me know in the comments if any of these tips resonated with you. And if you like this video, please consider subscribing for more content like this. And you can click here for more videos to help on your content creation journey.

  Top Comments:
  1. @JamaicaMadeMeDoIt [1 likes]: Thanks for the lighting tip!  Lighting is the bane of my existence because I wear glasses.  I hate ring light reflection!  As far as doing multiple takes, I find that Inshot and Descript pretty much take care of that with text-based and intuitive editing.  You can pause speaking as long as you like, and both of those will remove dead air during times when you're regrouping and resetting.
  2. @profe.harriet [1 likes]: Thanks so much for practical, budget friendly tips!

- Hiding a Mic in Plain Sight: Kind: captions Language: en Hey indie filmmakers—Griffin here. Today I want to make this shot sound better. I’m hearing too much room right now, because it’s a really wide shot and my mic has to be farther away than I’d like. Of course I could get much closer with a lav mic, but I don’t want to see this in the shot, and I don’t always like the sound I get with a lav. It can be really bassy against my chest, and it can rub against clothing. Let’s bring the mic into the shot, all the way down into the shot. Now I sound much clearer! So today I’ll show you how easy it is to cover this thing up, but still get all the benefits from a close, invisible mic. Most of the time, I shoot interviews pretty close, and it’s easy to keep the mic just below the frame. But as you can see in this interview from my film Sriracha, in a wider shot, sometimes I mess it up. Nick: Back up a little bit for me. Nick: Back the mic out a little bit for me. Luckily, most of my interviews are on tripod, and all I have to do is find one clean part of the shot, mask that on top, and no one knows how often I make mistakes. Here’s how we can get rid of this offending microphone in Final Cut Pro X. I'll start by holding option and dragging this clip. That quickly creates a duplicate. I'll lower the audio on this extra one. And then, I'll bring up the T tool. That's the Trim tool. And if I drag across the clip, it'll change the in and out points at the same time, and I can find a part of the clip that doesn't have a microphone in it. Just a clean plate—this part's perfect. Now if I go to Effects, under Masks, and drag Draw Mask onto this clip, I can now draw an area just around the microphone. So I'll disable this clip with V first, just so I can see the microphone again. And now I can draw around it. I'll set some control points here. And now when I re-enable this clip, it hides the microphone. And I could add some feathering, just to make sure that no one will ever see this mask. Five years ago, I shot a commercial with a lot of chicken noise in the background, so this is the first time I realized I could put a mic blatantly in the shot. As long as none of these chickens fly up into the top part of the frame, masking out the mic is easy. I’m still using that technique today. When I interviewed photographer Ben Grunow in Switzerland, I placed myself right in the locked down shot, so I could control his eyeline. I wanted his eyes looking near the camera, and I’d also love the best audio possible. Just be careful that hands don’t move behind this invisible microphone, or anything else moving in the background. So you know the drill: Find a clean frame, draw a mask, and cover the secret microphone. It may feel like cheating, but don’t feel bad about it. Hollywood has a tradition of hiding mics in plain sight. "There’s a microphone right there in the bush. You have to talk into it.” Thanks for watching, and if you’re curious about the mics that I’m using, you can go to griffinhammond.com/gear for a full list of the equipment that I use, including this Rode NTG-3 microphone. And if you missed it last week, here’s a link to watch my review of the SpiderLight holster. [to Andy the cat] Hey friend!

  Top Comments:
  1. @808Stat3 [1 likes]: Oh my god .. I never even think of this .. Hammers. NEW SUB brother.
  2. @tomfenn7149 [1 likes]: Clever! Anyone know how to pull this trick off using Lumafusion?
  3. @patrickclarke9625: I'd give you a million likes if I could.
  4. @estienne1948: So simple ! I never thought about it !
  5. @ahnottingham: Love it! I just did that the other day. In addition, my video card can knock out my screen and mic. Then I just put a green screen effect behind.
  6. @azmirov: No way! That is brilliant! Thanks for sharing.
  7. @jordan-mackintosh: This is gold!!
  8. @basemsaid9963: Amazing.. thanks pro
  9. @FaolainHawk: Thank you for this!!
  10. @keiranikaela: Thankyou! Very helpful trick 😇
  11. @frankherrgott: Fantastic. Thank you. Very good trick
  12. @JasonChannelOne: Fantastic tutorial!
  13. @oneeyedphotographer: Interviews are done around the world using lav mikes, sometimes "head worn" mikes on a talk Interviewers such as Michael Parkinson, Andrew Denton.  I saw Terri and Bindi interviewed on American TV, wearing lav mikes. People are so used to seeing that I think this is a solution looking for a problem.
  14. @johnsguitarmusicanddemos: That’s an awesome trick that you’ve got.
  15. @taym.almaskati: cool
  16. @13_cmi: This is probably a bad idea with autofocus but sitting down not moving autofocus isn't isn't inin. So just yes
  17. @travistyler3369: BRILLIANT. Simple. Can't wait to try this!
  18. @NADICHANNEL: I feel like I owe you 2000 dollars
  19. @martyxke: What a simple, but devastatingly effective idea. Thanks for sharing :)
  20. @Tanoaproductionsfiji: Ha! Most times the simple tricks are best! Nice tip! Very useful! Thank you!

- 10 MIND BLOWING Hacks for Talking Head Videos: Kind: captions Language: en hack number one for creating a talking head video that doesn't just bore the crap out of your audience is to make a video on a heavily searched or a proven topic I mean why on Earth would you make a video that nobody wants to watch if you do all of the other nine hacks in this video but you ignore this first one the other nine aren't going to matter so do this one first hack number two and it seems obvious but at least outline your script you got to know what you're going to say before you hit record if you don't if you're just going to kind of wing it you're going to ramp and repeat yourself and it's going to be so boring people are going to bounce step number three cut out every pause and every time you repeat yourself very few of us can make it all the way through a video without making a mistake rambling or having a big empty uncomfortable pause so get rid of all of them and in another hack I'll show you how to make that look natural so it doesn't feel like you're just cutting up all of your sentences number four and every beginner gets this wrong including me when I first started don't do an intro never ever start a video with hi my my name is Trevor I'm a Hollywood editor turned YouTuber I like it better on YouTube blah blah blah like nobody cares did you notice how I started this video I started with hack number one I just just got into it hack number five use pattern interrupts what's that you simply change add or do something different every few seconds in the first 30 seconds which is the most important you got to hook them you want to change something every one or two seconds and in the rest of your video you should be changing it up every 2 to 5 Seconds seconds and what are you changing it up with what are these pad interrupts that's what the rest of these hacks are by the way you you got to know your audience if your audience is 17-year-olds hyped up on Red Bull in between gaming sessions you better be fast-paced because the attention span is going to be like almost nothing if your audience is 95y olds that are still watching black and white movies you might want to slow things down and you don't have to change things up as much hack number six is just to change the angle you can have two cameras set up so you can look at One camera and then go looking back at the main camera again and back and forth and that little bit of difference that little bit of pattern interupt will keep people more engaged than if you were just staring at the same camera the entire time if you don't have two cameras you can just use your phone like I did right there or if you just have one camera which is your phone you can just cut between a white shot like this and a close-up shot like this that's also the way you get rid of pauses and mistakes you cut all the bad parts you slide the stuff together and you go from a wi shot to a close shot shot to a wide shot to a close shot and you don't notice that there was a bunch of pauses and mistakes in between there it feels pretty natural it's a fake way to have two cameras hack number seven use music now for talking head videos we were talking giving instruction how to stuff for long periods of time I hate when they're just like random music playing in the background because they think it makes it interesting but if you use music on purpose to break it up there's no music in Sly there's a lot of music because you're talking about something dangerous did you you know that I just sailed around the Cape Horn of the Pacific Point conception and we could have died see all that music there just made it way more dramatic and made it stand out hack number eight use b-roll this me talking to the camera this is a-roll b-roll is anything else that you see generally it's going to be something that I'm talking about for example if we add some B- roll to that last clip with the music it looks like this you're talking about something dangerous did you know that I just sailed around the Cape Horn of the Pacific point conception and we could have died how much more interesting was that segment with a couple b-roll shots than just staring at my my face you can obviously film your own b-roll so that's why you should outline and plan your script so you can make sure that you've got the the footage to insert or you could subscribe to a service like art list or story blocks where you have basically unlimited b-roll of just about anything so if you're making a video about hot air balloons and you don't have any footage of hot air balloons you got some epic footage like you're watching right now or or you could delegate all of your editing to editing machine. and let them find out that b-roll footage for you and find that music and figure out when to insert it and figure how to add all the pattern interrupts I've been using editing machine for almost all my videos on both of my channels for about a year and it has made all the difference in the world now they offer editing machine. a which adds professional editors with AI so they can lower the cost AI does some of the heavy lifting and the pro editors make it look amazing and it's much less than their primary service the one that I've been using so if you're looking to level up your videos I 100% recommend that you check out editing machine. a you can check out editing machine. right here or check out the link in the description hack number nine add text did you know that most YouTube shorts Tik toks and Instagram reals are watched with the sound off add captions like you're seeing right here under this section or you can just add some big words once in a while to emphasize an important point and seeing those big words on the screen randomly is going to make them go oh what I I guess better pay attention again it's going to keep them watching hack number 10 add some effects that would be stuff like transitions like this transition between me and this whale that I saw when I was sailing around Point conception the other [Music] day you can also add filters like making me black and white or making the whole scene purple like this or effects like slowly pushing in on my face and then slowly zooming out on my face there's a million things you can do and if you want to know what the three most used Hollywood effects in virtually every movie you've ever seen are you need to click on this video right here right now

  Top Comments:
  1. @TrevorJonesCreator [3 likes]: 💜 Let them do EVERYTHING!  https://editingmachine.ai
✅ Learn to edit in a WEEK!  https://www.letsdwv.com/courses/master-capcut
🎥 CapCut Pro FREE for 1 Week!  https://capcutaffiliateprogram.pxf.io/q4JqaL
  2. @alex_abagiants [1 likes]: Straight to the point - love that! Thank you for some great tips!
  3. @OBIRONofficial: 5:15 - Oh, you actually did go there I thought it was a bit earlier LOL
  4. @Drone_Pilot_Erik: Fire your navigator if the golden gate bridge is in sight when you are sailing around cape horn.
  5. @georgemoss: This is the best advise on youtube!! I cannot wait for the day that nobody does intros or ask me to like subscribe and share a video that I haven't even seen.
  6. @billwdwc: lol seems like your audience are the young Tik Tok peeps scrolling mindless Mr Beast type content. No offense intended. Personally it seems like everyone is Rushing through their videos before the peeps click off for the algorithm. Ps do like your content though 😊
  7. @FourthWayRanch: I DO NOT watch talking head videos's make some content
  8. @ebeprstudios: Dope man!
  9. @ashronjoshsheb: do you edit your videos yourself
  10. @artemorbid: Great tips
  11. @LuckyGond-b2u: Bro is on point from the start..  0:01
  12. @RuanSilva: Talking head? This is named "vlogs" bro 😂
  13. @DidacticEditions: Good idea to zoom in and out to cover up the mistakes. Do you recomend anything else?
  14. @plumsmooth: May I ask what Program/app you use for your Video
  15. @plumsmooth: At least you look at the other Camera. I absolutely hate it when they Pan to another Camera while the person is talking sideways if at least they jokingly turned to look the the second camera when it was ON well it would at least be FUNNY
  16. @plumsmooth: Great Job addressing the Intro thing I wont waste my time and mean Yours ha ha. Seriously though I hate intros. I remember one video a while back where someone had the nerve to spend like 10 Minutes talking about what they were going to talk about?
  17. @vosgita: 😂 thank you!
  18. @LivinginDurangoColorado: Dude! This is ranking nicely! I typed in- best youtube video backdrops for talking head- and your video was top 20
  19. @besustained: Good advice connected to a call to action... you introduced everything a creator needs during editing. Huzzah!!
  20. @Linda-d8s7l: Dang point! This whole thing was just commercial! Shame on you!

- How to Edit Talking Head Videos for YouTube: 7 Tips and Tricks: Kind: captions Language: en what's going on everyone in this video i'm gonna give you seven tips and tricks on how you can edit your talking head videos for youtube [Music] so a ton of videos on youtube are talking head videos what's a talking head video it's just a video where it's just you and the camera you're talking straight to the camera nothing else and that's most of the video itself it's just you just see it talking yet that i mean it kind of sounds self-explanatory but hey you know sometimes people need an explanation but anyways when it comes to these videos you need to really edit them in a way that's going to keep your audience entertained for the whole duration of the video for example if you look back at some of my earlier videos you'll see that a lot of the talking head ones that i did were probably a little too much talking head you saw too much of me and it ended up getting a little boring because nobody just wants to stare at somebody's face for 10 minutes all the time just hearing them talk there needs to be a little special breakup that happens in the video that keeps your audience entertained and engaged for your video now how do you do this well that's what i'm here for i'm here to give you seven tips and tricks on how you can edit your talking head videos for youtube these tips and tricks are gonna allow you to have a much more entertaining video in the end and when you have a more entertaining video your audience is gonna stick around for a longer time and when you have them sticking around for a longer time you're more than likely gonna start having more popular videos more subscribers more fan interaction and yeah that is what you want on youtube you want everything you want all the popularity so that's what these tips and tricks are gonna do for you now the first tip i have for you is editing the audio waveforms when you first start editing your video edit the audio waveforms don't look at anything else in the video look at just the audio waveforms now why do you want to edit your video like this at first it's because it's going to speed up the entire editing process from personal experience i know how easy it is to get caught up in all of the visuals and how your video actually looks however if you focus on just the audio at first your process is going to be a lot faster trust me you're going to be able to cut out any awkward pauses any mess ups that you have trust me you're going to have a ton of them and that's okay you're going to be able to cut all that out pretty quickly if you're just editing the waveforms now if we take a look at my computer i can show you what some of these waveforms look like now when you're looking at this timeline i edit in final cut pro so that breaks up the visual the actual picture and the audio and splits those into two now my main focus on my first edit of the videos that i do is always on the waveforms so i look at the waveforms and i just cut out any long pauses that i know shouldn't be there in my video then i actually go through again and listen and when i hear all of the mess ups that i have i cut those out where appropriate again i don't focus on the visuals because the visuals is something that i like to focus on last i believe once i get the audio correct throughout the entire video then adding in all the visuals is going to be much easier in the end and i think it's a lot faster to just keep going through and go back go through and go back go through and go back instead of actually trying to edit the audio and add in visuals all at the same time throughout the entire edit when you're editing talking head videos this is just something that i feel helps speed up the editing process and it's gonna help you have videos that are much smoother from start to finish tip number two for editing your talking head videos is using b-roll now what exactly is b-roll pay attention in a talking head video b-roll is going to be a cut-away to something else so that it kind of breaks up the video like i said earlier just staring at somebody talk for 10 minutes is gonna get boring at some point so you need to do something to actually break up the footage and one way to do this is to add in other types of visuals like b-roll b-roll is going to be something that really relates to what you're actually talking about so right now you're looking at b-roll of me actually editing the video yes it's of me actually editing this video right here and this is what the b-roll is going to be at least for this part of the video anyway using b-roll like this helps provide a different type of visual for your audience and it might even help them understand the information you're trying to give them even better hell there are some channels out there that only use b-roll in their videos nothing is wrong with b-roll b-roll is a great tool that everybody on youtube should use at some point especially if they're only doing talking head videos so yeah b-roll use it use it effectively it's gonna come in handy it's gonna help you connect with your audience a little bit better and that is what you want in the end tip number three reframing your footage now when you want to reframe your footage this just basically means zooming in zooming out changing the way the camera is in the middle of your shot so you may have seen in some videos where the person is talking and then out of nowhere you get a quick zoom in like this and then it goes back out to the normal setting and then it just goes from there that is simply reframing the footage the reason you do this is to kind of hide some jump cuts because sometimes jump cuts can be a little harsh and it takes away from the smoothness of the video now i know on youtube junk cuts are okay but in other platforms jump cuts are something that can really take away from the overall quality of the video so in a lot of courses i create i love reframing the footage just so i can try and keep that smoothness from start to finish between each video now what's the best way to actually reframe your footage that happens when you film in 4k when you're filming 4k it's going to be a lot easier to reframe your footage without losing quality if you film in anything lower than 4k then you're gonna run the risk of losing quality whenever you try to reframe your footage so with 4k i'm filming in 4k right now i can zoom in pretty far without losing any quality however if i film in something like 1080p then if i zoom in that same amount i will lose a bit of quality and when you set a standard for yourself to have a certain type of quality for your you're not going to want to change that no matter what which is why i'm filming in 4k now because i made one video in 4k i do certain things and now i feel like i have to do every video in 4k because i don't want to lose that quality that i set for myself and i know it's difficult sometimes some of us may not have the capability of filming in 4k some of us may not have enough storage to actually film our entire video in 4k there are a lot of limitations but if you have the option to film in 4k i suggest it just because it allows you to have a lot more diversity when you're actually editing your talking head videos all right tip number four now this is one that can be very easy to get carried away with but i think it's very important for editing your videos because it adds that little bit of extra coolness to your videos and that is going to be adding on-screen animations now what are on-screen animations they're just little things like this or something like this or i can just add some text where i say look right here and just things like that pop up on the screen little things like that are going to be visually captivating to your audience and it's going to keep them engaged in your videos so because of that that's automatically going to make your talking head videos that much more interesting now i think it's pretty easy to tell how you can easily get carried away with this because you don't want to add too much of this adding too many on-screen animations is just going to become a distraction however you find the right balance and add just enough on-screen animations you're going to be perfect remember you don't want to distract your audience you want to keep them engaged in the video so having too many animations on your screen that's going to distract your audience instead of keeping them engaged now a distracted audience may stick around and watch your entire video however they may not really get the information they came for and when that happens those same people aren't going to come back to your other videos because they didn't get what they came to your videos for now when you have just the right amount and you keep your audience engaged those people are gonna keep coming back to your videos because they know what to expect and they know you're gonna provide them with the information that you're gonna give them a lot of people come to youtube for a certain reason they come to find certain information so if you can provide them that information but do it in an entertaining way that they find captivating you those same people are going to keep coming back to your future videos tip number five use the morph effect the morph effect basically merges two separate clips together making it look like one clip so instead of having a jump cut like this where i'm over here and then all of a sudden i'm over here just like that the morph cut will blend those two together so it'll look something like this i'll start over here and then when the morph happens i'm over here as you can tell there's clearly something that happens in that transition there's a little alien type kind of vibe from it that's that's about i get from the morph cut anyway when there's a lot of movement that happens but if i have very minimal movement so if i'm like this and then all of a sudden i'm like this you're not going to see much movement because i'm relatively in the same spot now be careful with morph cuts because you don't want to overdo that either morph cuts can be a little too much if you're just using it every single time that's why you kind of need to use a couple of the previous tricks to kind of hide certain cuts so that you're not just having morph cut morph cut morph cut more cut in your timeline speaking of timeline let's let's just look at the timeline and use the morph cut again just so i can show you exactly how easy it is to add to most of your timelines now again i'm using final cut pro i found this morph effect on the internet yes some effects you do have to pay for sometimes there's effects that actually come with the program but i like the morph effect so we're going to use this now all i do click the morph effect and drag it over to where i want the morph to happen drop it morph happens this is how it looks and there you go piggybacking off that last tip and moving on to the sixth tip and that is try to stay in the same spot no moreca is gonna be pretty seamless if you stay in the same area whenever you feel like the pause is gonna happen in your video now for example i have a ton of pauses i can't talk for 10 minutes straight non-stop there's always going to be certain pauses within my speaking and this is something i do a terrible job at i don't always stay in the same spot because i like to talk with my hands i like to move around a lot when i'm speaking so it's kind of hard to remember exactly what position i was in when i stopped speaking or i mess up now if i am talking and i do mess up and i know i'm in the same spot i was when i start talking again using a morph cut for me isn't going to be a problem because the transition is going to be very seamless i'm going to use an example of a morph cut and i'm going to see if you can tell exactly where it is could you tell where the morph was i actually used three mores in that sequence that's how seamless a morph cut could be when you use it properly and you stay in the same position now i don't typically use a lot of morph cuts nowadays but it's definitely something that can be very useful for you in your talking head videos now moving on to our seventh and our final tip and that is going to be don't be scared to change locations while you're filming now i know this isn't really part of the editing process but it's going to be something that really adds a unique touch to all of your videos now if you couldn't tell i changed locations a few times in this video i think that helps keep the audience engaged i think that's going to keep you engaged because when you see a little change like that you're i feel like you're going to notice it but it's not going to be actively noticed while you're watching the video you're going to be like oh whoa something looks a little different here and when that happens you're going to want to figure out exactly what is different and a lot of the time it's just going to be a simple change of scenery like this a change of scenery can be very good for your audience as i said earlier breaking up the video is going to be good because it's just not going to be you talking for 10 minutes and people staring at you for that entire duration that's going to get a little boring you need to change things around so that your audience stays engaged throughout your whole video and when they're engaged throughout your whole video they're going to watch your whole video and that's only gonna help you in the end when it comes to youtube and all your talking head videos now a nice change of scenery is gonna be great you don't really need to do much to change scenery i could change it to that wall over there and that wall over there those those walls don't look good right now so i'm not gonna do that but as you can tell i have different locations where i know i can film so if you know of a few different areas where you can do that don't be scared to change things up because it's gonna help your audience stay engaged for longer in your videos there you have it seven tips and tricks on how you should edit your talking head the good thing about all of these tricks is that they're very simple to actually implement so don't be scared to test them out these are little things that can really help improve your videos now what i want to know in the comments below i want to know what tip or trick you feel is going to be most useful to you now you have seven options to choose from so it might take a little bit to figure out which one you're most excited because most of us are going to be excited for all of them and i i understand these are good tricks that you can you're going to need so yeah just leave a comment below tell me which one you're most excited for and since i have your full attention still follow me on instagram at daretogram and i'm getting into the tic toc game now so that's going to be fun don't worry i'm not going to be doing all the dancing and all that i'm going to i'm still going to be providing you with a lot of tips and tricks that you can use for photography and video now my tic toc is that dare to capture just like the title of this channel and speaking of this channel if you haven't subscribed yet be sure to subscribe yeah hit that it's a nice red button you can't miss it it says subscribe be sure to hit that for me and you might as well hit the like button as well so we're all happy in the end when that happens but yeah that's all i got for you and uh i'll catch you in the next one

  Top Comments:
  1. @gencrypto [1 likes]: Great Content and tips! I'll have to apply some of these in my videos too!
  2. @pradhanan9413 [1 likes]: You look like John Cena when ur not talking😂
Or may be a mixture of Obama and John Cena.
Just joking, loved ur video👍
  3. @pradhanan9413 [1 likes]: Have you done any seo to this video? Becoz, its on the third position in the when I search for such videos
  4. @deellahoberg9972 [1 likes]: Really helpful information! Simple and effective. Thanks!
  5. @Narusoniku799 [1 likes]: Good job. Thanks
  6. @migentecredito: 0.3 sec what was that?
  7. @personalaccount7534: Who makes the morph effect
  8. @DTraub: Great video, thanks for the tips. I also have a very hard time sitting still while filming. My head and my hands are all over the place! And I love the seamless morph cuts examples. I can't spot them at all!
  9. @JrdnSnell: Love the new intro scene! And honestly never ever thought of using the waveform to edit the video 🤯
  10. @Scrivs: The waveforms tip just puts videos at a whole new level. The fact that you get jumpcuts/forced transitions from it means that the videos are more engaging because there is always a subtle or obvious change that happens and with today's ADD audience it's pretty vital for that.

Love that you changed up locations. I was like the dude in the b-roll pulling the glasses down like wait a minute, was he always there?

- Build A Killer Talking Head Setup 2025: Kind: captions Language: en You want to start creating talking head videos about your passion and expertise, but don't want to look amateur. And for this, you need a proper setup. I have been creating talking head videos for over 10 years. It changed my life. And if you like how this video looks and sounds, I will share the entire setup with you. Two years ago, I made the same video. Some gear I still use today, but new equipment was also added and more options are available now. This, as the title of the video says, it's a killer setup, not a budget one. It's a setup that will offer professional quality. Of course, I will try to keep the setup at the lowest price possible, but quality is the main focus. And I will make a live demonstration between a wireless lav mic and my microphone to hear the problem. Let's start with the camera and lens. We shoot talking head videos. For this application, we have the camera on a tripod and shoot at home or in a studio. So, we don't need im stabilization. We don't need to over complicate things with log footage or 10 bit because it's 2025 and we can easily shoot 4K. I still use and recommend the Sony ZV10 Mark1. Yes, this video is shot with the Sony ZV10 Mark1. Actually, all my talking head and videos are shot with this camera. If you use a dami battery to power it and choose the right settings, it will not overheat. Plus, if you pair it with a capture card like Delgato Camling 4K, you can have high quality online calls that will impressed any client. I used it for years, shoot hundreds of videos, did countless video calls, and it never disappointed me. Crystal clear 4K at an affordable price for what it offers. The body costs around $733 at the time of publishing this video. I will add affiliate links in the description for all the equipment presented in this video. If you click on my links, you're not going to pay anything extra, but I will earn a small commission and this will help me keep sponsors away from this channel and create more valuable content for you. Thank you. And for ZV10 and almost the full setup, I have tutorials about how to set the camera for videos, for online calls, and how to set the lights. a ton of tutorials about how to use the full setup and I will add a bunch of links in the description so when you build a setup you can learn how to use it to its maximum potential. Okay, why did I say that the body cost $733 and not the full kit? Because the kit lens it's okay but not the best lens. What I use and recommend for talking head videos instead is the Sigma 16 mm f1.4 lens. This image is shot with the Sony ZV10 Mark1 and the Sigma 16 mm f1.4. Why is this lens awesome? First, you have that professional, good-looking blur behind you in a small space. It will help you obtain this creamy look, and you don't need super expensive, noisy, big lights. The angle is wide enough for small spaces, and it's built to last with super fast autofocus. Every creator I talked to who uses this lens is extremely happy with it. The lens costs around $444 at the time of publishing this video. And you can pair them with a mini tripod like this small rig VT20. And of course you need an SD card. I like to use Sundisk Extreme Pro 128 GB. Now you have the perfect camera and lens for talking head videos. But as you know or suspect, there is no video without good lighting. Because most talking head creators shoot in small spaces and normal apartment rooms, my goal was to find great lights that don't break the bank and can be attached to the desk to save space. Also, I want them to be controlled with remotes and come with everything in the box and have no fans that make noise. I use the Godox ES45s. $139 for one piece. I always recommend two to control the light better and have a sufficient amount. I use them bounced off the wall in front of me to have this soft, good-looking light and avoid ugly shadows or reflection in the glasses. I will also add a few tutorials about how I use them and how to position them correctly. Everything you need to know. Now you have the camera, the lens, the lights. And if you learn how to use them, this is the final result. But we need to talk about the audio because this is more important than the video. And after I will give you a bonus tip because I want you to shoot easier and faster. I will demonstrate one thing fast. The audio you hear now is recorded with the AT875R microphone from Audio Technica and the Scarlet Solo fourth generation audio interface. Many beginner creators say that recording audio separately, it's so complicated and it's better to record in camera using a wireless lav mic. Yes, you can save 30 seconds or a few minutes, but all the wireless lav mics, at least affordable ones, have something in common. A lav mic is omnidirectional. Yes, those roads, DJI, Holyland are omnidirectional. That means it will pick up everything around them. If you shoot outdoors and you have a big distance between you and the camera, those are great. But in a normal apartment room, acoustically untreated, we have a lot of reverb and that will sound bad. This is the sound recorded with the shotgun microphone. One, two, three. Sound test. One, two, three. And this is the sound recorded with a professional expensive wireless lav mic straight in the camera. And this is an expensive one. Because we shoot at home in a studio, we can build a better setup. Trust me, the quality difference is big and after a few recordings, you will get used to it, but the quality will be much higher. With the 8875R, you can record like this, having it close to your mouth, and the result is incredible. Or if you want it outside of the shot, you can do it. This is an $189 microphone connected to the Scarlet Solo 4 generation, a $139 audio interface. I use a mic cable that costs $10 and the mic arm that's $70. The Solo has one preamp and if you need two mics for podcasting, you can choose the 2i2 version with two preamps. I record the audio in Da Vinci Resolve where I also edit the videos. And when I finish the recording, I just insert the video on the timeline. Select both, right click, choose auto align clips, choose waveform, and click sync. That's it. I select them again, right click, and click on link to keep them locked and mute the audio recorded in camera. Now I have the audio synchronized, but this great audio, come on, it was fast. Of course, any microphone, cheap or expensive, wired or wireless, requires some audio processing according to your taste and recording conditions. But for that, I will also add a link in the description to see how I do it for inspiration. And if you shoot in various places in your apartment and don't have the PC near you to connect the audio interface, I still recommend the Zoom F3, an exceptional field recorder with 32-bit float, which is excellent. Now you have the camera and the lens, the lights, and the audio recording setup. We can add one final touch that will make your creation process much easier and this is the Elgato prompter. If you script your videos to be more articulate and concise with your words, this is a musth have. Also, you can use it for bullet points or use it for online calls and training sessions to have the person you are speaking with on the prompter and look at the screen but also at the lens. This will create a strong connection with your color. This prompter saves me a lot of time because I shoot faster and it helps me to have better videos using wellprepared scripts. Delgato prompter cost around $249. I will add the link in the description and also links to detailed videos about how to use it and how to control it. For this kind of quality in a small space to avoid huge noisy lights, you need a good camera and lens. The ZV10 and the Sigma 16 mm F1.4 are exceptional for this purpose. The result will be impressive if you use the right practical easy to use lighting setup like two Godox ES45s. All this will not matter if you have bad audio quality. A shotgun mic positioned properly like this 8875R and a good audio interface like the Scarlet Solo 4 generation will transform the audio quality instantly. And to use all of them easily and create faster, Delgato prompter is the best companion. Of course, you don't need to build the setup all at once. You can invest and buy them one by one getting better and better results. But you can build this entire setup for nothing if you don't know how to use it properly. And for this, I will give you a dedicated video to learn for free how to position the camera properly, how to position the lights, and how to take advantage of your shooting space and equipment. Watch this video and create from the beginning at a high level.

  Top Comments:
  1. @GabrielVIP [3 likes]: ▶ Transform Your Simple Room Into a YouTube Home Studio: 👉  https://youtu.be/jVEvICC2uO0  👈
  2. @SandiDragoi [2 likes]: Fire, man! Thank you for the inspiration!
  3. @DamonNextLevel [2 likes]: Gabriel this was a nicely produced video.   I have never commented on someone's work.  The information was very thorough.  Thanks for putting in the time with this one.  Exactly what I  needed.🎬👏
  4. @aldinlenz [2 likes]: Does Sony zv-e10 m1 overheat and shutdown if I use it to stream for an hour+?
  5. @alfmor67-o7n [1 likes]: As always another fantastic video...thank you!!! I recently purchased the dummy battery to use with my Sony camara. Interestingly I have found that my videos will automatically stop recording when I reach between 23 - 30 minutes of recording. The same behavior as if the camara shutoff to prevent over heating. Is there a setting I may have overlooked?  I'm not sure what else I can check to diagnose the problem. Any ideas?  Again thanks for the awesome videos!!
  6. @luansinamati. [1 likes]: You are such a modest man, at once practical and helpful. I am watching and learning from your help which deserves a deep appreciation, even from afar. Long live! From a small country in Europe!:finger-red-number-one:
  7. @ImSamKnight [1 likes]: Such a helpful video! Super handy because I already had the camera, lens, and mic that you have lol. I was wondering, is there a pciture profile for the zv-e10 that you recommend? I'm pretty new to using legit cameras and a bit overwhelmed by the choices. LUTs intrigued me at first because I know that slog3 isn't ideal since it's 8bit. Not sure what the goto should be for talking head!
  8. @janissevalenzuela [1 likes]: THIS IS A GREAT VIDEO! --- ..but I am looking for the technical setup, how do I actually connect the video, prompter, and audio together? Any techincal step by step videos?
  9. @paulshealthfitness7922 [1 likes]: is auto align in adobe premier?
  10. @Talk4Ukraine [1 likes]: Dear Gabriel - I am a huge fan of your videos and after having carefully decided I bought an Elgato Prompter today. I was sure after your videos (and others) that this thing would work on MAC - -  I have a MacbookPro (with small USB-C ports).  - Because I saw you working with you MAC -  But It was a mess and still does not work.  It did not come with a USB-C -Cable with small plugs on both sides, but on one side there was a bigger USB-B or A-plug. So i had to use an adapter.  But still did not recognize the Prompter as a second screen.  2. issue:  The rings don´t work for my SonyZVE10-Camera because I still don´t have the larger Sigma-Objective but only the smaller initial objective with 42 mm. (The smallest Ring in the ElgatoPrompter starts with 50mm  - so I had to buy an adapter-ring.   The thing is useless up to now and I´m almost deciding  to send it back.  Or did I oversee something impeortant?
  11. @RobotStudio3D [1 likes]: Really thanks for sharing
  12. @liveafterfive [1 likes]: I am confused between the Sony ZVE10 Mark 1 & Mark 2. I want a camera for great talking head videos for YouTube tutorial content. I saw some reviews, and people are sayingthe  Sony ZVE10 Mark 2 gets heated up after a long video. I am super confused. Please let me know which one I should get.
  13. @NIKEGDS [1 likes]: Thank you for your content. Do you have a video detailing the recording process? 
Do you record video on camera and then transfer to edit? Also the audio? Recorded in Davinci? 
It would be so helpful if you could make a video if you haven't already and I just don't see it . 
Again, thank you.
  14. @steveburholtkeys [1 likes]: This will save beginners huge amounts of money, practical tips to make great videos. Congratulations!
  15. @fragrance-decoded [1 likes]: Could you please talk about basic sound proofing and simple editing workflow? And great video as always.
  16. @Thicccpluto [1 likes]: Can you recommend a webcam camera setup in Australia is over $1500
  17. @MeMyselfI007 [1 likes]: For Sigma 16mm which lens protector do you recommend? Please & thank you in advance
  18. @MeMyselfI007 [1 likes]: Gabriel, please if you can, could you please create a video about how to take photos of myself for thumbnails with ZVE10.
Only if you can. 

Thank you in advance.
  19. @jasonrashidnia: do I need to use the camlink adapter or can i used the usb-c cable direct into my macbook instead?
  20. @TechFanatic2050: Thank you Gabriel for all your videos. They are very informative and professional. I have been watching and planning my purchase based on your rig. I  recently place an order using your links for almost everything on this video. The quality of the Tripod is amazing. I upgrade my camera to the ZV-E10 II, but did not get the Sigma 16mm lens, this can wait a little bit. It feels amazing to finally pull the trigger on this. In some of your videos you made reference to your writing software, do you mind sharing where you get your scripts form. I have been using ChatGPT and Claud.

- How to Film Talking Head Videos + Setup Tour: Kind: captions Language: en everyone so in today's video I'm going to show you guys how to create talking head videos now I've been making talking head videos for about five years now and there really is the ultimate way for you to deliver information on a platform like YouTube Not only are these types of videos easy to make they're also the best way to you know deliver information as well as in my opinion to build a personal brand over the last five years I've built up my channels almost exclusively from talking head videos so I would say I do have quite a bit of experience and hopefully I'd like to say that I have sort of mastered this skill so behind me is one of my own setups so I'll show you guys know exactly what I use but of course it doesn't need to be this complicated you can literally create talking head videos from any room in your house as long as you have good natural light source some type of camera and of course yourself so in this video I'll talk about the different equipment you need from beginner to Advanced how to set up a scene AKA what to put in the background for it to look good whether or not you need a script and how you can actually deliver the words to the camera as well as my tips and tricks so in terms of equipment for a beginner the only thing you're going to need is some type of phone or camera that can record video a talking head video is just going to be sort of like this where you are staring directly at the camera and you guys can use an iPhone you guys can use you know any Sony or Canon or Nikon camera I do recommend getting a microphone at least so I will put links down below to some of the microphones I like and you'll want some type of thing to hold the camera so in my case a tripod that's going to be a more beginner setup if you want to get more advanced you know you guys can get lights like this you guys can have a table set up also in front of you a completely optional you guys can have a teleprompter as well that's the thing in the back right there you guys have external microphones you can also have props in the background so it can get quite complex and what I recommend doing is go look at your favorite YouTubers look at the sets that they have built out and sort of take that as inspiration for your own so in terms of talking head video equipment I'd say that the most important thing if you want to get a good depth of film AKA you want you want to get that separation from the back right like as you guys can see right now I'm in Focus but the background is not and that gives you a more professional look the way you're able to accomplish this is by using some type of a good camera paired with a great lens the lens is the most important thing to achieve this look right so for talk ahead videos I almost exclusively used prime lenses these are lenses that do not allow you to actually zoom in or out they are fixed but the good thing about these is that they have a bigger aperture meaning they let more lighten and they also help separate you from the background so I'm shooting at f2 which is a very large aperture the smaller the number the bigger the aperture and the better the blur so that would be my recommendation if you want to get a professional looking video get any camera that can you know you can change the lens on and then buy a prime lens with a big aperture right now I'm using the Sony a7s III this is a very expensive camera about thirty five hundred dollars just for the body itself but I also recommend something like an A7 III that's about maybe eighteen hundred dollars and there's also the Sony like a6000 a6300 a 6400 all those cameras are great the body does not matter as much as the lens this lens I'm using right now is the uh Sony 20 millimeter F2 this is a great lens but in my opinion my favorites for talking head videos is going to be the Sony 28 millimeter F2 lens so I just realized the lens I'm filming on right now is the Sony 20 millimeter F 1.8 not the F2 so just a quick correction if you want the ultimate setup just get any Sony camera get the Sony 28 millimeter F2 lens and you should be good now of course with talking head videos your audio what you're saying is going to be very important because that's how the information is delivered so I recommend picking up any type of dedicated microphone if you can now if you're in a quiet room like I am right now your iPhone should be good but I'll say that the mics on most cameras are not that good iPhones and smartphones tend to have you know pretty good microphones but these cameras like the one I'm using right now are not that good so you want to get maybe like a rode video mic you guys can get the rode Wireless goes they are more professional like Sennheiser mics as long as you have any type of dedicated microphone it's going to sound a lot better there's even really cheap lavalier microphones that you can pick up for like 10 to 20 dollars I actually have a Sony one that I really recommend so I'm gonna put that down in the description as far as the tripod it really does not matter as long as you have something that can hold your camera up then you're good to go now in terms of the scene right uh what you want to have in the background so for most of you guys if you don't want lights like this I recommend prioritizing the natural light coming in so in my case I have a window right here you're going to want to face the window so it's going to light you really well and have your camera facing away from that window at you whatever's in the background doesn't matter too much I'd say that the most important thing is going to be the lights hitting yourself because it needs to look good for the viewer if it doesn't look good then people aren't going to watch your video in terms of the background like I said earlier check out some of your favorite YouTubers look at what sets they have and see if you can use those for inspiration a lot of people like to have additional light bulbs in the back those look pretty good you can have fake plants you can have a painted wall you can have wallpaper you can even have your computer set up so for example I've filmed many videos just like this with my desk and monitor in the background and it looks great as long as it's a pretty clean background then it's going to look okay the more important thing is just going to be the light on you and the audio quality so yeah really if you're in a house apartment whatever there's going to be tons and tons of different places that you can film your talking head videos now let's get into how you actually film this person's gonna be a little bit more like behind the scenes style so you guys can see that for my setup it's a bit more advanced I have a tripod right here I have my camera connected to it this is also so another Sony A7 S3 with the 28 millimeter F2 lens this is the Glide gear tmp100 teleprompter definitely recommend having it if you're going to be doing a lot of talking head videos it saves you a lot of time uh with you know actually filming this is my Sennheiser mic it is connected directly to my camera right here and over here I have one light this is the godox VL 200 and I have an umbrella to soften the lights and over here I have another light this is the vl300 by godox with this sort of like OCTA box looking thing to soften the light and both of these are on light stands for some of my videos I like to film with a desk in front of me so that I can have my computer there but that's completely optional you don't need to have that you can just have what's in the back and for my background for this particular shot I have an LED light I have these two light bulbs that are different colors that I can change with a remote modes it does add a cool little glow in the background and I do have a floor lamp right here I also have the black painted wall and I have this really uncomfortable couch but I think it does look pretty good the brown color in contrast with the black wall and yeah besides that it's pretty simple I'm just going to be sitting right here in my chair you'll probably be sitting or you can stand I'll be looking at the camera that is right there and in my case I'm using a teleprompter app it's called prompt smart Pro it is about 15 but easily worth it you guys don't need to use a teleprompter if you're just starting out you guys can just write some bullet points on a piece of paper or on your computer and then just look at the bullet point talk to the camera look at the bullet point talk to the camera and so on that's basically how I started off doing my talking head videos so now in terms of delivery let's talk about the things you should and shouldn't do first you should definitely look at the camera lens itself right you don't want to look off to the side or to the top or put like a piece of paper underneath because it's going to be very obvious that you're not looking at the camera so look at the camera not looking at the camera you're also going to want to film in a quiet room this is very important for your audio and you're going to want to make sure that the light is good and that it's properly exposed know that it's okay for you to mess up when you're talking right because with editing you can literally cut out anything and if you guys were to look at some of the shots I've taken I mess up a lot and I have to cut out a lot of stuff so just know it's okay to mess up because you can just start over and cut out the stuff that you messed up on what I like to do is I like to do one long take so I'll turn on my camera I'll make sure it looks good by you know filming a quick test test test sequence to make sure the audio is good to make sure the lighting is good and that the composition is good and after that I'll turn it on I'll start recording and the goal is to just to film the entire video in one go you should not be restarting the camera every single time you mess up because that's going to make your life really hard when you're editing the video so yeah just leave it on and start talking it'll take a lot of practice to actually get comfortable doing this but after some time you will become a pro and you're going to get a lot more efficient at filming I say that before when I was starting out maybe I would have to film for one hour to get about 10 minutes of usable footage whereas right now I might have to film maybe 20 25 minutes to get 10 minutes of usable footage in terms of scripting whether or not you want to do it word for word or do bullet points that's really going to depend on your own style and what you're comfortable with so for people that are very good at talking to the camera or public speaking then yes you might be able to write down some bullet points whatever research you want to do have that there for you to reference and then just look at one and then Freestyle right people that aren't as comfortable doing that you may want to write out a word for word script and if you do that yes it does take longer to prep for it but when you're actually filming the video it's normally a lot easier if you are doing word for word there are two ways to do it one is you memorize the sentence and then you say it memorize the sentence then you say it let's take a long time or if you really want to speed things up you should definitely invest in the teleprompter so like I said the tmp100 is a great one there's also smaller and cheaper ones like this one this is like a small rig teleprompter that actually connects directly to the lens so many options for you guys it doesn't really matter which one you use I've heard good things about the pair as well that's a cheap and very portable teleprompter I also think that one is really good for beginners so that's the whole filming process you guys once you get the video filmed let's say you have maybe 45 minutes of footage and you want to you know cut it down to 10 minutes right so you'll bring it over to your computer to whatever editing software you want to use and from there you're going to cut the dialogue and if you guys have ever watched any of my other videos I cut the dialogue pretty much after every sentence so I try and you know reduce any ums or pauses or any awkward moments like that because you need to make it so that the video just flows right if there are awkward pauses people are going to checkout and they're going to go to a different video so that's what I've been doing with my my talking head videos I'll cut after most sentences so there's no pause between the sentences and yeah that's just what has worked for me but you guys are going to experiment and see what works best for your talking style I know this video is more about filming versus like the post editing process but in editing you actually are going to want to add text you might want to add some b-roll footage some stock footage whatever it is to sort of spruce up the video and make it so that it's a little bit more enjoyable to watch because with talking head videos yes it can get a little bit boring because it's just literally the person talking to the camera normally it is good to add at least some types of elements to your video and that you guys is how you film and edit a talking head Style video or a platform like YouTube I've been doing this for so many years and I thought I'd just share with you guys and I hope you guys found the video helpful feel free to reference this video at any points good luck with your own talking head videos and if you guys want to support the Channel please make sure to hit that like button and also subscribe for more videos just like this this whole channel is dedicated to giving you guys free guides and tutorials to help with entrepreneurship anyways thank you so much for your time and I'll see you in the next video

  Top Comments:
  1. @gregwright3864 [3 likes]: Question im having  trouble with not looking  like a deformed  hairy toe looking  directly  at the camera, do angles  and the  MM of the lens matter at all?
  2. @StartupWise [2 likes]: Hope you enjoyed the video and got some value out of it!
My equipment:
https://www.amazon.com/shop/charliechang

Our favorite business must-haves:
💳 Best business credit cards:
https://startupwise.com/creditcards
🏦 Novo (best business bank):
https://startupwise.com/novo
🖥 Best AI website builder ($3/month using code STARTUPWISE):
https://startupwise.com/hostinger/
⚙ Northwest (best $39 LLC formation service):
https://startupwise.com/northwestLLC
🎃 Try Gusto and get a $100 gift card with our link:
https://startupwise.com/gusto
👨💼 Best overseas staffing agency (save 80% on payroll):
https://paired.so/startupwise
  3. @DavidOkwii [2 likes]: Great breakdown.  Thanks
  4. @qrona4388 [1 likes]: Wow your videos look epic. On the "Delivery" scene 7:54 i was wondering if you moved location right? I'm in a small office and was wondering where i can place my camera? Any ideas on that?
  5. @WatsonMbiriri: Very helpful! Thanks for sharing.
  6. @Nicky_Phenom: Great stuff!  Thanks for sharing your knowledge!
  7. @chrisr4815: Great information! Thanks!
  8. @darren-goddard: Great video, as starting out making my first talking head shot. I am using my iPhone for filming, will this work with a teleprompter?
  9. @MrCla6iQ: What is a teleprompter
  10. @leahrebeccadavidsen: Thank yoz! :D
  11. @audreychou5498: really uncomfortable couch 🤣
  12. @reotrades649: Super helpful tips, highly underrated video! Thank you!
  13. @ryanruizzz: Really appreciate the tips!!! Been applying these to my new channel😎 awesome video!!
  14. @jmoss99: Good job.   Your room is boomy, but other than that...
  15. @toddb7948: Great video!  I liked the information provided and the flow of the video.  I will definitely check out your other videos.  Subscribed.
  16. @foursite: Really great! You covered a lot of stuff. I like the step by step - thanks!

- My Simple Talking Head Video Setup (STOP wasting money): Kind: captions Language: en So today I wanted to talk about my simple talking head setup that I use for recording my YouTube and vlogging videos. So basically this setup that you're seeing right here. I'm also going to talk about the things that maybe I wouldn't buy, especially if you want to be more mobile and with new technologies, with AI and editing, things maybe you don't want to spend money on and the things that you probably do want to spend money on because we want simplicity and we want to be able to create videos quickly and easily. And that's the setup I've gone from. I actually use pretty low tech equipment. I've invested my time and money in other things. For example, this microphone here is the one that everybody uses. It's the Shure SM7V, and it's a great microphone. And especially for me, in the last number of years, when I've been traveling around Southeast Asia, everywhere I go, it's very echoey rooms, high ceilings, lots of tile, hard floors, not enough soft finishing to remove that echoey background. So having a dynamic mic is basically meaning that it's just going to focus on the sound right in front of it and it's not going to take up much of the sound in the room itself. So it does make the echoey sound better. And these can actually make your voice sound a little bit rounder and a little bit fuller. But they're about $500. And what is the benefit of these days? I mean, obviously, if you want to look like a podcaster or a professional YouTuber doing talking head videos, then maybe it brings a bit of extra credibility to your videos. So, there's some benefit in that sense. But the issue is if you're recording directly into your computer like I am. So, I'm literally recording into Dscript now, which is one of the editing tools that I use. So, it's live streaming straight into my computer. And in order for this to talk to my computer, I need another like magic box that basically converts the sound from this into something that my computer will understand. So that's another cost. And I can't remember how much that was, but I think it was at least another $100 to $150. So just for the sound setup here, I'm probably looking about $650, which I don't think for most people these days is necessarily a good investment of your money. So, what I would potentially recommend is using wireless mics. So, there's loads of different wireless mics you can get these days. And I've got the DJI Mic Mini, but there's DJI 2 and there's the Lark and there's all of these wireless mics. The Road Wireless Go, but they're a little bit more expensive. But I think the DJI or potentially the LAR wireless microphones are very, very good. Now, we can actually remove the background sound from videos. these days with the different editing tools. Most editing tools now have some sort of noise removal. Therefore, I don't necessarily need this. And the benefit of those wireless mics is they clip right onto me because I move around a lot and I'm often looking at the screen. So, I'm moving my head away, which then means that the sound goes up and down. And the leveling, it can make the the leveling of the sound go up and down a little bit. So, by having those wireless mics, I can change room and the microphone is always recording close to me, and they cost about $150 for a set with the transceiver, even cheaper if you just buy one of them. So, they're a great option just to have clipped onto you. And they mean that you can be more mobile. So, if you're perhaps going out and about and you're using, say, an action cam or a different camera, that automatically connects to this. So, I'm using an action cam for my B-roll and other stuff. So, if I was to record footage that you're probably going to see of the different equipment as I'm talking about it, I'll be using this camera. But if I was going out and about, I could have the wireless mic and be speaking directly into this and it automatically connects. But if I have the transceiver, I can plug that into my computer and then that automatically records and converts the sound from the wireless mic as well. So, it's a great setup in terms of just connecting to the my computer and having sound that's going to be great quality. Maybe not slightly as full as this microphone, but for the sort of money I have to spend on this, that's is it four times better? No, it's definitely not. So unless unless you really want to go for the look of this and in terms of having to transport it round, if I invested in this, but then I was moving away from sitting at this desk, it's very difficult for me to take this massive mic with me and have it plugged into this box and the computer. So it's not very functional in terms of vlogging, but it does look better. So, I would potentially go for one of the wireless mics and then add studio sound in dcript or do some of the sound improving things afterwards to remove any background noise if there is any still with those microphones. But they normally have built-in uh noise reduction as well, which can make those much better as well. You could also use this actually as your webcam. So, if I was to get one of these, I could get this or you could get the Osmo Action 3. I'm not sponsored by any of them. In fact, yeah, I bought all of my equipment myself. So, I'm very minimal in the type of equipment I use, but I can sometimes use this here. I actually have it connected in front of me on my desk, and I often use this as well. It's not as good in the low light conditions, unless you're going to do color grading. So, I can't be bothered with half of that. So, what I actually use for the camera is I'm using a webcam. So, I'm using an Insta 360 webcam, and it's one of the gimbal ones, and it can record up to 4K. I generally just do 1080p because it's easier for the computer and if you're streaming directly, I think when you're doing larger formats in terms of storage, it's going to block all your computer up. But then most people aren't really watching unless they're watching on TV in higher resolution. And I don't really think the extra resolution of 4K really makes that much difference for these types of talking head videos. So, I'm literally just using a webcam that goes straight into my computer. And most people would want to use some fancy camera. And this webcam maybe it's a I don't know I think it was about $200 which is much cheaper than say upgrading to a Sony camera which at some point soon that will be the next upgrade for me but then I would have to learn how to use that camera and what happens is most of us are improving the wrong things. So because the quality of this camera is more than good enough. Sure, I'm not getting that fuzzy background, the sort of blurred out background that we like, but judge, I need a greater distance between me and the background to really make that of any use anyways. And for the space I have for this desk, it's not really going to work. So, unless you're going to have you at one end of the room and a larger gap behind you, then I don't really see the benefit of that. And you can still add some bokeh, a little bit of that blur in post-prouction if you want with many of these tools these days. So you can put a very slight blur in if you want to do that anyways. It's not going to look as good as the natural, but it's still completely possible. So for me, this is the most cost effective option before upgrading to a camera because if you buy a camera, you're going to have to learn those settings and that's going to be an extra headache of things that you need to understand how to use. So I think keeping it simple until you're ready to do that upgrade. And the benefit is that this plugs straight into my computer and I can just press go. you know, it's all happening directly onto my computer. And if I'm screen recording at the same time, then obviously that makes things much easier. But as I was saying, the quality of the the camera, it's actually the light that improves the quality of the image dramatically. So, you're better off investing in a good light setup than you are actually in a new and improved camera. Starting off with what is easy for you just to press record and start recording. And I I just have my iPad here in front of me. It's got a few bullet points and then I'm just talking to the camera and that's it. I just go go with it. It's nice. It's straightforward. I can press record and it's quick and easy. And the lighting is very forgiving because you can use natural lighting and you could just be facing a window. But what inevitably happens is every time a cloud comes over, the lighting level changes and you get these dips in continuity which can make if you're editing different scenes or different sections, it can make it more abrupt because suddenly the light goes up and down so the editing feels a bit more aggressive and it's it's harder to correct that in post-production. So, it's easier to completely black out all of the light and then just have one light here, one key light as they call it, at a 45 degree angle. Now, I do a lot of coaching, which is another reason why I decided to to keep this this here, this microphone, because it's better for me to just be able to comfortably talk to people. But I couldn't have a key light that is aggressively strong on for long periods of times. So rather than the sort of bright white ones that you get that are focused on a particular part, you may have seen all the ones that are have has all the checkered lines on it and they basically focus the light onto your face. So you get the more aggressive shadow and they will give you a headache if you are recording for long periods of time or doing long long coaching calls where you still want some lighting on you so you look good on camera, you look professional. And the way around this is I use the lantern. So, I have a God Doc's light. And the God Doc's light is an LED light that's adjustable in temperature. I can turn it up and down. So, I can go brighter if I want more harsh light or I can go softer at night or if I'm doing coaching call, I drop it down a bit. And this basically allows me to have one light on me and it also lights up some of the background because if it's a lantern light, then it's the light spills out more. So you it lights up some of the background and then I have a little bit of lighting at the back with the color lighting. And then what that does is I only need one light. I don't have to invest in having additional up lighting or another light hitting the back of my shoulders. I could put an extra light there, but I just want to be able to press record and record videos very easily. So, in terms of having one light on one big stand, I did have it connected to my desk, but I now have a stand with wheels because I want to be able to move it around the house if I want to record in different locations. But right now, because the only other camera I've got is this, and it's not great in low light, indoor ones. So, unless you're good at edit color grading afterwards, possibly would want maybe the Osmo Pocket 3 or something that's a bit better in low light if you're planning on doing this sort of studio setup more with the key light. But otherwise outdoors, I think this is fantastic. And just the stabilization, it it works a treat. So it depends what you're going to be doing in terms of if you're going to be doing more active stuff and the talking head, then then that might might be better. But literally, so I I would potentially not have this unless you're doing calls. And then I would literally just have a good quality web camera or using your the camera that you've got plugging straight into your computer. And the main thing for me that I think you should invest in, one is a good backdrop, something that's going to make you look a bit better. So think about what you're going going to do and what you want behind you to sort of frame you so you can always have that one place that you can talk. Maybe set up many locations around your house. But the main key thing for me is having one good light because it will make even the crappiest of cameras look fantastic. because I tell you now, if I turn this light off, I'm going to look absolutely terrible. So, it's it makes a huge difference. So, I would really invest in a good a good lantern light, one that you're going to be able to have quite close to you so you can get that shading on you. So, you got some shadow on one side and then it gives you slightly more cinematic shading on the side of your face. So, that's very easy, very simple. a webcam straight into my computer and then the main thing is going to be that light that you can then move around to different locations as well if you wanted to. So that's what I do for for my setup. I wouldn't over complicate things. I would literally just get a wireless mic. You want good lighting and you want good sound. Those are the things that I would invest in first before you start investing in fancy cameras because you're only going to get until you get better at that camera, you're only going to get so much of an improved picture out of it. So, yes, the quality will be better, no doubt, but is it worth your time and resources right now? Probably not. That will bring dramatic improvements. Now, as always, if you would like more help growing your vlog and your YouTube channel, then I will put links in the video description to our community and other free training. Thanks for watching and I'll see you in the next

  Top Comments:
  1. @mp34054 [3 likes]: Thanks for being real and for giving a beginner these important points to consider. It can be overwhelming when starting out with all of these options and noise to consider.
  2. @GreatestTonyever [2 likes]: You are making me feel better about what I have been buying and using. Thanks!
  3. @trendyboymx [2 likes]: I was in that situation and in my case, I would have preferred to "cry once buy once." I have a very echoey room and I tried everything: Shotgun mic, DJI Mic 2, the Mic 2 with dedicated lavaliers from different brands, etc. Finally, I pulled the trigger and got a Shure SM7B and couldn't be happier. Yes, it meant a significant investment getting the microphone, plus a boom arm, a Rodecaster Duo and cables. However, the quality is noticeable immediately. The first thing anyone on a video call compliments is "how good is my sound" and "how professional I sound." And what about all those other mics? I have them stored and use them occasionally, specially when shooting outdoors, but it is the Shure mic the one that I used daily, often for hours.

All this is professional-level equipment that is meant to last decades and although the initial costs are high, they are definitely worth it if one has the resources available.
  4. @kevinsphilippineadventures [2 likes]: Great advice as always.Thanks.mate.
  5. @JamesRamboPearce [1 likes]: Does the webcam with the gimbal follow your face? Really helpful tips thank you!
  6. @DemitriKaren.HouseofHope [1 likes]: Gareth, this is super informative, thanks! I’m on a budget & need to invest in 3 cams for our podcast studio with 2 people. I’m considering going 3 GoPros/osmo actions. What you think? That or 3 webcams like yours?
  7. @garethlamb: Free workshop: How to leverage YouTube to sell your coaching & courses - https://www.garethlamb.com
  8. @underdog.digital: Great vide Gareth, I think the time of "perfect image" is gone, we can basically generate AI models now, so standing out by doing it yourself is so much better, regardless of 1080p or 4k what matters is the content as you quite rightly point out, sound is way more important and I don't think the image quality being "top tier" is necessary providing the content is there. Or unless you like to tinker and make it that way, but I don't think the time / cost benefit is there for 90% of people. Good video thanks!
  9. @MrWhiltetail: What about using your cell phone camera for a webcam?
  10. @willflynn7015: Recording with the lav mics are also great when you have guests who do not know how to actually speak into a mic
  11. @MaxoticsTV: Yep! I recently built a podcast studio and am using $16 SM57 knockoffs and I don't see upgrading to RE20s, which is what I'd choose if money was no object.  The main thing you pointed out.  Just get a dynamic and call it a day.  They're all good enough.  If anything, smaller dynamics are more natural.  The SM7B and those other large diaphragm mics are a bit too "round". Then, like you said, if there is noise, all editing software has noise reduction.  GOOD ADVICE!
  12. @youareyourownbeloved: you can use your iphone now as webcam...thanks for the helpful info.
  13. @VladyslavKL: 🕊
  14. @GreatestTonyever: What Godox light are you using?
  15. @ayushsharma1193: Hi, do you want a video editor?

- Easy Cinematic Lighting Setup For YouTube Videos: Kind: captions Language: en in this video I'm going to show you how to change your lighting from this to this and create a killer lighting setup for your YouTube channel now it doesn't matter if you're filming on your iPhone or on a professional camera after following this tutorial your YouTube setup will look world class so what makes an amazing lighting setup and what equipment do successful YouTubers use that you don't well it's a four-step process to light your videos up like this and it's actually a lot easier than you might think think so let's break it down so this first part is by far the most important step but the most overlooked step when it comes to lighting your YouTube videos you see you could buy the most expensive the fanciest the best lighting equipment in the world but if you leave your windows open when you film and you let in lots of natural lights your shot will look terrible why is this because the sun might come out causing your image to be Overexposed or the clouds might cover up the Sun and your video will be underexposed which is why step number one is to close your blinds and black out the windows so there's no natural light in your room perfect so now that the window's blacked out we can move on to step two which is to turn off all the lights now the lights are off the most crucial part of the entire lighting setup begins setting up the key light so the key light is the main light source that shines on your face as it's doing on me right now and if you set up your key light in the right way and position it in the right place your videos will instantly look 80% better but if you get this all wrong and set it up badly then your videos are just going to look pretty terrible so how do we set up our key light and where do we actually put it well to set it up correctly you need two accessories firstly you need a soft box and the soft box is basically the thing that goes on the light and diffuses the light to make it look natural without a softbox the light on your face just looks way too harsh but with a softbox it just looks a lot more flattering secondly the light needs a stand and this just means you can adjust the position of the light and easily put it in the right place now before I tell you where you should actually put the lights let me tell you what light I recommend you buy if you want to go for the pro option then get the aperture araman 100xs it costs about $279 but it will do everything you need it's the light I'm using right now and it's absolutely perfect if you're on more of a budget then get the Reno softbox photography lighting kit and this only costs $50 it's not as good but it will still make a really nice clean image you need to place the light at a 45° angle away from you and slightly above you so I'm here in the middle my camera is over there and then my key light is just there and it sets slightly above me at a 45° angle nice so we set up the key light and this looks pretty good already but there's one problem with it which is currently this setup is really cinematic with Deep Shadows on this side of my face and whilst this is often used in your favorite film for a dramatic effect we're not trying to create a film look we're trying to create a friendly YouTuber look so your subscribers feel like they're hanging out with their best friend and not some like scary vampire or something like that therefore to take your lighting set up to the next level we need to brighten up this side of the face which takes us on to step three adding in the filler light take a second light and simply shine it on the other side of your face this light is placed on the opposite side of the key light but critically it needs to be dimmer then your key light my camera is there my key light is set there at a 45° angle and then the fill light is over here on the other side now I'm using the Elgato key light but I'll leave a link in the description to this light and other lights that are cheaper if you want to get this set up for less than $200 so I'm just going to turn the filler light on right now and you can see how it brightens up this side of my face now very importantly this light is slightly dimmer than my key light and that way I still keep some Shadows on this side my face but they're just not as dark and dramatic as they were before now this right now is a nice lighting setup but we don't want a nice lighting setup we want a killer lighting setup that's going to put you ahead of 99% of other YouTubers and to get there you need to do just one more thing take a look at this Mr Beast interview can you see how there's a light along the edge of his face here this is called a rim light and it's separates the subject from the background adding in depth to the shot and this is the secret source that it's going to take your lighting setup from average to incredible so I'm sitting here and I'm going to turn the rim light on right now and you can see there's a light that's going along the back of my head and the rim light should be placed off camera behind you and above you so I've just bolted this Elgato key light here to the wall and it shines down on me and it lights up the back of my head you can also just have this on a stand and it will do exactly the same thing so long as it's out of frame above you and behind you so we've added a key light a filler light and a rim light to make this setup here and this means we're able to move on to the final and most fun step which is adding in decorative lighting and this is where it gets interesting because this is your chance to customize the overall look and feel of your image now YouTubers like Ali abdal often opt for things like soft lighting like lamps or LED strips in the background of their videos whilst other YouTubers like Peter McKinnon often opt for stronger decorative lights to create a more Moody effect for me I like these stronger lights personally I just think they look really cool and I've got these two aroman tube lights behind me and I love these things because I think they just create a really nice mood and feel to the kind of shot that I'm making for this video and I can also change their color as well to anything I want just using an app on my phone so it makes the whole shooting process so fun and so easy so this is what I do but what should you do well this is where you actually need to have fun and get creative take some lights preferably the dimmer the better and just put them in the back of your shot warmer colors create a cozy and more inviting look while cooler colors create a modern and more Sleek look but the biggest hack of all is actually buying the lights from the same companies that is why all of my lights are from two companies which is Elgato and aperture and this is because they all just connect to one app called Insidious link and it means I can control the brightness and the color of all my lights from one single app meaning my workflow is just super super fast but there's actually one thing missing you see lighting only makes up 25% of the entire viewing experience whilst audio which is the microphone and your background music and the sound effects that makes up 50% of your entire viewing experience and therefore everything I've just said won't mean anything if you don't have great sounding videos so watch this video here and I'll explain how to master audio on YouTube and how you can set up all of that correctly as well I'll see you there

  Top Comments:
  1. @oscarowenbiz [21 likes]: 🔥 All Equipment Mentioned Here 🔥 - https://geni.us/lightingtips
  2. @PassagesBookSeries [2 likes]: I giggled every time I heard him say “Arah man” : )
  3. @ahmadA6N [1 likes]: It's easy to convey a message on "How to" but how it is presented matters the most in my opinion. I occasionally watch video like this and this is the best one so far.
  4. @simon_h95 [1 likes]: Someone finally explained the lighting setup in a clear, easy-to-understand way without overexplaining or leaving things out. Thank you!
  5. @LucasTheWalter: Thank you - this video was so clear
  6. @finder1138: This video is peak. Real explanation, not trying to upsell me $500 professional equipment as "budget" like I want to shoot a movie instead of a live stream 10 people will watch. 

Absolute GOAT.
  7. @LewisPassos-gq9yn: Speaking of cinematic lighting, why don't you try taking it up a notch with a more Frutiger Aero vibe? Whaddaya say?
  8. @MAamirMursleenPakistan: Please visit Lake City again
  9. @supernews4575: ++ good
  10. @halobonardo: finally i found this information.
  11. @TheBetuuu: Such a great video, thank you!!
  12. @haiderrmaqsood: Thanks this was so helpful
  13. @Veronica.Reviews: Definitely trying this for my next video 💛
  14. @mdnahidmandol: Put a rainbow 🌈 colour light on wall
  15. @jklphoto: Classically, a fill-light should be non-directional and non-specular. What does that mean? Bouncing your fill off a white wall, behind the camera, or using a large umbrella or softbox would be ideal. Preferably the former. That eliminates any awkward directional light from the fill and the distracting secondary catchlight. How many suns do we have? One. Not two. A perfect example is at 4:24 when you illustrate the rim or separation light. No second catchlight is visible in your eye!
  16. @chideradigitalfreak: Bro...this is everything i needed to understand lighting
  17. @RoshanDcoded: nice
  18. @Hannahhumanfactors: Can you attach the link again
  19. @andrew-channel: loved this video! thanks
  20. @ardhipin6147: Your explanation is clear & systematic. Your pronounciation is good.
Thanks.

- Watch BEFORE buying a light for video & filmmaking: Kind: captions Language: en to shoot professional content lighting is everything but what light should you buy you could get a single point light source you could get an LED panel light you could get a tube light like this or you could get a ring light oh wait no no no no don't get a ring light but what about modifiers you could get a traditional softbox you could get a lantern you could get a diffusion panel or you can get a silk sheet so in this video we're going to make very specific recommendations on exactly what type of light you should buy but before we do that we need to touch on some of the core elements that actually make up good lighting and the first one that you absolutely need to know before making a purchase is the difference between hard light and soft light so this is what hard light looks like and believe it or not if you were to go online and buy a light right now odds are when you take it out of the box and you turn it on it's going to look like this it's not going to be flattering we really want to avoid hard light when it comes to lighting our subjects now to contrast to the hard light you just saw this is what soft light looks like it's super flattering it's not going to show off the wrinkles on my face or any other imperfections and the gradual fallof between the highlights and the Shadows is just much nicer now like I said a minute ago almost all lights are going to be hard straight out of the box we turn them into soft lights by doing two things the first is passing that light source through another medium like a soft box and then on top of that we can increase the softness of a light by making the overall light source larger now we just talked about soft boxes and how we pass light through that Medium but look at what also happens to the size of the light source when it's going through the soft box the entire size increases a ton which also contributes to the softness so we just talked about how increasing the size of your light source is going to add additional softness to it this is where the size of your soft box also comes into play ideally you want to get a huge soft box it's just going to make for a much softer light but you obviously have to consider the fact that larger soft boxes cost more money and you also have to have enough room to fit the soft box so what you're seeing right now is a 65 cm soft box from newer with a grid on it that makes the light even more directional now on the other hand this is a 120 CM soft box it is freaking massive and it's giving off a much softer light than the smaller one we had before not that this was bad but comparing and contrasting you can see big is better so size matters but distance also matters a ton because you can have a huge soft box like I have right now up close it's going to give you an amazing light but watch what happens as Luke begins to move that soft box back so before it was about an arms length away now it's probably 3 to Four Arms lengths away it's obviously gotten dimmer because we're not anywhere near as close but the light's also getting harder because in proximity to me that light source is now smaller so to summarize all this in a perfect world you want the biggest soft box possible as close to your subject as possible and if you have to move your softbox further away you want to make that light source bigger and bigger this is why in Hollywood movies and huge commercial sets they have massive diffusion sources causing their light sources to be huge it's also why the Sun the largest light in our solar system is actually a hard light because it's just so freaking far away so that's the difference between hard and soft light and how we use diffusion forces like soft boxes to achieve the soft look but soft boxes aren't the only way to get light to be soft and this brings us to the next core element of lighting which is what's the best modifier for you so we touched on it but up first you have soft boxes these are like the All American diffusion kit they come in tons of different shapes and styles from octabox to parabolic to rectangular and strip for the most part all you need to know is that these make your light soft and you want to get the biggest one that's going to fit in your filming space the other thing on top of that is the grid system that you can see on the softbox this is actually an attachment and all it does is it focuses the light you can see in some of the examples we're showing right now with the grid attached we control the light spill and we focus it way more on the subject without the grid you're going to see that light spilling onto the walls the background it is just a less focused scene which isn't always bad in fact sometimes people opt for that and that's when they would get something like a lantern soft box this is very different it's covered in diffusion mat material all around what that's going to do is cast light in all different directions it's going to light an entire scene it's great for multiple people that all need to be lit when you only have one light source and on top of that due to the size and shape of this thing you are going to get an incredibly soft light and it really does look good but you need to be aware it's going to spill everywhere and then last but not least a traditional style of diffusing light is using a diffusion panel like this usually it's silk nylon tons of different material IAL this is from a 5 in1 reflector kit you can get it for like $20 on Amazon all you need to do is place this in between your subject and your light you're going to get really nice diffusion it's helpful because it's really thin and this can fit in some areas where maybe one of these two just wouldn't be an option just keep in mind if you use this or any other type of nylon sheet you're going to need another human being to hold it or you're going to need another stand with this actually clipped onto [Music] it now the third thing you need to be aware of when buying a high quality light is the right color mode for you now generally speaking there are three types of color modes that you want to be aware of the first one is daylight balanced now this light is capable of doing all three modes but we're going to walk through each one individually so if you buy a daylight balance light this is all you're going to get 5600 Kelvin it's called daylight balance it's the same color temperature as the sun and even though you're limited in flexibility this is going to be a budget friendly color temperature to buy in most of the talking head videos you see on the internet especially on YouTube they're all filmed at this color temperature now the second type of color mode is by color and what this allows you to do is shift the color temperature between cool white and very warm white you can see I have a little dial on the back here and I can switch the color temperature and now we have a much warmer light outside of being able to create different styles in looks with the more flexible color temperatures this is really key when you're filming in an area that has different temperature lights and when we're filming in my kitchen we can show exactly how this works normally I'm using a 5600 Kelvin light but we have these orange pendant lights in the background and because these two colors just clash with each other makes the entire background look crazy orange with a by color light as my key light I'm able to turn the color temperature down to match the warmer color temperature of those background lights now both the background and the foreground look orange but this is where we can change the white balance setting on our camera to match that same color temperature 2700 Kelvin essentially telling our camera to interpret that as natural white which balances out the entire scene so now hopefully you can see the benefit of by color is the ability to match other lights in your scene and have greater control the only drawbacks of bolor Lights is that a they're usually more expensive and B you're actually going to miss out on some of the output or light intensity compared to a daylight only balanced light and this is actually really easy to see with this led panel when you you look at this array we have all these individual LEDs when I change the color temperature you can actually see certain LEDs turning off and others turning on and that is because half of the LEDs are warm and half of them are cool so at any given point you're only using half of the actual LEDs on this light if you put it exactly in the middle you can see most of the LEDs are on we can kind of get it to a point where there's more LEDs than not but overall you're going to have to sacrifice a little bit on the output when buying a bolor light then finally the third color mode when buying a light is full color RGB I can hit the mode button on the back here with full color RGB lights you have the ability to essentially change the actual color to be anything that you want red green blue and everything in between this is super cool because it gives you a lot of creative control you can use this in the background of your scenes to evoke different emotions and overall it's just a ton of flexibility the only negative of a light like this is they're usually going to be much more expensive than daylight only and by color lights all right now we can finally talk about core element number four when buying a high quality light and that's the actual type of Light which one is right for you now I know I joked about it earlier in this video but we should talk about why ring lights aren't really on this list generally speaking they're just not made of highquality Lights these can kind of cast awkward color tones on your skin which don't make you look good they're also small and hard light sources that are hard to diffuse because they don't have Universal mounting options on them you can't just attach a soft box to a ring light and then finally they're also designed to have a smartphone mounted right in the center of the Ring meaning the light is going to blast you right in the face this is called broad lighting which traditionally in film isn't a cinematic look instead you want to light off to the side like I have now creating a bright side and a dark side of your face this creates more depth which is a more cinematic look the first is a single point light this is probably the most purchased light amongst the YouTuber and kind of professional freelance videographer Community they are extremely versatile you can get them on a great budget and my favorite thing about them is the fact that they have the universal Bowen mount on the front these are a really simple design but they essentially allow you to buy any softbox or light modifier on the internet and attach it to your light without having to worry about brand compatibility this means you get a ton of power out of these lights and a lot of flexibility as to what you're capable of doing with it now after single point lights I would say the next most popular is something like this right here this is an LED panel now the way I look at comparing these two comes down to a few simple things the first is that straight out of the box this is a much larger light source compared to this one and remember back to the beginning of this video larger light sources are typically softer so straight out of the box when you turn this guy on it's going to be slightly softer than this light but I don't want you to think that this is just going to be like amazing soft and super flattering you're still going to need to add more diffusion to it now this brings me to one of my major Cons with LED panels is that they don't have that Universal bow mount so adding diffusion to this although very easy and still possible it is a little bit more difficult you either need to get a custom softbox that's made specifically for the LED panel or you need to get some sort of separate modifier like a diffusion panel a silk or a nylon sheet have that mounted on another stand and then you have a diffuse light so all that aside the major benefit of LED panels compared to single point light sources is this right here look at how thin this one is compared to this and I think most people should buy a single point light unless you're in an area where space is very restricted and you can't fit something like a single point light with a soft ball then you could get whoa ho ho what do we got going on here turn that guy off then you could get one of these maybe mount a very slim diffusion panel in front of it and you have a better space- saving lighting kit and then finally we have the tube lights like this TL 120c is that what it is I forget the actual name we'll have it linked below tube lights are extremely versatile they're usually pretty large and have a relatively soft light I'd say softer than both of these Straight Out of the Box depending on how big the tube light is I love tube lights I don't think they should be your first light you should probably get one of these but if you're looking for your second or or maybe your third light and you want something that you can use as a practical light in the scene you can use to light your background or as a corner light just something that's going to fit in all of these different weird places that traditional lights wouldn't be able to tube lights are great and they're definitely gaining popularity and I highly recommend this model from newer okay those are the core four elements that you should be aware of right now we're going to Rapid Fire some secondary things to consider before finally bringing this home with some Ultra specific recommendations based on the type of content you're trying to film okay rapid fire starting now while you're searching for lights you will see two specs called the CRI and the tlci these stand for color rendering index and television lighting consistency index it's basically a measurement of the color accuracy of your light both are measured on a scale of 0 to 100 and ideally you want the light that you purchase to be at 95 and up for both specs thankfully nowadays most lights are at or above these requirements after that we have the wattage in light output wattage is a measurement of the total amount of power that the light will draw as it runs and typically speaking the higher the wattage the more output in light intensity that the light will have output is measured in Lux at a certain distance usually 1 M so for an example 4,000 Lux at 1 meter it's going to be more than enough for YouTube videos like this or talking head interviews 30,000 Lux at 1 meter is very bright enough to fully illuminate a very big space and then 90,000 Lux at 1 meter is enough to wake pick up a demon from the underworld this is what you'd use to essentially mimic the sun in an outdoor shoot where the natural light from the sun had already faded now speaking of power draw the next thing we need to talk about is the ability to work off of a battery if you're always filming indoors next to an outlet it's not really a huge concern for you but if you're ever going to be in a situation where you're away from power outlets it would make sense to have a light that can work off of a battery some lights have internal batteries built in that'll work for a couple hours other have the ability to work off of Industry standard batteries like Sony NP or vmount batteries this is nice cuz you can stack up a ton of them and make sure that the light will work for hours up next you're going to want to consider if you need special lighting effects modes a lot of modern lights nowadays have these different modes built into them that mirror unique lighting scenarios in real life like cop cars candl light or fires Paparazzi taking a picture dance parties that sort of thing these definitely aren't essential but if you're filming more narrative style stuff they are very helpful up next we have to talk about an app interface a lot of lights nowadays actually have these apps that will allow you to control the light without having to touch the light not essential but definitely helpful if you're like me where you're constantly filming Yourself by yourself this way I can sit down I can pull up the app I can change the light intensity the color temperature any of that stuff while seeing how it looks on camera instead of having to go behind the light change the settings record a test clip review it and so on and so forth and that officially covers all of the primary and all of the secondary things that you need to be aware of prior to making an informed purchase now we can finally dive into those specific light recommendations but first if you found this style of in-depth training valuable hit that like And subscribe button and on top of that if you like this I definitely think you should check out our full online course for Content creators 14-day filmmaker it contains over 150 streamlined video tutorials walking through every single aspect of the content creation process from the technical side of what's the best gear to use the right camera settings how to light like a pro capture cinematic movements record and edit high quality audio how to tell captivating stories and an insane amount of editing training that will take you from a beginner to an absolute ninja included in this course are individual bonus courses that talk about mastering the process of shooting and editing on your smartphone a deep dive course on professional cameras and an entire curriculum on mastering YouTube covering how to get tons of views and build an amazing subscriber base lifetime access to all of that and the weekly Q&A calls that I personally host the bonus sound effects the editing cheat sheets all of that is just $48 if you're interested and you want to learn more and maybe enroll the link to do so is in the description of this video which I think YouTube if you're on a desktop just moved it to the right hand side of your screen either way back to the recommendations let's start from the bottom and talk about the most affordable lighting kit that's actually worth the money for under $50 you can get the mount dog light and softbox kit if you're just getting started shooting videos for maybe a YouTube channel your social media or you're shooting interviews with local businesses this is going to get you moving in the right direction the softbox is big enough to really give off a flattering soft light it's got enough power to light up a subject assuming you've got it relatively close to the person and it's also byy color which really is what sets this apart from most other lights in the same price range most other lights are daylight only not to mention the light also comes with a light stand these are usually sold separately and its own carrying case now for those of you looking to get a more professional setup the next light I'd point you towards is the newer CB 60b coming in at around $130 this is still a super affordable light All Things Considered but compared to the Mount dog kit we've really cranked up the power and features quite a bit with 70 W power draw this light can produce 34,000 Lux at 1 meter which is extremely bright for a light of this size and price and it's also a bicolor light due to the fact that it's a single point light source it's going to have that Universal Bowen Mount so you can attach practically any softbox or modifier it's going to be compatible with the newer app which means you can control it from your smartphone and it has 12 built-in lighting effect modes like lightning Paparazzi Candle Light TV screen and more now do keep in mind with this light it doesn't include a softbox so that's something you're going to need to purchase separately speaking of which though what type of softbox should you buy well I think if you're a YouTuber a traditional 90 CM octagon softbox is perfect now if you want to splurge a little bit more and you have a big bigger space to film in you could use the 120 CM option that I use it's going to give you a softer light source but you definitely want to consider just how big this thing is make sure it's going to fit in your space and you're also going to need a heavier duty light stand like a SE stand to keep it from tipping over now if you're anything like me and you actually hate light stands because they clutter up your filming area you can get these newer wall mounts I have two of them in my office and I absolutely love them now if you still need even more power than that maybe you're in a huge room and you just need a lot of light the newer CB 100c is actually one of the lights that I use and it is incredible it gives you all the same features as the previous light we covered but it's more powerful and it's also full color RGB now changing Dynamic here if you're in a tight space and size is really going to be an issue this is where a highquality LED panel will serve you nicely on the budget friendly side you've got the newer NL 288 LED panel this actually has diffusion built right into the LED panel which is nice I will say though don't expect it to it as soft as the earlier options with larger soft boxes but as a compromise with the smaller form factor it's definitely a great option and it's also byy color which is great now if you have a little bit more money to spend on an LED panel my personal favorite and the one that I use is the amaran p6c Aman is definitely a slightly more expensive brand but they're going to give you super high quality build quality the light output is really powerful for something of this size at 5,900 Lux it has tons of built-in special effects modes and it's full RGB giving you total control of whatever color you want to create but overall my favorite aspect of this led panel is that it's one of the only LED panels that comes with a dedicated softbox and grid system this means you're going to have a much much softer light source compared to all the other LED panels with built in diffusion or none whatsoever okay moving on let's say you're in a scenario where you've got multiple people that you need to light and you've only got one light this is where a lantern softbox would come into play just keep in mind you're going to want to get a single point light source with a Bowen Mount to use the lantern lanterns are also really good for Real Estate shoots where you want to light up an entire room with a nice soft light they're also really great for talking head looks they're just a different style than the soft box and grid system we talked about earlier the scene you're watching right now is actually me using a lantern and it's Ultra Soft I love how it looks but you know it does really light up the whole room then finally I know we talked about tube lights earlier and I already covered how it's probably not the best light if you're in the market for your first light but if you want something that's super super cool and versatile that you can use in tons of different scenes as both key lights fill lights even practical lights within the background they're just a ton of fun and I do think as a second or third light tube lights are crazy good options to look into that does it though as always links to all of this gear can be found in the description of the YouTube video other than that thanks so much for watching don't forget to check out 14-day filmmaker and I'll see you in the next one he's

  Top Comments:
  1. @waytowealth149: What shelf is that behind you on the left?
  2. @AienJamir-q3l: What about lights for full body ootd type framing?
  3. @NEELLOTUS: Every video jumps straight to "make it cinematic" but thank god you are explaining the real basics, thank you!😍
  4. @cohenjanzen: Probably the best video on this entire topic
  5. @Manny_News_Blogs_Tutorials: Any lighting works for me as I always shoot mobile on the go, so I go mostly for small portable LED video lights I could take with me anywhere I travel. But regardless of size and weight, the most important for me is light positioning and direction and it depends on the theme ambience of whatever content I'm working on. If it is for tutorial demo, unboxing or product reviews I usually go for wide angle lighting that covers large area of illumination. For media interviews, quick setup is required so I usually go for front lighting usually camera mounted if I'm chasing an ambush interview. If the content is all about space/ lunar observations or supernatural and ghosts related content where nighttime ambience is required, I go for narrow illumination in which Rembrandt style works best for me.
  6. @hslev: I wish I had seen this when I got started. So informative and well done.
  7. @stephenanastasi748: I just ordered the MOUNT DOG SOFTBOX LIGHTING KIT. It should be here shortly. OH! THE TENSION!
  8. @anishkanna92: Great effort.  Best video ❤
  9. @renatop5661: One of the best videos I've seen about filmmaking lights.
  10. @bakerRebuilds: The example with youre kitchen lights the way you gave it and matching the camera around 2700k to balance the shot made it click differently in my head, THANK YOU!!
  11. @jonathanbeh: the best video ever to explain lighting, thank you so much!
  12. @OmShivhare-t7n: 2:22 yeah sounds familiar 😂❤
  13. @realzeedel336: I love how you explain this for the layman to understand , bought your course and I don’t regret 😢 .
  14. @Legendx311: Good video 👍
  15. @DM43685: Slightly confused you said bigger was better, but your video shows the 65cm on the right compared with the 120cm , with a better light dispersion ??
  16. @TheKolbieCompany: Thank you 🙏 🙏🙏🙏🙏
  17. @OCUBOX: No mention of using DAY LIGHT? Which is the BEST and FREE?
  18. @the.jennyv: Subscribed! You are the best.
  19. @phawsea: nice video thanks! which camera(s) did you use?
  20. @NafizRashid-o5l: in depth review and really helpful for aspiing and new film makers

- The BEST Content Setup for 2025 for QUALITY - Camera, Audio, Lighting, all on ONE STAND!: Kind: captions Language: en Can we talk about the creator gear struggle? I'm talking about the endless YouTube searches, the Tik Tok hauls, the reviews that sound helpful until you buy the product and realize it actually sucks for what you need. I'm here to help you weed through all of that as I talk about my 2025 content setup on wheels. Okay, so let's just go right ahead jump into this video and I'm going to tell you about all of the creative gear that I have been loving as well as the setup that I use to film about 90% of my content today. [Music] Hey guys, welcome back to my channel. My name is Amber Charice and here on this channel I help burntout creators and entrepreneurs turn their content into cash. Not only do I do that, but I do dibble and dabble a little bit in the creator tech space. So, I know a thing or two as I've been doing this thing for quite a while. So, you can find all those things here on my channel. If you are new here, definitely go back and binge watch my videos. And once you realize that you love little old me, then subscribe to the channel. All right, let's go ahead and hop right into today's video. So, here's the thing that nobody tells you about when you get started with your content creator journey or your content creator gear or maybe you've been in it for a while and you just want to upgrade your content. Just because it's trending cough cough DJI Pocket 3 doesn't mean it's the best product on the market for the content that you are filming. No shade. I love DJI, but I just don't really care for the DJI Pocket 3. We'll talk about that in another video. With that being said, I too have bought cameras that I do not need. I have bought crappy lighting that only makes my content look worse. Mics that picked up everything but my voice. So, not only am I going to break down my content setup that I have now, I'm going to give you all the content gear that I absolutely recommend because I have tried these products myself and absolutely love them. So, let's go ahead and start with the first piece of gear. Now, I'm not going to sugarcoat anything for you guys. Some of the items that I'm going to talk about in this video are not budget friendly. And that being is because when I was on my search on my journey to make sure I'm getting the highest quality content, I did not mind investing into this as it is part of my business to produce great quality content that converts into cash. Okay? So, I didn't mind spending it and I know some of you out there are very serious about your content creator journeys and you don't mind spending it either because trust me, you'll get it back. Okay? But um for those of you who are still iPhone shooters who are trying to find items that are budget friendly, I have an entire Amazon cart ready for you to purchase with all of the things that are budget friendly. But this video in particular probably won't be one of them. Okay, first thing we're going to talk about is my Sony ZV E1. Not the ZV E10. This camera gets mistaken for that one all the time because they literally look identical. But this is the fullframe version of that camera. We can just say that because it looks the same. So, this is a full-frame camera. You're able to use full-frame lenses. You can use APS-C lenses as well, but I prefer to use my full-frame lenses on this particular camera. Y'all, when I talk about a vlog camera, this is it. Okay, so the Sony ZV E1, like I said, I'm going to put some of the specs over on the screen. I'm not going to get too techy or too into detail with that, but I will tell you this right here is my recommendation for a vlog setup. Um, I'm using with this the 14 mm 1.8 G Master lens. Um, and I'm also using the Sony grip to go with it, so I can, you know, shoot content with the little grip as well as hold it. and I can set it up as a little tripod all at the same time. I'm also using the Sony, I want to say it's the GCM mic. So, basically, you don't have to use any cords or anything. It plugs right in and it automatically hooks up to the camera. Um, and I'm using also a quick release plate as well as a L bracket that I have set up vertically because most of the content that I shoot these days are uh vertical content for reals. So, this is how I have it set up. But, of course, you can always take the bracket off, flip this thing the other way, and you can record your vlogs. The most creamiest, dreamiest, cinematic, blurred background vlog you are going to get. Super stable. There are plenty of reviews about this specific camera on YouTube, including the one that I created myself, which I will link down below. So, if you're interested in a vlogging specific camera, video ccentric first. Okay, I highly recommend this particular one. And of course, I'm going to include a little bit of footage from this particular camera as well. So, just to give you guys an example of what this footage looks like, I'm going to add this clip over on top. This is a vlogging camera. Super wide angle. As you can see in my um main clip here, you can't really see my background, but do you see how wide this lens is? Yeah, you can see my entire office with this lens, which is why I think it is amazing for vlogging. You can see my little dirty office. But yeah, this is a wonderful lens, you guys. There are so many features that this camera has. Like I said, I'm not going to get too ind depth into it because I have a review down in the description box below. So, I want you guys to check that out. But, this is an amazing camera for vlogging. Okay, look at the background. You see how creamy and blurry that is back there? I'm just saying this is that girl when it comes to a vlog camera. Another camera that I love to use, y'all, is my big baby. This is the Canon R six Mark I. I currently have a 30 mm Sigma lens on it. But you guys, this camera is this camera is that girl there. this. It's just something about Canon and the quality of the color. The color science that comes out of this camera is bar none. Now, the only reason why I'm not shooting with this camera for this specific video, this is typically my YouTube sit down camera, is because I had something going on with my audio and the microphone that I'm currently using right now. I think it's the wires. I don't know, girl. Okay, I love using tech stuff, but I didn't have the patience to figure it out. So, I did not use this camera to film today, but this is typically like the YouTube sitdown camera that I will use. I absolutely love this camera. Before I was using the R six Mark II, I was using a DSLR camera, which is the Canon 90D. It really looks identical to this camera. Um, and it was amazing camera as well. So, if you're on a budget, you may want to go with the Canon 90D as opposed to the R six Mark II. But honey, once you step up into this territory, butter. Okay. And the color is absolutely chef's kiss on this particular camera. So this is these are two of the cameras that I like to use. The third camera that I like to use, which I am filming on it right now, is an So think of it like this. This camera is the camera that I will grab if I'm going to go take photos, right? This camera is the camera that I'm going to grab if I want to vlog me taking them photos. Okay. And the camera that I'm currently filming on right now is the Sony A7C2. And that is literally these cameras in one. So basically, it is amazing for both filming content and taking pictures. Right now, I currently have the 35 G Master 1.4, which is why you see this really, really creamy background, and I'm really crisp and clear in the camera. that y'all this camera eats down. So if you are a Sony type of person and you just really want to stick with Sony cameras, I highly recommend this one. So it's basically like the Sony A74 but in a smaller, more compact body. This is what I call the hybrid cameras of all hybrid cameras at this point that I have tried. So I absolutely love this camera. Now, aside from these three cameras that I have here, like I told you, I have the Canon 90D. It's in my closet, as well as the Canon G7X. I have that one as well. I also have the DJI Pocket 2. I did have the DJI Pocket 3, but girl, we gave her away. I don't even go for the DJI Pocket 2 anymore. The thing is, once you cross over into these full-frame camera territories, you don't want to use nothing but them. Okay, now the G7X, um, I think I have the Mark III. I love to take that if I'm on the go and I need to get pictures. Amazing flash on that camera. Your pictures come out warm and crisp. Really, really pretty pictures. So, these are all the cameras that I used. I very seldomly, actually, I never use my iPhone. Um, can you use your iPhone and get great quality content? Absolutely. But I chose to go the camera route because I like cameras. Okay, don't shoot me. I love cameras. Um, so these are all the cameras that I have. Let's go ahead and get into audio next. So, for audio, I use a few different sources. The tip, there are typically three. Um, I have the DJI Mic 2. I highly enjoy using this particular microphone. It has a eyelash on it. Sorry, guys. So, I highly enjoy using this particular microphone. It's really, really nice. Has amazing audio quality. It has tons of features on there so that you can, you know, isolate your voice, things of that nature. So, love this. Now, I also like to use T5 wireless microphone. So, it's literally this itty bitty thing here. It's the size of a quarter, and this is the size of it compared to the DJI Mic 2. It's teeny tiny. This is a more budget friendly option than this. Um, and it gives amazing audio quality as well. It does have features on there where it does like the voice cancellation, all that good stuff. Absolutely love these. So, these are my go-to mics when I'm, you know, shooting content where I can't have a sit down microphone right in front of me or I'm moving around and I want my audio to remain consistent. I will use one of these. Like sometimes with this particular one, girl, I will just let me show y'all what I typically do. I will hook her up in my glasses, move my hair a little bit, make sure I'm in an angle, and you don't even know I have a mic on. is giving Tyler Perry's plays when they had the mics like right in front of their wigs. So, not only will I use those microphones, I also use the Shore MV 7 microphone. And the reason why I love this one is because it has that USBC uh ports on it. So, therefore, I can plug it into like my phone or I can plug it into my iPad. And this is typically the mic that I use when I'm doing all my voiceovers. As a matter of fact, I hope it's working right at this very moment because I'm looking over and my audio levels ain't really moving and it's pretty far away from me. So, that's probably part of the problem. Let me move it up a little bit. Okay, so hopefully the audio is good and y'all can hear me. You can probably see it right now. As a matter of fact, let me move it up. This is what the mic looks like. Okay, so those are the mics that I typically use to film content. It just really depends on where I am and what I'm doing. Anytime that I'm filming a YouTube video, I typically go for this mic. Um, and then like I said, if I'm doing a voice over for some content that I've filmed that's a short form piece of content, I use that one as well. Another honorable mention that I want to talk about really, really quickly before we move on to lights, things of that nature, is I showed you guys the Sony grip that I use for my ZV1, but I also have the Aolin. I think I said Adeline before and I think that's wrong, but I have the Aodelin. I don't know. And it's very very similar. It does the same thing. Has the same functionalities as the Sony Grip except for this. You're able to take the remote off and I can actually control the camera and it's hooked up to the camera that I'm using right now. So I can zoom out and everything. This is how wide this particular lens gets. Um and I can take pictures and as well as record using the remote here. So just wanted to mention that before we move along a little further. Now, when it comes to lenses, it really depends on the space that you're working with. Most people, if you have your favorite content creators here on YouTube or maybe on, you know, short form content, they may talk about um if they have a Sony camera, the 24 to 70 mm lens. And that is a really, really great versatile lens for someone who just wants to invest into a lens one time. um it gets a really good long distance focal point or very close up depending on what you know content you want to shoot. But a lot of times those lenses are very expensive because not only are they super good but they offer the ability to zoom in and you know all those good things. However, um lenses are really really important and choosing the right lens is very important as well. If you have a small, tight, refined space like I have, um, wide angle lenses are probably going to be your best bet when it comes to pairing something with your camera. This is not a full-frame lens. This is the 15 G lens from Sony, and this is also amazing for vlogging. I definitely use this for vlogging as well, and it's much lighter than that 14 mil that I currently have on my Sony DV1. But this lens is really, really good. I even sometimes put this lens on that particular camera that I'm filming with right now. Still works all the same, all that good stuff. So, if you're looking for maybe a wide angle lens to vlog with, this is a good lens because not only can you vlog with this lens, but you can also create other content with it. It's super wide, so sometimes if you need to bring your camera a lot closer to you, you definitely can. But I absolutely love this lens. But like I said, lenses really depends on like the space, the type of shots, the type of looks that you're going for. Most of the lenses that I have or that I currently use are wide angle lenses like that. Um, I also, like I said, I'm filming with a 35 millimeter lens. On my Canon, I typically use my 24 mil and sometimes I'll pull out my 16 mil, but I do have like um a 50 millimeter lens, which I rarely ever use because I used to use that back in the day when I did beauty content. Y'all, your girl, she's seasoned. She's done a lot of things here on YouTube. But I used to use that particular lens for my beauty content because it's really, really close and you can see all the details of you doing the makeup. But nowadays, most of my content is either this distance or wider because I need to get more in the shot. And like I said, if you have a small space, wide angle lenses are going to be your best bet. If you have a really, really large space and you have places that you can put your camera off in the distance, you can get away with using a 50 mil or a 35 or whatever the case may be to film your content. So, just wanted to give you some insight on the lenses that I use and just give you some insight on those little remotes because they're super duper handy when it comes to creating content. But now, let's talk about lighting. So, the current light that I'm using right now is the GVM 80 W video light, and it's like a studio light, you guys. I'm also using the Small Rig lantern softbox. You guys, this light is everything. And I think what really makes it everything is this actual softbox lantern that I have on it. Um, you have different diffusers that you can put on your lighting um or whatever light source that you have to adjust or to make the lighting spread differently. This is the most even spread light that I have used. I also have panel lights. The ones I like are by Ray Leno and they are good as well. But this particular light does so much all by itself. It's literally the only lighting source that I'm using right now to film this video. I'm pretty sure you guys can see that in the background. And it's absolutely amazing. I love it. And what I also like about it is that you can download the app and turn the light on and off from my phone as opposed to me having to get up and adjust the light, turn it on and off. As a matter of fact, let me show y'all. Right now it's at 41%. This is if I turn Oops. This is if I turn the light all the way down. And this is if I turn the light all the way up. So, it's just an amazing uh feature to have to be able to Hold on. Hold on. Hold on. Perfect. So, it's an amazing uh you know, feature to be able to have to use so that I can adjust my lighting as I see fit and not have to get up, girl. Because who wants to get up? So, having an app on your phone to control your lighting as well as having a remote to control my camera. Girl, that means I can sit down and do what I got to do. That's tea. That's tea, honey. Ain't that what we do? Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Tea. Now, although I'm not using one at the moment, and I very seldomly have to use a tripod, there are two tripods that I absolutely recommend for um shooting content. So, I'll definitely pop those up here on the screen as well as link them down below. They are very sturdy. They're heavy duty tripods. One is more sturdier, heavy duty than the other. I'll make sure that I indicate which one down in the description box below. But now, it's time for the moment that we all been waiting for, and it's talking about this amazing setup that I have here in front of me. So, let's go ahead and get into the details of what you are currently seeing back there in the background, but you can't really see it. But you can see it, but you can't really see it. So, now first I think it's very important for me to talk about where I got this idea from. So, I'm pretty sure most of you guys follow this OG tech creator here on YouTube and also over on Tik Tok and Instagram by the name of Taylor Lloyd. We love our girl Taylor. Make sure y'all go and follow her. Okay, but she is where I originally saw this idea. I think she posted it first like over on Instagram and I saw it at the time. Mom, I think I had just bought a new tripod. So, I was like, "Uhuh, Taylor, here you go. Coming for my pockets yet again." So, I was like, "You know what? I'mma hold off. I don't think I need this setup. Girl, I needed this setup." Okay. So, a couple months later, I decided to go back on Taylor's Instagram and take a look at it where I discovered she also posted a YouTube video about it. And I went over to YouTube to find how she set up her content setup here on Wheels. But not only that, you know, when they show like the little recommendations of videos that's next to it, tell me why people have been doing this for years. I had no idea that there was a simplified setup. I've always been the girl with the ring light, okay, the panel light to the side, another panel light to the side, a table or something in front of me, uh, so I can hold my iPad and all these things of that nature. and I was only stuck in one position to be able to film. With this particular content setup, I can literally walk around my entire house, make any room a backdrop because this thing is on wheels. It has a battery pack on it. So therefore, I don't have to plug it into the wall and I can create my content. And of course, I can just use my wireless mics when it's time to use audio. Y'all, this content setup is barn none. Absolutely love it. So, let's go ahead and break down exactly every single thing that I have on my setup. So, I'm going to show you from this point of view this angle. So, this is my content set up on wheels from top to bottom. I'm able to literally move it around as I please. as you guys can see. If I were to turn it around, I have a totally different backdrop than what you currently see now. So, absolutely love this setup. Let's kind of get into how everything is on here. So, if you're looking for a video that's going to show you exactly how to set it up, that would require me to take mine down. So, I can't show you that, but I can also refer some videos in the uh description of how to get it set up. So, as you guys can see here, this is the GVM PAS watt light. This is the one that I use to film mostly all of my content at this point. And I'm using the Small Rig lantern diffuser with it, which evenly disperses all my light. This is the actual seand that I decided to use. It is I can't think of the name of the company. It's definitely the one I believe that uh Taylor referred in her video. Super sturdy, super heavy duty. Love this. Um, and you're able to kind of adjust the height of it from here. And also in this area for the in order to get the camera on here and away from the actual Zstand, you kind of want to create some distance. So, we basically just used a um, what are these called? Super clamp. And this is the one I have by Newer. Don't worry, everything will be linked. And from the super clamp, you want to put one of like it's you put the extension arm within it. It's all secure. Trust me, it's not going anywhere. Okay. Um, you also to be able to make sure that I can film ver film both horizontally and vertically, I put it on one of these ball joints that I got from K&F. I will definitely list that below. And I also have a quick release plate on the actual camera. So if I wanted to actually run and grab another camera, I also have a a quick release plate mounted on it as well. And it easily allows me to just switch out my camera from one to the other. And it easily allows me to switch out my camera from one to another. Um, now this is my remote, my wireless remote for my Canon. So, just don't mind that. It's just hanging there because I can always get two of it's right there. Next thing you guys will find on my setup is my monitor. This is a 27 in Samsung computer monitor. And pretty much I got the big size because your girl is blind. I can't see very well. I can't see very far away. Shoot. At this point, girl, I can't even see closeup. So, I make sure that I had a larger size monitor so that I could accurately see everything that I am filming, making sure that I'm in focus and all that good stuff. What I love about the way that I got the monitor set up on here, it's in the same situation as um the camera. So, I basically have a super clamp, the extension arm, and then I also have a rotatable mount for the actual monitor, which means I can literally flip this TV, not TV, I can flip this monitor vertically. So, when I am shooting short form content, I literally can flip my camera. And not only can I flip my camera, I can flip the monitor and I'm able to accurately depict what's going on, how I'm filming it, how I'm recording it. Next, we have another magic arm. Well, this one is actually a real magic arm. This one is from Small Rig as well. And I have one of my panel lights on here. This particular light is not necessarily by color. So, I wanted to make sure I'm able to add some type of warmth into my lighting as well when needed. So, that's the reason why I have the panel light on there. The panel light itself is wireless and I can also plug it up if I need to once it dies. but it allows me to bring in a little bit of warmth back into my footage if needed. Next thing I have on mine is another super clamp and another magic arm. And this one has my iPad mounted to it. So, it has like a little mount for the iPad bracket and all that good stuff. And the reason why I have my iPad on here is because it has all my notes for my videos that I film. Therefore, I don't have to constantly reach for my phone or things of that nature. It's just like right there. I can see it. And typically, my I pull the whole thing closer to me anyway so that I can actually read what's on the iPad. And then from here, all we have is a bunch of these little ties. And these are for like, you know, wires and stuff like that. I just bought a bunch of them from Amazon. You know, a little pack comes and you pay a fraction of the price for it and you get a whole bunch of them. So, I bought this so I can kind of keep the cords organized on there cuz otherwise the cords would be extremely messy and all over the place. So, I kind of just, you know, got that to kind of keep everything intact. And from here, I believe I could purchase a battery pack for this, a wireless battery pack for this, I think. I'm not exactly sure, but instead I have um it plugged into this actual battery pack down below. Now, I'm going to be honest with you, this particular one is not as strong as I need it to be because I don't have a lot of time to film. I would say about an hour max and then this thing runs out. So, and I think that's just because the light itself is so powerful. So, yeah, I would definitely upgrade this, but I'll still link it. And also my computer monitor is plugged into the battery pack as well. Now, a lot of people also add the sandbags. I bought the sandbags, but I didn't realize that you have to put the actual sand into the bag. So, I don't have it on here. I highly recommend putting it on there, though, because this thing can tip over, and we don't want that to happen. So, it's possible for it to tip over, even though it has like the locks in place and everything. I haven't had it tip over, but I haven't had experiences where I caught it before it actually tipped over. So, highly recommend that you have one of those. And I also had a table, like a little tea top table where I actually set my battery pack on top of, but girl, she fell off. Okay. And oh well, at that point, because she fell off, but this is what my entire content setup on wheels look like. Don't mind all that other stuff over there. We just want to pay attention to this. And yeah, she is super convenient. I'm absolutely glad that I decided to go ahead and go with this content setup and major shout out to Taylor all over again because if I didn't see her post it, I don't think I would have known about this whole setup and it is everything that I need. All right, you guys. Hopefully this video answered all those burning questions for you guys cuz I do get a lot of questions on what camera am I using to film certain videos or what mic am I using, things of that nature. So, I'm hoping this video cleared up a lot of that for you guys and I showed you, you know, the behind the scenes of how I sell my YouTube content. But, I do want you guys to know that you do not need every single piece of content right now. If you're not in that space where you're able to go ahead and start investing into the gear that you use to make your content, that is perfectly okay. Okay? But I will say this, you do need a content setup that's going to make creating content easier for you, not harder. I will tell you one thing. Back when I was using like the tripods, the panel lights, the ring lights, it took more for me to actually get up, get everything set up in order for me to start creating content. And sometimes I really wouldn't create the content because I didn't want to do the whole setup part. But with this, y'all, it is so easy. The only thing that I have to 100% make sure that I do is charge my battery pack. And even if I don't charge my battery pack, I can, yes, I can still plug this into the wall, my extension cord, but it literally has everything on it. I don't have to set up my lights in a separate area. I don't have to set up my tripod. I don't have to set up my monitor. I don't have to do a whole bunch of extra stuff. And I did have my monitor at least on a rolling cart before, but that means I had a rolling cart, then I had my tripod, then I had my lights. So, it was a lot going on. So, super easy for me to go ahead and film content and anything that makes your job easier will allow for you to want to go ahead and get things done. So, yeah, babes, no more taking 44 minutes in between shots to get the shot and all that good stuff. So, if you want to be consistent, you have to make content convenient for you, whatever they may look like. And for me, that is the magic of this entire setup. And as I told you guys before, I want to film a lot more of these content or tech or gear related videos. So, if you have questions about lighting, cameras, um, anything of that nature, let me know down in the comment section below. So, therefore, I know what to film next for you guys. Thank you so much for sticking around to the end of this video. Again, my name is Amber Charice, and y'all, that was my battery pack going out for this light. So, yeah. Mhm. That that's what just happened. So, with that being said, thank you so much for tuning into today's video. I'm going to go ahead and throw this battery pack on charge. Make sure that you go back and realize that you love little Omi, be sure to subscribe to the channel and I'll catch you guys in the next video. Peace. I don't want you stare every day. All I want to hear is ever since we play sit right next to you. I try not to show how I feel about right next to you.

  Top Comments:
  1. @NatalieStringfield [4 likes]: Oooh. Let me save this to watch a little later cuz I know it’s gonna be tea. I found your amazing review on the ZV-E1 almost 2 years ago when I started my channel. It was so detailed and profession and made me buy that camera. I literally gained almost 80k subs from the level of quality. So thank you Queen! I’ll be back to watch the whole thing.
  2. @CreateWithDanae [2 likes]: Thank you for sharing this. I saw on IG then went to Taylor as well and bought everything 🤣🤣. This is me telling myself ima finally create content. My light is super strong though, I have the amaran 200x S and omg literally the best light ever. I also have the diffuser/softbox which is a must! Since I have that light though I needed a 500w power source lol so I bought a pretty pricey one on Amazon and then a heavy duty tray table to hold it bc its 13lbs. All in all I am loving my content on wheels. My issue now is figuring out which room or how to make my filming area more esthetically pleasing. Thank you for sharing!
  3. @NatalieStringfield [2 likes]: Also…do you mind sharing what plugins you use for pop ups, typography etc?
  4. @tta1390 [1 likes]: This is super helpful. Do you mind showing how the photos look on your picture cameras. I’m trying to decide between filming on my iPhone and getting the G7x for photos of getting the r6 for both video and photo
  5. @carmenmich [1 likes]: This video is super helpful! I’m going to have to set aside $4k for the camera and lens. Then a few thousand more for everything else. Just subscribed
  6. @Makhe77 [1 likes]: Just found your channel and I just want to say, thank you! Secondly….you are so fine Sis 😊 and thanks for breaking this down for us new creators
  7. @BroketoBossTalk [1 likes]: When you say you need the panel light for warmth, what do you mean by that!
  8. @comelitekang8873 [1 likes]: Im with you on this, ppl have been doing this setup for years and like you i only came across it today. I actually came across a guy called "Thinkmedia" I think. He's video is 1 year old. Then I came across Taylor's video and I combined info ftom both their videos to start putting my 1 video rig together.b
  9. @divinemamapreneur [1 likes]: I felt that “and not have to get up!” in my soul 😂. Love this, thank you for sharing!
  10. @Treborray [1 likes]: Your lighting >>>>>
  11. @kellyjacobs4218 [1 likes]: This is so helpful, thank you!
  12. @tombraere: And thank thank you, this video was so informative and no beating around the bush like others…❤️❤️❤️❤️
  13. @tombraere: Please can I this same lense for a makeup tutorial ?
  14. @TheContourCowboy: That vlog camera is fire!
  15. @BeingSRosette: Super thorough and helpful. Thank you!
  16. @SamuelICanWin: 🤎 let’s go.
  17. @OtisRobertsonPOD: I just knew the main camera was going to be the Canon EOS R5, lol. Quality looks good nonetheless.
  18. @eparker: The Cannon R6 Mark II is BOMB. I use the Cannon R8 too. I don't have any issues with the overall look of my videos as of this comment. LOVE both of them.
  19. @SympliBri: Thank you!!! Did I miss the note regarding which tripod you prefer or is more heavy duty?
  20. @AScentedSoul: Thank you❤

- The Best Action Camera Of 2025!: Kind: captions Language: en Looking for the best action camera in 2025? We've tested the top options and narrowed it down to action cams we recommend. From the best budget action camera to more of the prolevel options, there's something here for everyone. Let's start with what you're actually going to use your action camera for. Are you going to be leaping out of planes, diving down below 10 to 15 m in the sea, or hurtling down mountain bike tracks or on a motorbike doing crosscountry trails or muddy races? Will you be attaching your camera to cars, bikes, or boats, meaning your camera is going to be exposed to some pretty harsh environments? If so, then the cameras I'm recommending towards the middle and end of this video are more suited to you. But if you're just looking for a camera that can handle a bit of snorkeling, some biking, and even putting in some moderately testing extreme environments, then every camera here is going to be fine for you. And also watch out for low light capability because there's one camera here in particular that does really well in low light situations. Make sure to check the specs and have a think about what you truly need and that will help you choose the right camera system for you. And I say system because that's how cameras work with your phone, your computer, and the app that connects your phone. All of that is part of the decision, too, because you'll be wanting to make that as seamless as possible and make sure that the app is free if at all possible. That makes it simple for you not only to get your footage off your camera and ready to share, but can add some extra bells and whistles for cool montages and video clips that are ready to share with your world. Let's start with the Insta 360 Go series. The latest here is the Go 3 and the Go 3S. These are great allrounders and they're really small. You can't beat the Insta 360 Go series for portability. At 35 1/2 g, the Go3 is super lightweight. The Go 3S weighs in at 39.1 g, still lighter than a golf ball. Despite their small sizes, these cameras shoot amazing videos. Let's talk about the benefits. The Go 3 and Go 3S are so light, you can carry them around with no hassle, and they're super discreet, too, if you detach them from the action pod. The Go 3S gives you crisp, smooth 4K video at 30 frames per second, but the Go 3, even shooting at 2.7K, makes really good videos. I even made a bunch of vlogs with it in Japan. The flip out screen on this small camera is surprisingly helpful and really helps with framing or making sure you get a good view of your footage as you shoot it from any angle, like tilted at 90° on your bike handlebars, for example. Use the magnetic hat clip, medallion, or pivot stand. They're all included to mount it however you like. It's great for hands-free shooting. Now, both models feature Insta 360's impressive stabilization technology that smooths out shaky footage during any kind of movement. Now, these cameras can handle being underwater for up to about 10 m. But the action pod that houses the main camera unit is only water resistant though and shouldn't be submerged in water. So, you need to bear that in mind. The cool thing about choosing Insta 360 cameras is their app. Whether you go for the Go series or the other camera I'll mention later. Their app is the best for editing and sharing cool content, especially for social media or sending to family and friends. For me, it's a major major plus point. Let's talk about some of the things you'll also need to consider if thinking about these cameras. Now, like many smaller cameras, the Go series may struggle in lower light conditions, leading to reduced image quality for your videos. They're pretty good on battery power, but you'll probably need to recharge if you shoot for a long time. Now, I've shot with the Go 3 and the 3S all over the world, and the audio quality is surprisingly good, but you can't add an external mic. That might be a downside for you, but it really all depends on how you intend to use your action camera. For everyday adventurers, this camera is awesome. Waterproof and steady for outdoor and underwater shots. This is a fantastic package. You get a lot of things included. Though it is a fixed memory in the camera rather than an SD card. You can still quickly move your content with the quick reader gadget designed specifically for this. It's pretty affordable and I have a video about it on my channel. So check it out after you finish this one if you want more information. I think this is a wonderful little camera series and I pretty much always have one with me if I take a trip anywhere. You should be able to pick up the Go 32 GB capacity for about $320. The Go3S is available in 64 gig and 128 gig capacities priced at $400 and $430 respectively. Now, I recommend going for the camera with the highest memory capacity within your budget since you can't upgrade it later. And yes, that memory is builtin and it doesn't have any slots for additional SD cards. My next option here is for a camera that's a bit tougher for more extreme action and adventuring, but it also has an option for a slightly older generation of the same camera from early last year that's still worth considering in 2025. The DJI Osmo Action 5 is a tough camera for anything you throw at it. This camera is perfect for adventure and extreme action lovers. Rugged, stable, and great for video. You can take the Osmo Action 5 underwater up to 20 m without housing. It's a seriously durable action cam, and the Action 5 is surprisingly lightweight for a true action camera. A real plus if you travel light. You'll get smooth video with DJI's Rock Steady 3.0, even in crazy conditions, because it's built on years of drone experience. And get this, it has internal storage. It has 47 gigs, so you can film tons without changing memory cards, though you can add one if you need to. But it's great to have this either to get you started or keep in reserve in case you film more than you thought you were going to and don't have another SD card handy. Honestly, I wish all camera companies would do this. With one charge, you can shoot 4K for 112 minutes, which is great for an action camera because you can use it for a long time without needing to charge it so often. In fact, you might be able to get away with one charge lasting all day. Now, the Action 5 has amazing image quality and records in 10 bit HDR, giving you more options when you're editing. This makes the colors pop more and gives your videos a better look. You also get the Osmo Audio ecosystem built into this camera. This works via direct connection to the DJI Mic 2 or Mic Mini, and that's wireless without any dongles, giving you a really great options to upgrade your audio with an external mic without anything hanging off your camera. And that also now work with the older Osmo Action 4, too. There really aren't too many cons to think about here. There's a couple of features like subject tracking that keep you in the center of your frame shooting in 2.7K video that might be useful for you, but it's not really a gamecher. It's actually a good all round action camera that could be great for your needs. But as I've mentioned here, I'd also recommend checking out the Osmo Action 4. You might be able to get this at a bargain price and it's still a great option for an action camera in 2025. The Action 5 is approximately priced at $400 and you can pick up the previous generation Action 4 for about $300. But look out for special discounted offers for this one. Next up, the flagship action camera from Insta 360, the Ace Pro 2, which has been out for a while now and I still think is potentially the best action camera out there. For me, the Ace Pro 2 really is the jack of all trades Swiss Army knife of action cameras. Equally at home on the trails, in the city, and surfing the waves, and it can give you excellent results day or night. But is it good at everything, or are there compromises to be made along the way? Let's start with the underlying tech hardware. The new sensor and lens combination really is incredibly good, and the computing power packed into the camera means it's doubled from the original Ace Pro. You have an efficient splitting of tasks between the dual chips, resulting in major image quality performance improvements and powerful AI noise reduction. Now, all this means that low light filming using the dedicated pure video mode is incredibly good. It's the best of all the cameras I featured here with the Osmo Action 5 in second place. The audio improvement is great with the new algorithms and the new wind guard, too. Now, in a lot of situations, this performs really well, especially because I live in the windy city that is Wellington, New Zealand. And you can now connect selected external mic receivers into the USB connector directly, meaning you don't have to use any audio adapter, and you can get great external audio. Though, in most cases, you may not even need it. It's not as convenient to get better audio as the Action 5 and the Osmo Audio ecosystem, but the onboard mics usually do an excellent job if you're close enough. Now, the Insta3 Mic Air is out. This means even better audio options through wireless connection for the Ace Pro 2 as Insta3 builds out a rival audio ecosystem to the one I mentioned by DJI. I love the huge, even bigger flip screen for framing. Not just myself when it's at 180°, but also appreciate it when it's on a bike or even good for your kids when they're biking, too. It's an easy way for you to get POV shots for their little rides, especially when you can remote control the camera, say through your Apple Watch. You can use the Ace Pro 2 at 12 m underwater without any extra housing. And the new underwater mode is a gamecher because it corrects distortion and makes special stylized optimizations to give you a wider, more natural view. You don't even have to get into the settings to make any adjustments yourself. Just select underwater mode and it's done. Now, let's talk about the Ace Pro 2's more adventurous uses, because I really like the new removable lens guard, just like on the GoPros. I haven't had any issues with it, but it's nice to note that the protection for the lens is easy to remove and install, and it's much cheaper and easier to replace than the original lens guard on the Ace Pro Burst version. You also get great shots with Insta 360's flow state stabilization and excellent battery life, too, even with reverse charging, so you can top up your phone if you need an emergency boost for your phone. Totally great emergency capability for your adventures. And there's a bunch of other great features, too, like gesture control, voice control, and pre-recording, and even a dash cam mode. You also get the amazing Insta3 app for free with all kinds of AI magic to get the best out of your footage for cool shots to share on social media. On the disadvantage side of things, it's a bit bigger and heavier than other cameras on this list, but you are getting a lot for your money. At the time of making this video, the Ace Pro 2's regular list price is $420, but I have seen it going for cheaper, so watch out for special offers. It's also the most expensive one here. This is the premium option if you're after the best action camera and you have a budget that can stretch to it. It's excellent and I think most people would be better off with the DJI Action 4 or the Go 3 from Insta 360 if you are on that limited budget. Now that you're up to speed on action cameras, we've got some videos linked on screen to help you even further. There's also a link to my channel, The Tech Packer, where I share gear and tips about cameras like these today and cool travel tech gear. And as always, check out the additional links and resources in the description box below, and I'll see you in the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Marc_Fuchs_1985 [52 likes]: Alright, but what is this video worth? You say you have been using these cameras for a while, but not a single personal shot. This was basically a triple ad for 3 action cams with showing all the marketing material. Also you were mentioning low light performance, yet not mentioning, how each of them performs in low light. As mentioned, nothing but an ad. Repeating all the marketing stuff from these companies. And not mentioning really problematic aspects of these cameras, like being forced to register via app and having to sideload a very sketchy and unsafe app. I am usually not that critical, but this video has no value. Which is why I gave a thumbs down. Yeah crazy that somebody explains, why he does give a dislike and not leaving the creator in the dark.
  2. @fezwhy [4 likes]: Finally, someone that isn't paid from Gopro that can give an honest review.
Looks like I will be picking up an ace pro 2
  3. @ratonarope [4 likes]: I need a standalone camera, no phone app, no forced updates and all that nonsense.  I take the video and change the battery and card when they're empty/full. I'm still using a Hero 5 because the new ones aren't worth the hassle of having to carry a phone with me.  That's so janky.

All these 'top' brands are the same 'use our app' ecosystem scam and make them worthless for my use cases.  I don't always have a phone, or connectivity when i'm doing action stuff.

So are there any good cameras out there that aren't this utter trash?  Like a REAL pro grade unit that just does the thing without all this nonsense?  It's job is to write data to an SD card.  And give me access to all the settings right on the camera.  I want to push the buttons on the camera and drop into the runs or trails and that just happens with no interference, no forced updates nothing but filling the SD card with the moving pictures.

Is there ANYTHING out there with good quality for real pros that isn't a consumer gimmick or data stealing spyware that just records solid video when i push the button?
  4. @MediaEasier [2 likes]: Insta360 X5 plus
  5. @BeSafe2000-k7k [1 likes]: :hand-pink-waving:
  6. @theankurdhaka [1 likes]: Is action 5 pro / ace pro 2 having distortion? A popular channel advised not to buy an action camera for travel videos due to distortion. Videos will be curved, so will be our face in self recordings
  7. @Maniacal_Laughter: Which one would be best to sneak into a concert? And no handle
  8. @mattmozza123: Would you recommend these sort of cameras for mainly taking photos??
  9. @danconnor1472: Yes the Ace Pro shoots great footage but everytime the mounting system fails when on the ocean it becomes expensive and theres no way of attaching a lanyard to the camera, I'm on the 3rd one and it can't handle windsurfing, none of them can it seems , insta 360 needs to seriously fix this , it a very weak connection , as is the RS One door on the case  , that fails also then your camera falls out , NOT GOOD ENOUGH Insta 360 🤬
  10. @schong6860: Hi,at I know do you use charging station for Insta360Ace Pro2 or using the Camera itself for charging battery
  11. @BalkanTrailBlazer: I have gopro 11 amd i want sell it after all that
  12. @RenoP-m3s: Something nobody has said, how long can you continuously film before using up 40 Gigs of internal memory
  13. @4REELING: genuinely great review
  14. @ahmedsolayman: Informative video
  15. @JamHavoc: I have A GoPro Hero 7 since 2019. GoPro isn’t mentioned at all in this video, are they outdated? I still like it very much, only downside is the battery performance that runs out after filming for an hour
  16. @ALDIRO24: Thanks for the video.
  17. @harleyvlogger8388: Can you connect the DJI Osmo 4 and or 5 to external power bank while filming?
  18. @texasranger2398: Which one is best for running style videos ?
  19. @PaulAKSS: Thank you for this video, I’m am looking for a camera that I can add to a 35 ft telescopic pole to do gutter inspections, could you make any recommendations? It would be really helpful if I could see what the camera sees but from the ground but this is not essential. Thank you for any help you can give
  20. @Guimeet: Hello Guys! This is Antonio from WASINTEK CHINA. With 13 years of expertise as a manufacturer, we specialize in producing action cameras and camera modules. Whether you need to integrate specific functions or seek cameras for specialized scenarios, we offer comprehensive OEM and ODM customization services to bring your vision to life. Feel free to reach out—let's collaborate on tailored solutions for your unique needs! 📸✨

- Did Sony Just Create the Best Camera for YouTube? (Sony ZV-E10 II Review): Kind: captions Language: en I have tested 34 different Sony cameras in the past 7 years and the zve E10 Mark I excites me more than most of those cameras that I have tried out for many reasons that we'll talk about if you're an owner of the original zve E10 get ready because this will feel like a massive upgrade there are just so many things we need to talk about about this camera so let's get right into it starting off with the price point this camera comes in at $999 usd4 body only and for under $11,000 you're getting so much with this camera you can actually pre-order today by clicking the link down in the description of this video so be sure to check that out if you did want to pick up the zve 10 Mark II with a kit lens it actually is being launched with a brand new kit lens that nobody was expecting this is the 16 to 50 mm version 2 we'll talk about this lens a lot more in- depth at the end of the video so be sure to stick around for that now let's talk about image quality the sensor in this camera is the same 26 megapixel sensor from the Sony a6700 and the fx30 so as you probably know this is is an amazing sensor those are both outstanding cameras and this camera inherits that wonderful sensor that produces such a rich and beautiful image video footage with this camera looks outstanding and the photos also look really good as well we'll talk about the photography aspects of the zve 10 Mark II a little bit further in this video but for now sticking on video we also get 14 plus stops of dynamic range when you're shooting in slog 3 so this will just preserve a ton of data in those trickier lighting situations when you're vlogging or even in a studio environment like this if you're someone who needs a lot of dynamic range out of your scenes this camera will actually do a really good job with this camera you also get some great resolution and codeg options you get 4K resolution at 24 30 and 60 frames per second when you shoot at 60 frames per second you do have a really small crop maybe about a 10% crop or so that little crop is almost hardly noticeable and the 4K footage looks outstanding in all of the different available frame rates you also get 1080p up to 120 frames per second and something I noticed with this camera is that you only get the 120 frames in 1080P at 8 bit color so you're not going to get the 10 bit color science out of this camera when you shoot at 20 frames per second in 1080P so that's just something that you want to be aware of so in short you basically have any resolution or codec that you would really need to make stunning video content we do have a few body and design improvements over the zve 10 Mark I first there's a larger and more ergonomically pleasing grip this is amazing this also gave room to add in the larger npf Z100 100 battery that most of the newer Sony Alpha cameras have this also features the new three capsule microphone that we saw in the fullframe zv1 which has uh four different microphone modes basically you can select your camera's microphone to record audio coming from the front of the camera the rear of the camera in all directions around the camera so kind of like omnidirectional as well as an autod detect feature so this is kind of a cool microphone situation that you got going on overall I've never been the biggest fan of these internal microphones and usually recommend putting an external microphone on top of your hot shoe but we'll play a quick internal sample so you can see what that internal mic sounds like this is a quick audio test with the Sony zv1 Mark I's internal microphone I have the mic Direction set to front so it's only picking up audio coming from the front of the camera let me know how it sounds this camera also has some great touchscreen functionality it's a very similar touchscreen system as the zv1 has you can swipe in several different directions when you're just in the shooting menu screen to Ral some quick menu items as well as the function menu so practically this makes it so you don't even have to use any physical buttons to adjust camera settings you can almost do everything from just this touchscreen menu I think this is really cool there's also a really cool feature that I just absolutely love you can now rotate your camera to reveal the vertical info display this is the first Sony camera to feature this type of vertical info display I absolutely adore this vertical menu display I actually want to spend so much time talking about it that I'm going to make a second dedicated video about vertical shooting with this camera so make sure you subscribe so you don't miss that when it drops a couple of other body improvements they made over the zve E10 Mark 1 is with a mark 2 they changed the photo video and snq selector to a switch rather than just a simple button press that they had on the Mark 1 they also move this single SD card slot to the side of the camera instead of underneath where the battery door is so this is a big win you no longer have to open the battery door in order to get to your SD card they also move the onoff switch by the shutter release instead of on top of the camera so if you're coming from a zv1 Mark 1 The Mark I will feel very familiar but just have a couple subtle design improvements that you will actually really enjoy when it comes to autofocus this camera has just amazing autofocus it has the same autofocusing system as the Sony a6700 did this is top-of-the-line AF for both photo and video creators so you will not ever be disappointed with the focusing of this camera if anything sometimes it's actually a little bit too fast and you can go in and dial in your AF transition ition speed and your subject shift sensitivity to make your autofocusing a little less Snappy if you prefer to have a little bit of a smoother Focus pull and if you prefer the world's fastest snappiest autofocus this camera does not disappoint now let's talk about live streaming you do have the ability to live stream via the USB C port on this camera you can stream up to 4K 30fps at the time of recording this video I doubt they plan to add 4K 60fps via this USBC streaming feature in a later for more update simply because the camera would just overheat we'll get into some of those tests in just a minute you do get 60fps streaming when you bump down to 1080p resolution though so if you do need the 60 FPS 1080p is an option for you some other features that I think are worth mentioning are first the battery and overheating performance so practically I experienced really great battery life when powering the camera on and off and just using it in like a real world scenario where you would take a few photos and take a few video clips and then turn the camera off and then wait a few minutes and then you'd see something else you want to record or take photos of and then you would turn it back on and record so doing just kind of normal shooting Behavior one mpf Z 100 battery lasted me all day I didn't have to change batteries when I was out vlogging or just shooting content with my wife and my kids so overall I think the battery performance is actually really solid and very much improved over the Mark 1 but now taking it in a more Studio environment testing it with long forward record times this is where the results were a little bit more interesting I tested this in my studio environment which is typically around 7 2° I first ran a test in 4k shooting in the xavc SII codec at 24 frames per second and then around the 1 hour and 22 minute Mark I saw an overheat warning indicator flash on the screen and then just 4 minutes later 1 hour 26 minutes and around 32 seconds the camera then shut off because the battery was exhausted so the camera died right around an hour and a half to an hour 25 minutes so that's pretty good runtime for how small this camera is but I did want to see if I added power delivery to the USBC Port if I could extend that runtime if I wanted to do maybe a 2hour long form podcast episode at around the 50 minute Mark 50 minutes and 20 seconds I saw the overheat warning indicator come on and then at 1 hour and 20 minutes it overheated it said the internal temp was too high so I had plenty of record time left on my SD card and plenty of battery life left because the camera was charging via the USBC Port but I think that USBC Port is generating more and more heat and so the internal temperature just couldn't handle both both the camera recording and the USBC power delivery and it made the camera overheat I then tried a 4K xavc SI 60 frames per second test so I knew this would not be as impressive and it certainly was not at 16 minutes we got the overheat warning indicator and then at 17 minutes and 40 seconds it overheated it said the internal temp was too high and needed to allow it to cool what these results tell me is that this camera is not the greatest long form podcasting or streaming camera it does make sense because this is targeted towards the vlogger YouTube crowd so if you're somebody who wants to do multiple hours of streaming or podcasting this is not going to be the right fit for you you're going to have a hard time getting past that 90 minute Mark for battery life for image stabilization this features an electronic image stabilizer so you get no internal Ibis so there's no sort of like five AIS inbody sort of gimbal like stabilization happening in this camera it's just with electronics and software but honestly the software does a really good job at stabilizing this image and you will get nearly gimbal like results when you shoot in active steady shot mode we also still have a dedicated button for background defocus so with one click of a button this forces your camera to shoot at its minimum aperture value on the lens so this helps isolate yourself from the background I think that's a really cool feature and we also still have the product showcase mode that you can enable with one click of a button as well this tells the camera I'm going to put an object in front of you and I want you to focus on it when I do put it in front of you and it really works nearly every time it's really amazing if you're someone who does do product reviews this is a great option for you now shifting gears a little bit into the photography aspects of this camera honestly I had a really great time taking photos with this camera I love the lightweight body and design for street photography in particular it's really easy to carry around all day and capture high quality images all of the images you're seeing on screen were taken with their new 16 to 50 mm version 2 kit lens and the results are really solid this camera isn't yet compatible with Lightroom software so I shot in raw plus JPEG and then edited these jpegs a little bit just to add my own creative flavor to them one of the things that I noticed when taking photos even more than I did when taking video was just how hard it was to see the LCD screen when it was in direct sunlight I even changed the LCD display brightness to both the sunny weather setting and then the custom brightness setting as well and turn the brightness all the way up and it just never was bright enough for my liking it is definitely usable for walk around photography but if you're someone who does professional outdoor photo workk who shoots and direct sunlight you're definitely going to have some issues seeing the screen here I think where I personally would use this camera most for photos is shooting indoors doing Studio work shooting YouTube thumbnails and just capturing photos of even my workstation right here so things that are indoors if I need a lot of outdoor photos I would look at something with a viewfinder option like the Sony a6700 I do want to talk about this brand new kit lens that they're releasing before we go this is the new 16 of50 f3.5 to 5.6 version 2 now the price of this lens on its own would be $299 but again when you purchase this set as a kit the lens only cost $100 and I think for me this is a no-brainer this lens is actually replacing the 16 to 50 mm version one which was released way back in January of 2013 so this is more than 11 years ago that lens was definitely due for an upgrade and now we have it in the 16 to 50 version 2 build quality on this lens to me is just fine it definitely feels cheaply made but I don't mind the appearance and the way that the lens looks and then of course the image quality is really good honestly I was surprised enough to the point where I decided to shoot all of the content for this review on this lens so anything you saw that was shot with the zve E10 either footage or photos it was taken with the 1650 version 2 this is a fun lightweight little lens and I'd honestly encourage you to pick it up if you are going to purchase the zve 10 Mark II all right some final thoughts here it really is hard to determine what is the perfect camera for YouTube it really just depends on what kind of content you create on YouTube and then selecting the right tool for the right job when it comes to selecting a camera for YouTube you need ease of use it needs to be multifaceted you need good resolutions you need slow motion capabilities you need to be able to take Stills for thumbnails you need a lot out of your YouTube camera and this camera does all of those things I've just mentioned and much more and does it very very well I think the two main things that may hold someone back from purchasing this camera would be the fact that it does not have a viewfinder and you love having a viewfinder for your camera or the inability for this camera to record past an hour and 20 minutes or an hour and a half in the highest 4K resolution codec if those couple things don't matter to you then the zv1 gets our highest recommendation for both beginner and advanced YouTube and content creators in 2024 this is going to be an amazing camera for many many years thanks so much for watching and be sure to subscribe if you haven't already you can click or tap the screen right here to check out another video on this channel and we'll see you in the next one

  Top Comments:
  1. @ThinkMediaTV [9 likes]: What is your favorite feature of the Sony ZV-E10 Mark II? Let us know below! ⬇
⭐ Check out our FREE CLASS on 3 Secrets for Growing Your YouTube Channel in 2024 here!: http://ThinkMasterclass.com
  2. @TheBalancedBelievers [2 likes]: I use a dummy battery on the Mark I, and it allows me to record for long periods without any issues. There's also a setting called "Auto Power Off Temp," and when set to "High," the camera can keep recording even if it starts to overheat — it lasts much longer this way. I've been enjoying creating long podcast episodes with this setup and haven’t had any problems, so I would be surprised if the Mark II wasn’t similar to the Mark I in this regard to use it for long form podcasting.
  3. @babyboy1971 [1 likes]: For walking videos and walking tours in decent light and also at dusk, with occasional photos, would this be a good option? At 8:17, is that the kit lens? The kit lens really looks decent!

I already have a Nikon Z6III for my professional work, and a pocket 3 for vlogging, but I’m looking for a YouTube camera that can also function as a travel camera and to record my family like a camcorder, I had the ZV1 back when it came out, loved it but the pocket 3 kind of replaced it. The ZV1 Mark II looks tempting but this looks more capable and almost as small with the kit lens. What do you think between this and the ZV1 M2 for my use case? Vlogs, simple YouTube, walking around videos and some photos?
  4. @Treborray [1 likes]: thanks so much for this. I bought the ZV-1F just for talking head which gets the job done. its my very first camera. I figured my next camera which will be soon would be this one !
  5. @boigoe: Can it record at 1080p for tiktok at 10bit
  6. @juanlash: what's a good pocasting sony cameraI ? without needing to spend the same amount as an a6700? I need 2 cameras for 2 different angles and definitely can't spend a lot of money individually
  7. @neelsfer: Maybe video is ok , but this is the most useless photography camera you can buy , having a flash sync of 1/30 ,  no high speed sync and terrible banding issues. Using this  camera outside for images and video, you can barely see anything on the screen, as it is so dark. This is the worst buy of my life , as you expect at least basic entry level photography functions, on a $1000 camera. I am selling this asap.
  8. @BeadnWithNicoleB: I thought I saw a video that said you can record vertical with the original ZV E10.....
  9. @richhewes: Would you recommend this with the kit lens for a basic Podcast setup? I was thinking a 3 Camera setup to shoot a podcast of 2 people (interview style), one camera wide shot and 2 focused on the individuals. Could 3 of these with the kit lens do the trick?
  10. @JaimeAmeca: Great video
  11. @SamiShop-T01: why the pictures colors/ video look  like green color?
  12. @luquest1848: 4k streaming is a massive improvement
  13. @BLiNKBTW: For streaming its so perfect , howcome you didn't mention that you don't need to use usb c to stream long form content? 

If you use via HDMI and a capture card, and a dummy battery to deliver continuous power. As well as most streaming platforms will only do 1080p. Not to mention you can buy a fan especially for this keeping it even cooler. So overheating is never an issue.
  14. @mrdrd633: Impossible to take a modern camera serious that overheats and shuts down when shooting 4k.
  15. @masihyadolahi2345: Thank you for your excellent comparison. I wanted to know if the second generation's body heat is abnormal and excessive or normal and doesn't really matter.
  16. @helmsley777: Hi... Can this camera stream at 4k 60fps through HDMI + Capture card? Does the 4k60 option show up when connected through HDMI? And lastly, when streaming at 4k60fps, would using a dummy battery for power solve the overheating issues?
  17. @MindsetStartHere: Can I shoot a video continuously for one hour in a single file? Is it possible? I am planning to buy the Sony ZV-E10. I am looking for a camera that can record video continuously for 45 minutes to 1 hour
  18. @PalmCitySamurai: Dang so no-go for long form streaming. What would be the best camera for long form streaming content? 

We make video streams that go for 6-7 hours sometimes.
  19. @equalityfragrances1854: Gor more battery life for streaming you need a dummy battery and you can go almost 3 hours without over heating
  20. @LifeonFireforGod: I’m still rocking the Canon M6 Mark II. It is perhaps the most underrated camera in the Canon line.

- The Best Camera Setups for Creators in 2025: Kind: captions Language: en When you start creating content, one of the first big decisions that you're going to have to make is what you record your content on. In front of me, I have the iPhone 16 Pro Max, the Osmo Pocket 3, the Sony A6700 with the Sigma 16mm 1.4 lens, and then finally, the Sony ZV1 with the Sony 16mm 1.8G lens. All of these cameras are applicable to creators. Which one is right for you all depends on what sort of content that you create and what you care about as a creator when it comes to filming. And so in this video, I'm going to talk about my own experiences in using all of these different cameras, talk about some of the pros and cons, and try and help you understand which one of these is right for you, or whether if you already own one of these, is upgrading to something better the right decision. So, first up is the iPhone 16 Pro Max. For the context of this video, I'm just going to talk about this like a phone as a camera. So whether you own an Android, like a Samsung or Google, it doesn't matter. I think the obvious main pro of a phone as a camera is you just have it on you all the time. Pick it up, just record, and it kind of looks okay. You don't really have to fuff around with load of settings. And for some people, that is perfect because the content they create doesn't require them to have like perfect lighting and perfect quality. And the other benefits of of using a phone is you can also download apps like the Blackmagic Camera app to give you a little bit more control if you do want that as well as downloading like an editing app like Cap Cut, which is my highest recommendation for a mobile app when it comes to editing. Very simple, very easy to use, and you obviously can't do that on the other devices. So, I think the iPhone just has so many simple use cases that make it a really good thing to use to start with. However, some of the cons I would say the main one is that phones don't perform that well in low light. You'll find that when you're using phones outside, they look great, but when you're using them inside where there's not as much natural light, they don't look so good. You can kind of combat this by obviously having good lighting, but also using the back camera instead of the front cuz the back camera just looks better. But again, you kind of come with the problem that you can't see the camera or like getting yourself in the right position. then you can mirror it to your laptop to help overcome this. But again, that requires additional setup and that might get in the way of you just picking up the camera and filming. So, when it comes to answering the question of who is the phone as a camera like aimed at, I would say people who are just getting started, people who are struggling with consistency and kind of want to reduce the barriers to filming. I also think it's great for people who are in niches that perhaps quality doesn't matter so much. There's this ongoing debate on how much, you know, video quality matters and audio is way more important. And I do agree audio is important. I don't think it's way more important. I think video still is depending on the niche you're in and the content that you create. If you're a tech creator and having a higher quality video is going to signal more trust, I think it's important. However, if you're a creator that's sort of just talking about life or personal development, then quality doesn't matter. so much. So, if your goal is just simple, quick, convenient, pick up the camera and just shoot, get you started, get you kind of in the rhythm of creating content, using your phone is is more than enough for you to get started with. Next up is the Osmo Pocket 3. This has been a very popular camera over the last year and a half, 2 years. I mean, it came out like a year and a half ago, primarily because it's just so small. I think the main benefits of this device is the gimbal because it just has such good stabilization and just tracking. You can literally just spin around in a room and it just tracks to your face, which none of these other cameras can actually do unless you have a gimbal. It also actually has a better sensor than the iPhone as well, which means the image quality is actually better as well as having a like little flip screen on the front so you can actually see yourself. There are also other benefits including like different attachments that you can buy. I've got one where it's like a magnetic which I think is the most OP feature for me because when I'm out filming and I want to film B-roll, I can just stick this to anything and just film myself. Like I can't really do this with the bigger cameras. I have to have a tripod. You can also get like ND filters and I've also got this little stand as well. There's a whole array of different attachments that I also think add to the value of an Osmo Pocket 3. And so looking at some of the cons of it, I would say it's also not as great in low light. It's better than iPhone, but it's still not fantastic in low light. It looks great outside. And some people will say, "Yeah, I can get it looking as good as as my APS-C or my fullframe, but when you take it inside, and when you don't get the natural light," the quality of the video does start to degrade. Another thing is the battery life isn't particularly great. I found that mine lasts between an hour and a half and and two hours. You can get a little extendable battery, but when you compare it to the phone battery, you know, it doesn't it doesn't compare whatsoever. And then that kind of brings us on to the other con is that there's no real upgrade here. It kind of is what it is. There's no like variable zoom. You don't get any lenses. You know, that might not be that important to you. But I do think this is fantastic. And I think when it comes to who I think this is right for, I would say people who generally are filming a lot of content on the go in different locations in different places. Similar content maybe to the iPhone. You just maybe want something that just has a little bit better video quality and also just has that like really nice tracking feature so you can film on the go. Because when I was um filming like vlogs out and about and I was originally using my iPhone before I had a camera, I just found it kind of annoying like using my phone like that, it's kind of very obvious. And and another thing I actually didn't highlight about this, the Osmo is really discreet in public. If you're kind of like me and a lot of creators where you're not used to filming in public and you don't really like holding up a camera and people looking at you, you can do this so discreetly with the Osmo. You can just hold it by your side uh to get like B-roll shots, you know, on the train and you don't want people looking at you. You can adjust the gimbal so that like it looks to the left and looks to the right where you're like discreetly holding it and nobody's looking at you. Or what I found as well is that like I'll be holding my iPhone pretending like I'm on the phone but also holding my uh Osmo next to it like and just filming like that and it just makes me feel a lot more comfortable filming out in public and and for for some people that's such a big thing and I think it's such a valuable kind of pro in that it's just really discreet. And so before I move on to the second half of the video I just want to talk about a few things and one of those things is lighting. I mentioned briefly how these two cameras don't perform too well in low light. Um, and I just cannot stress enough how important lighting is. Lighting will transform the video of all of these cameras, but it will have a more drastic impact on these ones that don't perform well in low light. So, please, please, please, please, please before you decide to upgrade from the iPhone to the Osmo, Osmo to the APS-C, APS-C to fullframe, please just invest in good lighting and you will be amazed how much of an impact it has on the video that you shoot, no matter what device you film on. And then the second thing I want to talk about is actually the sponsor of this video. This is my first sponsored video on YouTube. I've waited a long time to actually integrate a sponsor into this video. So, don't skip this part. You don't need to because it is actually important because I've specifically chosen a brand to work with that fits in with the video and that is SanDisk. SanDisk makes storage solutions. Storage solutions are not the sexiest thing in the world. Nobody thinks they are. But unfortunately, when you create content, you're going to need storage. It don't matter whether you shoot on an iPhone, an Osmo, or one of these cameras. You need something to store your content on because as you film more content, the storage storage gets bigger. I wish it didn't. And so, Sandis actually sent me out um some storage solutions as part of their new creator kit that come in this sort of really nice blue color. And I'm just going to talk through some of those storage solutions and how they're applicable to each of these devices. So, first up are these two USBC flash drives. One is aimed at iPhones as actually has a lightning connector and then you flip it around and it's got a USBC connector and then the other one just has a USBC connector which is aimed more at Androids. What is great about these is these allow you to just plug them straight into your phone. And if you're deciding to record in ProRes where the files are massive, you can actually record them directly onto these drives and then you can then easily plug these into your laptop to transfer your files quickly and easily. Next up is the SD card and the micro SD card. I'm actually using these in the devices in front of me. As you'll know, the Osmo Pocket 3 takes a micro SD card, which you just slot inside here. And then I'm also using the SD card in my Sony ZV1 because it's just super vast. I just take that out, plug it into my laptop, and just transfer my files. Uh, also, you know, like I said, comes in that nice blue color. And then when it comes to actually editing on your laptop, I am a big fan of transferring files off of my laptop because I just ran out of storage. So firstly, I'm using the hard drive that Sandia sent me. This is fantastic. Comes in four or eight terabytes. Literally just sits on my desk and every time I edit a video now, the project goes onto this. And then when I'm editing on the go, I recently actually just came back from Spain, as you can see, got a glowing tan. I was using this, the SSD, which is super fast. I basically transferred uh a number of different projects that I had to edit whilst I was away that I just needed to get finished. Transferred them onto this. Was editing straight from this with no problems in Premiere Pro. And I just kind of just love the size of this. It's just so small. Again, love the color. Super easy to use, super fast. Would highly recommend it as well. And if you click the link in the description below, it will take you through to the creator series landing page where you can find out more information about the different products. Take a look at the specs in a bit more detail. And you can also get different discounts when you combine different products together to save a little bit of money when you inevitably are going to need to buy more than one of these storage solutions. And so, right, moving on to the bigger boys. Firstly, we have the Sony a6700 with Sigma 16 mm 1.4 lens. I've been using this camera and lens for a while. I'm actually filming on a Sony A6400 as well cuz I actually have not got any other camera to film on, which I've been using for a while. And so the main pros of of an APS-C camera like this compared to I guess these cuz a lot of people are probably asking themselves, do they need a camera like this? I think the pros of a camera like this is just you'll notice the image quality or the video quality is just a lot better. As I said, performs a lot better in low light. You've just got that clarity. It's like I would describe when you go from 1080 to 4K, you don't really notice the difference too much. And then when you go back from 4K to 1080, you're like, "Whoa, oh my god, I can't believe I ever use 1080." That's how I would usually describe the jump from from these to like an APS-C or a full-frame. The other great thing about cameras like this is they just have interchangeable lenses which you can't get on these cameras. And they also have like fantastic autofocus as well. And the thing that the lenses also offer is you get that sort of like blurry bokeh background that people kind of love. I I love it as well. Um not so much on this lens I'm using now. I'm using a Sigma 24- 50 2.8. But this lens is fantastic. When it comes to like what APS-C camera to start with, the A6700 is around uh £1,200. I would say if that's a bit too expensive, you could look at getting the Sony a6400. You could also look at getting the Sony ZV10 Mark1, which is a great sort of video vlogging camera, or the Sony ZV10 M I. Sony A6400, the Sony ZV10 Mark1 both shoot 4K. The downsides is that they just have slightly older technology when it comes to the autofocus and the menu. Screen is not one of the new ones. Um, but overall the quality is is still pretty much the same. Where I was to use this A6400 alongside this A6700 with the same lens and the same lighting, you wouldn't really be able to tell like a huge amount of difference with content on social media. When it comes to the cons of a camera like this, uh I would say it's obviously price and then the lens. This lens costs about 3400 plus, you know, you're going to need uh SD card. I've got a frame here. You might need some ND filters, other accessories. You know, you add all that up, it does start to get a little bit expensive. There's also obviously now a big learning curve. You've gone from easy to use, slightly harder to use with some more settings. this compared to these. There's a hell of a lot more settings. You can kind of learn these through just watching some YouTube videos. There's plenty of YouTube videos on how to set up cameras like this and just get a little bit of understanding of which modes to use for uh when you're filming in in different locations. But again, just takes a little bit of time to understand how to properly use the camera and get the best out of it. And so when it comes to again answering the question of who do I think this sort of camera is for, I would say if you're someone that shoots a lot of content inside uh and you do talking head and you shoot in low light, I think this is a a reasonable camera or upgrade to to get because what I do is I have mine just on like a desk tripod. It just sits there. I have a dummy battery in it and I just switch it on and record. I don't move this camera around everywhere because I don't need to. I film a lot of my content just at the desk. And then I have secondary cameras for filming away from my desk. I would also say this camera is aimed at people that just want better quality. There's there's nothing wrong with that. You know, we went through that sort of kind of debate at the start of like, oh well, does it actually matter? you know, when it comes to views and and the video is performing better, maybe not. But does it matter to you? Perhaps. You might have already been using uh phone camera for a while, then got an Osmo, and now you're just ready to upgrade because you just want better quality. And there's there's nothing wrong with that. Whether that's overkill, whether you need it, different question. Do I need a Sony ZV1? Probably not. But I've just gone through this sort of slow transition of being like, you know what, I want to just spend a little bit of cash on a little bit better camera. And then finally, moving on to the Sony ZV1. I have actually recently bought this camera. And so I'm going to talk about why I've just gone from an APS-C, which I've been using for 4 years now, the A6400 and the A6700 uh for a couple of years. And so the reason why I decided to upgrade to the ZV1 is mainly because of the lens. And what you'll find is you don't choose to go full-frame because you want a full-frame camera because it has lots more features because the difference in features between APS-C cameras and fullframe cameras is actually not that uh great. This was a misconception that I had. I thought when you go to a full-frame camera like they just have tons more features, but actually you'll find that the Sony a6700 and the Sony ZV10 Mark II actually have quite a lot of the same features as the full-frame cameras until you start going up to the really sort of high-end professional ones that cost four five grand and they're not really aimed at creators. So, when I'm speaking like for creators, um the reason why you upgrade to fullframe is because you get access to a a wider variety of of lenses. You obviously get a larger sensor, which means that you can just get a a wider shot. And that's primarily why I bought this camera because I wanted this uh Sony 16mm 1.8G lens. This is wide. Oh my god. I'm just going to show you an example now of the difference between the a6700 with the 16 mm verse the Sony 16 mm and you'll just see how much of a difference there is here just because it's on a full-frame camera and it's just got a wider sensor. This also means that it is just elite in low light compared to the cameras on this side. And for me who shoots a lot of content in low light, that's really important to me. This ZV1 does also have the same sensor as the famous FX3, which everyone buys. And the only real main differences are is that the FX3 has a built-in fan. It has dual um SD card slots. It has a different body um and a few other features. And so, actually, I think the ZV1 is such a fantastic camera for someone that wants to upgrade to an entry-level fullframe. This will pretty much meet all your needs. But do I think this camera is overkill for uh social media? Did I need this camera for short form content? I would say no. I would say short form content is um the type of content that I think you need quality less verse YouTube. I think YouTube is more important. You can upload in uh 4K. Uh people sometimes are obviously watching on uh monitors, their desktop rather on their phone. I just think that content in horizontal format blown up like you can just do a lot more with video and I think that's where you get more value for money. But yeah, it does come at a cost. The lenses are more expensive on full frames. And so I would only go to a fullframe once you've gone through I guess the same transition that I've gone through like from phone to Osmo/APS-C. you're kind of using a Sigma lens here and maybe a zoom one that I've got there. And then when you want to start unlocking the more expensive Sony lenses that are just better, that's when you want to go for a fullframe. But yeah, I hope that was helpful. I hope I've answered some of the questions maybe you had in your head. I hope I've given you a bit more clarity on whether you think it's the right time to upgrade to one of these cameras or get one of these. If you've got any more questions, drop them in the comments. I'll try and answer them. But other than that, hope this video was valuable. Hope you enjoyed it.

  Top Comments:
  1. @BenKaluza [18 likes]: This video goes more into the practical use cases of the different types of cameras rather than getting too technical. 

The video isn’t aimed at people who already know lots about cameras and more tailored towards creators that just want to understand how to achieve higher quality video without having to faff about too much.

I did also miss some points that on reflection I would have liked to of included, but I freestyled the video so was inevitable this would happen.
  2. @Anime01999: Which lens do you use with Sony a6400 with gimble for indoor and outdoor videos
  3. @jaredcook9519: The only thing I am watching is how he got the iPhone to standup and didn’t knock it over the whole video lol.
  4. @QuantitativeG: First 4 minutes were sooooo beneficial im smiling ear to ear because you explained me perfectly
  5. @IlonggaCha: What’s the best camera for macro shots for beauty products???
  6. @TheMachinistic: Sony ZV-E1 + Sony 16mm 1.8G best combo for automotive vlogging content ?
  7. @ronalynferrer8410: what camera do you use for this video?
  8. @Nick-mt2yu: Thinking of getting Sony A600, can I live stream through it too without recording
  9. @BearCreekMetal: Great video dude
  10. @bLake0403: Would you recommend iPhone 17 for making TikTok and instagram content?
  11. @OliwierNovanè: What about camera for DJ-ing shots/Sets in the club or in studio environment its very important for me to use wide angles so you could capture everything on the video in tight spaces ?
  12. @polinapospielova: You basically pointed me to exactly the camera I’ve been looking for for my teacher. He records a lot of hour-long lectures indoors, without bright lighting, and he needs to improve the visual quality. So the Sony a6700 is the perfect choice 🤩
  13. @polinapospielova: Thank you for recording this video. I was really happy for you to see that you got a paid advertisement:face-blue-smiling:. You’re honest and sincere — it really comes through. And you have a pleasant voice and accent. Wonderful work!:face-red-heart-shape:
  14. @Gilpc1: thank you champ
  15. @sicknfast: which camera are you shooting on this ideal video?
  16. @katyensch: Just wanna say I've just sat down to watch a bunch of these recco type vids & this has been the most down to earth, actually relatable & helpful so far, thanks!
  17. @miselobias1139: thank you! you are able to explain things really well
  18. @dynasty4851: Nope! I did what any irresponsible nerd would do. I went from my phone to a straight full frame camera $2k in total. Buy once cry once.
  19. @249peace: I want to create content in the field of social entrepreneurship and humanitarian work and reflect to the world the suffering of those affected by wars in Africa. Can you support me with some equipment and resources?
  20. @elgatomontes1989: I own the pocket 3 and i hate it... the gimble is great! but there should be a secluded ZOOM in and ZOOM out buttom which there is but only if you have it on the right setting. which you have to take out every time. you can zoom in and out and go up and down on the gimble at the same time. the video Quality is FANTASTIC I FREAKING LOVE IT. but the zoom and gimble mess is exactly that A MESS. I dont recommend it if you are going to be showing items with it. but if its for your body/face only then its wonderful.

- I Tested Every Vlogging Camera in 2025 - These Are The Best Ones: Kind: captions Language: en I tested every vlogging camera and these are the best ones for every type of user from beginners looking for an affordable and simple option to content creator and serious shooters who want the best results. So, make sure you pick the right one for you. Also, I'll leave links down below with the best pricing on all the cameras. Now, the first camera on this list is, in my opinion, the best vlogging and content creation camera ever made because it combines the best features of a compact vlogging camera with the quality of a proper mirrorless camera. And that is the Canon PowersShot V1. It's a very compact body that's still slightly bigger than a compact camera, but it has a nice heft in your hands. It has a 22 megapixel 1.4 inch type sensor, which is bigger than your usual compact camera sensor or cell phone and delivers fantastic videos and crisp photos. And honestly, it looks just as good as a beginner mirrorless camera. It has a built-in 16 to 50 mm lens that gives you gorgeous wide shots that are perfect for vlogging and about as wide as the widest lens on your cell phone. So, it's perfect for fashion, wide shots, and city shots. But it still gives you a nice close-up shot at a 50 millimeters for portraits, detail shots, and just shooting things far away. And the stabilization in this camera is also very, very good. Having a wide 16 mm lens already reduces the look of camera shake. But the stabilization in this camera allows you to do complicated walking shots with very little shake. And it also has the classic Canon colors where everything looks very vibrant and pops right in camera, especially for how skin tones look. Plus, it also has multiple stylized color looks to give your footage a little bit of extra sauce. And if you really want to go deep with your color grading, it also has clog 3 for advanced color grading. In terms of video, it shoots 4K at 24 and 30 frames per second, which is perfect for vlogging, but it also has 4K at 60 frames per second for two times slow motion. However, it does come with a pretty heavy crop. But you can shoot up to 120 frames per second in full HD with no crop. And design is absolutely my favorite thing in this camera. It has a compact yet hefty body and it feels really good in the hands. And it also has an air vent on the left side of this camera that pretty much eliminates all overheating issues. The bun layout and menus are super simple. Even if you're a beginner, you can easily pick up this camera and figure it out. Plus, the mode dial also has three custom profiles, so you can set this camera up exactly how you like, but it also has plenty of automatic modes if you don't really know your cameras yet. And the built-in microphone is also really solid for in camera audio. Personally, this is the camera that I've been waiting for Canon to make. And honestly, this is one of the best content creation and vlogging cameras you can pick up right now. But some of you guys might want something even smaller, something that's a little bit more purse friendly. In that case, you should check out the Sony ZV1 Mark II, one of the best compact vlogging cameras out there. It delivers all the specs and features you could possibly want, but in a much smaller body. It has a 20 megap 1 in sensor, which is smaller than the PowersShot V1, but the image quality is still terrific. And it also has a built-in 20 millimeters to 50 millimeter lens, so you get a nice wide shot for vlogging, but also a little bit of zoom for shooting things far away. And the lens also has optical stabilization for smooth handheld videos and vlogs. In terms of video, it can shoot 4K at 24 and 30 frames per second and full HD up to 120 frames per second for some juicy slow motion. But the best feature in this camera is cinematic vlog mode that adds black bars to the top and bottom of your image for a cinematic aspect ratio. And it also lets you add a cinematic color style to your clips to enhance the colors even further. And if you're someone that doesn't really know anything about color grading for complex cinematic film making, this is a great mode to start with. And the design of this camera is made from the ground up specifically for content creators with two separate record modes for photo and video capture, a simple toggle to switch between photo, video, and slow motion, plus a built-in three capsule microphone for very solid in camera audio. And you can also get a vlogging handle that acts like a Bluetooth remote for controlling the camera from far away. It also has an ND filter for cutting out light when shooting in bright outdoor conditions and a button to actually enhance the background blur of your video with one click. The ZV1 Mark II is one of the smallest vlogging setups you can get and it delivers absolutely stellar video quality. Now, the next camera on this list might seem like a toy or a gimmick, but it's actually one of my favorite cameras and that is the DJI Pocket Osmo 3. What makes this camera special is a small fixed lens camera that also has a built-in threeaxis gimbal that delivers 100% smooth vlogging footage and movement shots. Plus, the gimbal also allows you to track yourself as you move around and talk to the camera, giving you more variety in your shots, so it doesn't just have to be a static tripod shot or you holding the camera. It's basically a free camera, man. Plus, the creator kit also comes with a wireless microphone that delivers stellar audio and connects directly to the DJI Pocket Osmo 3. and it's actually the same mic I'm using right now. So, if you like this audio, you'll probably like this camera. Inside this camera, there's a 9 megap 1 in sensor, which delivers video quality that is as good as the newest iPhone or a compact vlogging camera. It does, however, have a fixed 20 mm lens, which is perfect for vlogging, but it can't do much else. However, you can add a simple magnetic filter to get an even wider shot or a tighter shot, and even add ND filters or an anamorphic filter. And the camera can also natively shoot either horizontal or vertical video without having to rotate the camera. In 30 frames per second, which is pretty typical, but it also shoots 4K at 60 frames per second with no crop and full HD in a dedicated slow motion mode up to 240 frames per second. And if you're someone that wants to create cinematic results with this camera, you also have DJI's DLOG M and it's also a 10- bit color profile which gives you a lot of room to play with. Now, the DJI Pocket Osmo 3 is not an ideal photo camera because it's only 9 megapixels. However, the gimbal does allow you to shoot gorgeous highresolution panoramas by simply stitching a few photos together. And you can also connect directly to your phone using the DJI Pocket Osmo 3 and actually use your phone like a second viewing screen, but also a wireless remote control to change all of your settings, including the gimbal movements. It's basically a wireless remote. Now, normally I hate gimmick cameras, but the DJI Pocket Osmo 3 is shockingly good and is perfect for anyone looking to step up their vlogging game and especially for someone that wants someone to film them, but just doesn't have a cameraman. Because vlogging doesn't just have to be you holding the camera and talking to it. That's very 2008. In fact, vlogging has become an entire style of film making with cinematic montages, epic slow motion, and so much more. And if you're someone that wants to make artistic vlogs, the camera you should look at is the Sony ZV102 because the ZV102 is actually a proper mirrorless camera with interchangeable lenses. It has a 24 megapixel APS-C size sensor, which is the largest sensor on this list. It's also the same sensor from a proper cinema camera, the Sony FX30. It does come with a solid kit lens, a 16 to 55 millimeter lens that also has optical stabilization. But with Sony, you have so many lens options. So, even if you don't like this kit lens, you have so many lenses to choose from. And the autofocus in the ZV102 is 10 out of 10. It is rock solid and it will never let you down. The one thing I do hear people complain about with the ZV102 is that it only has digital stabilization. Personally, I think because this camera is light enough, you don't really need stabilization, but you can judge for yourself based on the B-roll. In terms of video, it shoots 4K at 24 and 30 frames per second. And you also have 4K at 60 frames per second for two times slow motion with a very tiny 10% crop that you will not notice. And the video is also downsampled from 6K, which is a nerdy way of saying that you get the same quality as 6K, but in a much easier 4K file. And of course, this camera also has full HD up to 120 frames per second for five times slow motion. Plus, it also has SLOG 3 and cinema profiles in 10 bit color for some juicy cinematic color grading. And this is a legitimate cinematic or concentration camera because it does have the same sensor as the Sony FX30, which is a proper cinema camera. I absolutely love the sensor in this body. But if you're new to film making or just don't want to deal with the hassle of color grading, it also has cinematic vlog mode just like the Sony ZV12. And with cinematic vlog mode, you get the cinematic aspect ratio and stylized colors to all your clips. In terms of design, it's again very similar to the Sony ZV12. a single toggle to switch between photo, video, and slow motion, two capture buttons, and a built-in three capsule microphone. But most importantly, it also has a large profile battery for all day shooting. When it comes to both photos and video, you will not need a spare, but I do recommend it. If you want a proper vlogging or content creation camera with the power of a proper mirrorless camera, this is absolutely the camera I recommend, and it also comes at a really great price. And if you want to check out the prices on the Sony ZV102 or any of the other cameras we've talked about, check out the links down below. And I'll see you guys in the next video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @douglascvaz [19 likes]: Hey fellow Canadian. You know what I think would make your video better. Leave the camera name in the screen.  I watched the m50 versus m100 and I got lost trying to remember which camera you were talking about it.
By the way... nice videos!!!! I just stated following!!!
  2. @worldview2134 [19 likes]: i dont want to know the best i want to know budget friendly
  3. @ReadWithCharlotteB [17 likes]: Love this vid i needed a vid that showed all vlogging camera options
  4. @thesoulsnurse [10 likes]: What camera are you using yourself to record this video in your studio? It’s really good!
  5. @peseni4600 [9 likes]: Can you suggest between small cameras for vlogging which is better? Like dji osmo nano, insta360 go and ultra series? I’d like to know. Or should someone opt for overall good camera like Sony ev-10 or a small nano camera would be enough for vlogging and some personal content? 🙏🏻 sorry guys for this long questionnaire 😅
  6. @RashmiRasha-b4i [5 likes]: This channel deserves more subs.
  7. @JohnvanGurp [3 likes]: I’m still convinced that my Insta360 GO3S is the best vlogging camera you can get… it’s so incredibly convenient. I have it in my front pocket all day every day and I’m constantly recording content with all kinds of amazing angles. It’s so unobtrusive and the various mounts are so easy to attach. The Easy Clip is an incredible little thing to have on your hat at all times. I have various other cameras and I’ve never come close to recording the same amount and variety of content with anything else as I have with the GO3S. The only weakness is it’s low like performance and for that I have an iPhone.
  8. @WhereNerdyisCool [2 likes]: Be great to give prices
  9. @catalin.bordea [1 likes]: I saw another reviews, and they said powershot v1 is very bad.. for example exposure.. that s true? I don t know what camera should i buy :( .. i just want to shot walking and nature footage, day and night also with crisp and clear image. If you guys have some advice ... in this video that powershot v1 looks good, on other reviews like hell .. i m dizzy
  10. @AlexandruPopa-s9s: nice camers for vlog
  11. @hiddenwings91: I bought the wrong camera, it was too heavy. I need something high powered but also light. What was I thinking?! I travel too much to not need a lighter camera.

I'm excited😂🎉
  12. @jerryclum7782: How much time do vlogging cameras have?  Battery life?
  13. @GraceAnderson-r1n: nice vlog!!!  cool
  14. @Eclipses915: I’ve been looking into doing VLOGs videos after gaming things are good I’m a twitch affiliate since 2021
  15. @Idrkmayne: Correction : the Sony zv 1ii is actually 18-50 lens


Other than that super super amazing video
  16. @Fraend: Hi, doese the Canon powershot V1 have the jack for external mic?
  17. @guiltlesswigs: I'm loving your videos! My 12 year old wants to be a horror movie maker. I really love the osmo cameras for their size and portability. Do you think any would work for cinematic effect? I want a fun easy camera so he uses it a lot. He edits roblox movies on capcut and it's quite impressive. I appreciate your input.
  18. @SelinaWalsh-t9f: The pacing is perfect.
  19. @ReadWithCharlotteB: I got a canon g7x mark 2
  20. @diegonunez4085: do the sony zv cameras have like video shutter becuase I remember seeing vlogs with them and it seems a little shaky?

- Watch this BEFORE you buy a Camera!: Kind: captions Language: en In the last 15 years, I've used and tested over hundreds of cameras, and I've compiled down a list of the 10 most important things to look out for when shopping for one, so your hard-earned dollars will not go wasted on something that does not fit your needs. The Von's guide to buying cameras, and I'll also be including some of my personal recommendations at the end of the video. Sensor size. So, the first thing I would look out for is the size of the camera sensor, and it's usually the first thing listed on the website description. For example, the Sony ZV10 on b&H.com. Right under key features, 24.2 megapixel APS-C sensor. The Canon PowersShot G7X 20.2 megapixel 1 in stack CMOS sensor. Now, sensor sizes matter because it's what's going to really help us level up from the photos that we can take from our phones. And since most phones use a sensor size smaller than 1 in, obviously, we're going to want something larger than 1 in. But without boring you too much with the differences between all these different sensor sizes, I recommend cameras with at least an APS-C sensor. At this point here, we're definitely going to get better image quality over our phones, better lowlight performance, and that signature pro look, that beautiful background blur, aka authentic portrait mode. But the reason why I highly recommend APS-C cameras to beginners is because one, they tend to be lighter and smaller. two, a very affordable ecosystem, especially when it comes to shopping for lenses. And three, they're not just for beginners. APS-C is very much capable to produce pro results that can rival bigger sensors. And Fujifilm and Sony make some of the best mirrorless cameras in the market right now. And I'll have my personal recommendations for you at the end of the video. Mirrorless versus DSLR. Speaking of mirrorless, we need to update your lingo because loads of people are still calling every pro camera they see a DSLR. But actually, mirrorless cameras are not DSLRs. Again, without getting into the whole technical mumbo jumbo of things. In summary, DSLRs are old technology. They have fewer autofocus points. They are slower to focus. There's a lot of guess work involved. Plus, they're chunky and they're clunky. Mirrorless cameras, on the other hand, are new technology. They're sexy. They're way better at autofocusing. They even have human face and eye autofocus, which will make all of our lives so much easier. And any setting changes that we make on the camera, we'll see on our screen as we're making them. We call that realtime preview, which will make learning camera basics so much easier. And that's something that we can't do with DSLRs. And plus, mirrorless cameras are way better for video as well. Now, the only pro that I see with DSLRs is that you can get them for cheap. So, if you're doing strictly photography and want to save a ton of money, DSLRs and lenses made for DSLRs might be worth considering if you're willing to put up with the bigger learning curve. Saving money. Photography versus videography. So, like we were just saying, mirrorless cameras are better for photos and they're better for videos. However, depending on how much and how important video is to you, this is an area where we can actually save some extra money. So, let me break this down into three separate tiers, and this will make a lot of sense to you by the end of the section. Mirrorless cameras that are capable of shooting max 1080p full HD would be the cheapest. And there's nothing wrong with 1080p videos. They are still being widely viewed to this day, especially on social media and on your phone. So, you don't really need 4K. But if you want 4K, cameras that are capable of shooting max 4K 30 frames per second are actually coming down in price. However, cameras that are capable of shooting 4K, 60 frames per second, 120 frames per second, and even beyond that, like 8K, they're expensive, and it's these higher video specs that drive up the prices of modern-day mirrorless cameras. However, if you're doing strictly photos, you can largely ignore these types of cameras. You can get an older mirrorless camera that came out 10 years ago for cheap, like this Sony a6000 right here, and the results will still be just as good as the photos from cameras that came out today. As long as the camera can shoot raw photos, you actually have a lot of powers in your hands to edit them into stunning images. Besides that, I would argue as long as the camera has human face detection autofocus, it's going to be good enough. Phase versus contrast detection autofocus. Now, speaking of autofocus, there's something that we need to look out for in the description. What kind of autofocus system is the camera using? And I would say this is one of my biggest deal breakers. Not to be confused with face autofocus, you want to look out for something called phase detection autofocus. Basically, this is what enables the camera to have that snappy and fast autofocus, especially when you're tracking a moving subject. You want to have this, especially when it comes to video. You want the camera to focus immediately on you or your subject. What you don't want is contraston detection. It's just slow AF in both meanings. It's kind of like us waking up without our morning coffee. We can still function, but just very slowly. Now, most mirrorless cameras up to 10 years back will likely have both, so it's not going to be a huge problem. But there will be one or two models that only have contrast detection autofocus. And that's something that you need to be wary of. Make sure it has phase detection autofocus. You're talking about my face. Inbody image stabilization. My second biggest deal breakaker. A camera that I'm shopping for should always have inbody image stabilization or IBIS for short, not the hotel. It is this mechanism inside the camera that helps compensate for shakes when you're handh holding it to ensure that you get sharp results. And it's usually measured by stops. Five is usually typical. Anything more than that is pretty amazing. Now, with that said, having IBIS is not entirely necessary if you're doing strictly photos. Utilizing a faster shutter speed will ensure you sharp results. It's when you're shooting videos that IBIS becomes a necessity. It is a night and day difference having it versus not having it. And the frustrating thing is there are still modern-day mirrorless cameras that are coming out that does not have built-in image stabilization. However, they will at least have electronic or digital image stabilization, which will compensate for the shakes, but at the cost of heavily cropping into your video to do so. Now, I usually have a 20minute rant about this, but for the sake of keeping this video to the point, digital stabilization is fine. What's not fine is if you're shopping for an older mirrorless camera that does not have both built-in IBIS or electronic image stabilization. So, you're going to want to look out for lenses that have stabilization built into them instead, and that will solve your shaky handheld video problems. But honestly, lenses that have stabilization built into them are becoming few and far between. So, I would look out for camera models that have inbody image stabilization. That way, you can use any lenses without worrying about shaky footage. USBC. I know it sounds stupid, right? But believe it or not, USBC ports on cameras weren't that common until 2021. So, it's important to keep this in mind if you're shopping for a camera that came out before that. Now, obviously, USBC is super important when it comes to charging your camera. And it's nice because it uses the same cable that we would use to charge our phone. So, it's very convenient. If you say so. Honorable mentions. Usually, honorable mention comes before the last point, but I want to share them with you now because it's all part of the camera body. These aren't necessarily deal breakers in my opinion, but just some things to consider. Screens. There are roughly three types of screen: tilt, flip up, and flip out. The most popular is the flip out screen, which is very handy for vlogging, Tik Toking, and shooting vertical videos. Electronic viewfinder, aka the eye cup. Don't spell that out loud. Now, some mirrorless cameras don't have them, but the ones that do have an electronic viewfinder, they're nice, especially when you're using the camera in bright situations. It just helps you see your images better before and after you take them. Weather sealing. Usually it'll say dust or moisture resistant which means you can use the gear in light rain and snow. But usually most people would avoid using their cameras in those types of situation anyway. So it's not a terrible deal if the camera does not have it. Two card slots. The internet loves to make a big fuss when a camera only has one card slot and they're thinking is totally valid if your livelihood depends on it. Now, having two card slot means the photos and videos would get saved to both cards simultaneously. So, in case one of them fails on you, you still have one good card that has all of your files. You can imagine how important that is in a professional environment. High-speed continuous burst shooting. You're going to want to look out for cameras that can shoot 7 to 11 frames per second. If you're planning to capture fastmoving subjects like cars, kids sports, or animals, anything that can do 20 frames per second raw burst will probably cost you a pretty penny. Okay, back to the list. Megapixel. Wow. Okay, I didn't mean for this to be so low on the list, but it needs to be said. More megapixels does not mean the camera is more better. Some smartphones can do 40 to 100 megapixels and the photos can still look like. Again, it all goes back to the size of the sensor. That's where being bigger matters. But uh when it comes to photography, especially sharing online or printing photos, 20 to 26 megapixels is more than enough. When you go to 40 to 60 megapixels on these mirrorless cameras, that's helpful if you plan on doing a lot of cropping into your photos. But aside from that, for beginners, it's actually going to be more of a burden on your hard drive space. Lenses matter. Forgive me, but I need to put a lot of emphasis on this. Skip these lens bundles. Skip these lens bundles. skip these lens bundles. Seriously, I think a lot of people who pick up these camera kits that come with a basic zoom lens ultimately drop photography fast because the results that they were getting aren't drastically different from what they're getting from their phones. And I don't blame them. It's 2025. Lenses nowadays matter a lot more in the smartphone world. And I actually hate to admit this, but there were a few short years where it was actually getting hard to justify to someone to get a camera versus just using their phones because the most affordable quality lenses were still priced at $500. $500. But now there are actually decent quality lenses that are coming out and at under $200 a pop, that's a steal. For example, Viltrox have these Air series prime lenses that have those faster apertures, and those are going to get you those background blur and better lowlight and night photos. And they make them for Fuji, Nikon, and Sony. And one of the lenses that I've been recommending, especially for APS-C cameras, is a 25mm f1.7. An absolute perfect everyday lens for photography. Just make sure you're choosing the right mount for your camera. Buying used versus buying new. So, a lot of beginners and even pros are shopping for used camera gear these days. I mean, we can shop a generation or two behind the current model right now and still get a very good and capable camera system for way less, which sounds great, right? But you got to be careful where you're buying from. Shopping from sites like eBay and Facebook Marketplace, it's going to be hard to tell if there are any undisclosed damages, especially when you don't know what to look out for. I don't know about you, but I can't live with that anxiety in my life. So, it's always best to shop from reputable camera stores, not your general electronic store, but camera stores like B&H or even resale sites like MPB or KDH. Yeah, I realize I'm just saying letters to you. Since they specialize in camera equipment, the resell items they have should be properly inspected, and they also have some sort of money back guaranteed at no extra cost to you if you end up changing your mind. And with the knowledge I just given you in this video, you should be able to shop for a used model more confidently. I'm ready. The Vong's personal Rex. So, I have three different cameras at three different price point, but we'll start with the lens first. So, earlier I mentioned the Votrox 25mm f1.7. Again, it's a great everyday photography lens that will instantly level up from your phone photos. Give you those nice background blur and a better lowlight images. All of that at an incredibly affordable price of $180. But it is available for two of my favorite systems, Fujifilm and Sony. Now, for Fuji, I highly recommend the XM5 along with the Viltrox lens. You're getting an amazing setup at around $1,000. Amazing photos, great colors, 6K videos. Now, sadly, it does not have the inbody image stabilization that I was talking about, but it does have digital image stabilization. For Sony, the ZV10 would be the most affordable option, especially around the holidays. You can nap one for about $500 to $600. It does 4K. It has some of the best-in-class autofocus, but it does not have inbody image stabilization, but the digital image stabilization will do the job. Otherwise, the Sony a6700 has been an ongoing favorite of mine. It is pricier, but damn is it worth it. Obviously, great photos, but it does 4K up to 120 frames per second, and it does have inbody image stabilization. And I'll have links to the individual reviews for each of these cameras if you want to learn more about them. But before you go, let me leave you with some wisdom. Follow your heart. I know it sounds cringy and I know it sounds cheesy, but this is especially true. When you research cameras online, you're going to get a lot of noise. There will be people absolutely trashing the camera that you're thinking about getting. Oh, it doesn't have this. Oh, it doesn't have that. Camera companies are being greedy nowadays. Blah blah blah blah blah. Like we've been saying throughout this entire video, a lot of these cameras are so good already. So, don't let the naysayers sway you into getting a different camera that's supposedly better. If it does not vibe with you, you'll never use it. So, you might as well get the one that you like, and that will inspire you to take more photos. If you guys appreciate this video, just simply stick around and listen to what my sponsor, Squarespace, has to say. Squarespace is an all-in-one platform to create beautiful websites. No coding knowledge needed. It's perfect if you want to showcase your photos, sell print, and run your business online, all in one place. And with Blueprint, Squarespace's new AI powered website builder, getting started has never been easier. Just answer a few quick questions and it instantly builds a custom site with layouts, colors, and even sample content. Plus, built-in SEO tools to help more people discover your site. Use my link down below for a 14-day free trial. And when you're ready to launch, use code Jason Long to get 10% off your first purchase of a website or a domain. Guys, thank you so much for watching, and we will see you guys in the next video. Peace.

  Top Comments:
  1. @JasonVong [37 likes]: 🫡 Cameras I Highly Recommend!
📷 Camera 1 BH https://bhpho.to/3ZWHFJb | Amazon https://geni.us/hQdjWd 
🥛Lens for Camera 1 BH https://bhpho.to/3GnwYbO | Amazon https://geni.us/zAK1yZ
 📷 Camera 2 BH https://bhpho.to/4e2bGLy | Amazon https://geni.us/NIlS 
📷 Camera 3 BH https://geni.us/FULTx | Amazon https://geni.us/EEgKpI8 
🥛Lens for Camera 2 & 3BH https://bhpho.to/3I8pbPS | Amazon https://geni.us/FTcQ0 
📚 ZV-E10 Review: https://youtu.be/TqZwGeENfo4 
📚 a6700 Review: https://youtu.be/Z--EFPp5Yds
  2. @michaelkaasbundgaard7798 [1 likes]: You remind me of my good old friend Finn 😊
  3. @jojo-fz [1 likes]: I wanted to switch from SLR (I had a Revue ML (from eastern Germany 1980-1986)) to DSLM. Can anyone tell me if the Panasonic Lumix G 6 is good?
  4. @Barhoom_official [1 likes]: what do you think of the Nikon Coolpix P1100
  5. @shawnthewonder [1 likes]: What's a decent point and shoot for concerts?
  6. @TheKawiGurl: Every video on buying cameras has always been overwhelming.
Thank you so much for making this super simple and easy to digest! 🙏
  7. @bornfire9777: what about canon r50?
  8. @Benjamin_Blackstar: I have two go-to lenses that are perfect for my Sony A7RIII: GM 50mm 1.2 and 24-70mm GM II. I shoot senior pictures, events, and sports. I also have the 100-400mm GM
  9. @BerfieT: Oh man.. went for SL1😂
  10. @saproy485: Is Sony a6400 still worth in 2026 for photography nd videography, nd. Is it future proof?
  11. @moksha2553: Hey guys i am a beginner. Should i go for a sony zve10?
  12. @yournotdatguypal: Sony a6000 is not cheap at all lol
  13. @udoydas6208: love this vdo
  14. @oyejaikee143: Why are the file sizes of photos taken from the same camera different?
  15. @y2kvhmed: you think i should get a 1100d or a 1200d as a beginner?
  16. @bwill314: Where can I find a guide that tells me how lens mm translates into 5x or 20x zoom?
  17. @joseacevedo2261: Absolutely awesome video, thank you
  18. @ehsanrafeek: I wish i could buy a camera someday and work on my film.
  19. @jayeshi4288: Would love some recs fam! I need it to take event photos for work. Sounds like a no brainer to opt for a point and shoot, but i realise they don't really take decent photos in low lighting. Even though it is for work purpose, i don't get reimbursed for the purchase, so i would not like to spend more than necessary.
  20. @siddhantbhamri6582: This video was exactly the thing I needed as I am considering to get my very first Camera

- Stop Using Video Lights Like This! (5 Common Lighting Mistakes): Kind: captions Language: en - You might be using your lights all wrong and so here are the five most common lighting mistakes. Number one is lighting positioning. A lot of people put their lights at eye level but you really want your camera at eye level and your lighting to be just above the camera. This is gonna help shape your face a bit better and add more dimension to the shot with extra shadows to give you a bit more definition in the face as well. And this isn't the only way to do it. This is just kind of the standard. So definitely experiment and see how this looks for you. But one of the things you can avoid by moving your lights up above the camera is those reflections in glasses. So definitely take this into consideration when you're placing your lights. Now you need to remember that every light has a set color temperature. Some are set to daylight, like this and some are warmer, like this. Now the GVM SD600D can be set to a daylight temperature and it can also be changed to a warmer temperature like this, which is called a bi color light. For most YouTube setups, I recommend setting your light to 5,600 kelvin, and this is gonna replicate daylight. So as you're outside, this is gonna give you that same type of color that the sun will give you in midday. Or if you're buying a light, the chances are it's already gonna be set to 5,600 kelvin, right around there or set to a daylight temperature. Now, the most common mistake that I see people making is that they're not white balancing their camera to their key light. Now the key light is the main light that you're using and you wanna make sure that your camera settings match the color temperature of that light. This is what it can look like when your white balance is off in your camera. And then this is what it can look like with the correct white balance. So don't blame your lights quite yet for making your skin color look all weird. Try setting the custom white balance in your camera first and we have a full tutorial on how to do this in the link in the description. Now you can use the cameras automatic white balance and that's gonna make it really easy for you but you do risk the colors slightly changing throughout your video when you're filming. And that's why I always recommend just setting the white balance manually inside your camera. The third mistake that I commonly see is not using diffusion on your lights and this is just gonna give you a really harsh lighting setup. Soft boxes are such an easy way to add a much more cinematic lighting to your shot. Here you can see what it looks like with no diffusion. And then here is what it looks like with a soft box added in. You can get soft boxes for almost any light, even these LED panels. You can pop these open and stick them on the LED panels. And these really help add a much softer light to these small light sources. But when it comes to using soft boxes, I really do prefer to use a COB or a cob light. These lights were really made to be used with soft boxes and adding this soft box is gonna make your lighting look so much better, but it's also gonna make your light a little bit darker, which is why cob lights are so awesome to use is because they get much brighter, especially for the price that you're paying. Keep in mind that these lights get very bright but they're intended to be used with soft boxes. So you definitely need the space in your room or in your setup to be using a light like this. On these cob lights, they have attachments made for these soft boxes so it's really easy to slide it in and snap in a soft box to that light. And on the SD600D light by GVM, you can use a large soft box and still get tons of light out of this because this light is so bright. If you're someone who is shooting videos outside or you need something that is just extremely bright because maybe you need to place it a bit farther away in a podcast setup or something like that, I think this is a great light for you to get. Now, there are lights similar to this like the Aputure 600D but those are going to be a lot more expensive. So especially if you can catch this on sale like it is right now, you can save a lot of money by going with this light and still have an incredibly bright and high quality light. Now, the fourth common mistake that I see a lot of people doing is using their lights at full brightness, especially when it's not needed. When you're using a bright light at full brightness, you have to darken the image in your camera and this is going to darken kind of the natural setting that you're in. And this makes the lighting look very harsh and kind of spotlighty. Now, one easy tip that you can do is start by turning your main key light off and then adjusting your camera until the setting around you looks good, and the background lights and the lamps that you have until those look good and then you're gonna bring your key light in next and then you can adjust that key light to your shot. Now, mistake number five that I commonly see people doing is using way too many lights. And truly, if you just have one soft box, you can get away with lighting your YouTube setup with just one light. If you click on the screen, I'll show you exactly how to place it and how to set it up to get a cinematic image.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ThinkMediaTV [13 likes]: Question of the Day 💡Do you record videos outside? If so, have you used a light? 
Check Out Our Favorite Outdoor Light, the GVM SD600 - https://gvmled.com/sd600d-exp/?aff=102
  2. @mikescott9824: Why when i set my light onto my face my background get washed with bright light too! What can i do To make only face face lighted not the backgrounds?
  3. @ahmadjadallah5455: awesome video thank you !!!
  4. @PixoteFilms: I loved this video. Thanks.
  5. @PixoteFilms: I love this.
  6. @decodedDEEPDive: Cool stuff. Thanks
  7. @marekmaxpabianice: A common mistake is to trust people like you - easy... not easy. You 'forget' that you need a very expensive camera and a ton of manual settings.
  8. @jamiewinstanley1881: very helpful thanks.
  9. @amiimpact101: Thank you 🙏
  10. @maddawgzzzz: good video tony, im picking this up
  11. @3DRundown: Love my Godox Lanterns.
  12. @PracticingPhotography: The link at the end of the video on how to setup with a single light is missing.
  13. @stefanostefani4273: Thank you for the very interesting video. I have a softbox with a diameter of 60–70 cm, and I’m wondering if it would be better to get one with a 120 cm diameter. If it’s larger, will it improve the lighting for interviews? Or won’t there be much difference compared to the one I already have? Thanks.
  14. @iron8246: Looks an AD
  15. @derekk2708: Great Video.  Thanks for uploading.    ;  )
  16. @johnpaulbelleza7430: How do you get the correct exposure when the key light is turn off?
  17. @livingmyadventure.: I really appreciate this video, thank you!
  18. @christopherbaylor: I wouldn't hesitate to over light a scene. I get it if you don't have ND but that's kind of the point of having a camera with ND filters. For example if you're shooting in a room with a window and you don't want that window blown out you need to over light the subject to balance with the background. We're lighting spaces not faces. This is where the exposure triangle needs a little help and that's why we have ND filters. Otherwise nice little video.
  19. @cryptocajun6070: Yeah, let me just order that $1000 light. Let's scale back the pricing a bit. LOL
  20. @FenceGuyPodcast: Excited to try out the new lighting setup!

- Talking Head Lighting Setup Breakdown | Cinematic Home Studio Lighting Tutorial: Kind: captions Language: en What's up, guys? This is the look from a recent lighting setup uh from a talking head video I recorded here in my home studio in my frog. Uh so, I'm going to just walk you quickly through how I got this look. So, let's start at zero. So, this is the natural exposure without any lighting added. We've just got some natural stuff going on right behind me. Uh natural light coming in from outside uh through the window here in the frog. To give it a little background lift, we're going to start with the Amaran MC Pro. That light's just sitting behind me, right in front of the exit door. Now, to pop in some interesting color, we're going to turn on the Amaran PT2C light tube. And there it is. Just something to give me a little color from the background. And to make this whole thing work, we need a key light. There we go. The light I'm using for my key is the Mus G300, but you absolutely don't need that. I'm only running this at 12% it looks like. So, you could definitely get away with something a light much less powerful, a 200, even a 100 watt. For color temp on my Blackmagic Pixus, I've got that running at 4700. The color temp for the key light, we've got set at 4,800, so roughly about the same. For the light two, right behind me, I've got that set to an HSI value of 290° with a saturation of 90%. And for the color temp of the MC Pro back there on the steps in front of the door, I've got that set to 3200. So, play with those settings and see what you get. So, that's all it takes to get a setup in a look like this. Hope to see you on the next video. Peace.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ksosaFPV: How far was the keylight from your face? and what focal length did you use?
  2. @ApocalypseSoftware: Hey — quick question. Do you use a teleprompter when filming your videos? I’m building a small teleprompter app and looking for creators to test it.

- Cinematic lighting for YouTube (talking head & interviews): Kind: captions Language: en in this video I'm going to show you how to get your image from looking like this to looking like this but first let's go back to where we were and this is the look that you can expect to get when you just have the ceiling lights on and nothing else and it's acceptable it's not bad by any means and if your content is good and your audio is good then it's going to be just fine but if you really want to give your videos that extra pop then I would suggest investing some time and some money into your lighting before you even worry about upgrading your camera or your lens or anything like that so let's start off by turning off all the lights now I'm going to turn on the most important light which is called our key light and as you can see that's already a lot better a key light is just a fancy term for your main light source the one that I'm normally using is the small rig RC 120b and I use it with a large softbox to diffuse the light so there's many different ways you can situate your key light one of my favorites is to place it in front of me 45 degrees to either the left or the right side for this video I wanted to use a smaller light so I'm using the young now YN 300 with an umbrella in front of it the softbox and the umbrella are used to diffuse the light which basically makes it softer so that it's more flattering now the next light that I'm going to turn on is just the lamp in the background over there and as you can see it's starting to look a lot better now anytime you have a light source where the source is visible in the frame the way that lamp is back there that's called a practical and all that does is basically make your image look more interesting instead of having a plain background and this right here by itself is honestly more than enough and many times this is all I use because I like the dramatic look that it gives but if you want to add a little more to really make it pop there's a few more things you could do so off to my left and 45 degrees behind me I have another young now 300 which I'm about to turn on and I set the color temperature to be very warm so that it matches the Practical light that I'm using back there and this technique is called motivated lighting which makes it look like that lamp in the background is for sliding up the edge of this couch and the side of my face over here when in actuality it's a secondary light that's set at the same color temperature now this is looking pretty good I'm sure it's looking a lot better than when we first started with the ceiling lights but still the background is a little bit too dark which looks good in my opinion but for most scenarios you want to liven it up a little bit more so let's go ahead and turn on the other young now YN 300 air that I have on the floor back there pointed at the wall so what that does is help separate me from the background and also makes the background more interesting by giving it that soft gradient but we're still not done normally I like to add two more lights another practical and another motivating light for the Practical sometimes I just turn on my computer monitor because in essence it's a big LCD Light Panel and if you put on a nice background it looks real nice but in this case we're going to leave the monitor off and instead we're going to use a small pocket RGB light from Villa trucks and we're going to put that behind the monitor facing the wall and that looks like this and as you can see that makes the background look much more interesting and for our last element off to my right and 45 degrees behind me I have a long RGB tube light from suray and I'm going to use that as a motivating light to make it look like the light from behind the monitor is lighting me up and that looks like this and while lighting is the most important factor for getting a pleasing image there's also one more thing that I'm using to help me achieve these looks which is my filmic love pack and Lightroom profile pack which is available for 15 bucks at 49creative.com out of all the different lights that I talked about the most important one is your key light and that's why I highly recommend that you watch this video next where I review the small ring RC 120b which is an amazing and affordable key light I left links in the description to all the different lights that I talked about if you gained any value from this video make sure to leave it a thumbs up and subscribe to the channel so you don't miss future videos I appreciate you watching to the end and I'll see you in the next one peace

  Top Comments:
  1. @porker_13 [3 likes]: I love how simple this video was. Straight to the point!!! Amazing work
  2. @FulaanCreative: My Filmic LUTs & Lightroom Profiles: https://fulaancreative.com/shop

SmallRig RC120B https://amzn.to/3UyRhFg
85cm SoftBox https://amzn.to/3fUXpsn
Sirui RGB Tube https://amzn.to/3HMMuvp
Viltrox Pocket RGB https://amzn.to/42k5gTi
Yungnou YN300 https://amzn.to/41dcHtS
Umbrella Diffuser https://amzn.to/44AZRbS

PREMIUM VIDEO/PHOTO EDITING LAPTOP:
Mac https://amzn.to/45xlCd6
PC https://amzn.to/45wqMGi

SOME OF MY FAVORITE CAMERAS:
Awesome Beginner Camera https://amzn.to/3mPrlZP
Best Value Video & Photo Camera https://amzn.to/3xfciuD
My Fav Cinema Camera https://amzn.to/3HP9l9w

LENSES I RECOMMEND:
Lumix 16-28 f2.8 https://amzn.to/3C1l9SM
Lumix 24-70 f2.8 https://amzn.to/43mwbhq
Canon RF 15-35 f2.8 https://amzn.to/3C5pDYx
Canon RF 24-70 f2.8https://amzn.to/3OCiIxI
Sony E-Mount 16-28 f2.8 https://amzn.to/439Nen0
Sony E-Mount 24-70 f2.8 https://amzn.to/3IFEhtm

CAMERA GEAR I RECOMMEND:
Camera Bagpack https://amzn.to/3UQIZc5
Benro Tripod https://amzn.to/30XBi8O
Travel Tripod https://amzn.to/3E5d5my
Nisi True Color ND Filter https://amzn.to/3QgERAv
Manfrotto Fluid Head https://amzn.to/3riP83f
Atamos Ninja V Monitor & Recorder https://amzn.to/3kOs64A

AUDIO GEAR I RECOMMEND:
DJI Wireless Mic Setup DJI Mic https://amzn.to/3zueEGY
Cheap BUT awesome shotgun mic https://amzn.to/3gGHoCs
Tascam DR-10L portable recorder https://amzn.to/3vpVsG1
Affordable Headphones / Monitors https://amzn.to/3iKLvQB
Cheap Boom Stand https://amzn.to/3zydTvt
Podcast Mic https://amzn.to/45zOYYf

SOFTWARE I RECOMMEND:
Want Awesome Photo Edits? Try Luminar Neo!
https://l.skylum.com/luminar-neo-fulaan (10% off coupon code: "fulaan10")
Need help with YouTube?  Check Out TubeBuddy!
https://www.tubebuddy.com/FulaanCreative
Let AI polish your Videography & Photography w/ Topaz AI
https://topazlabs.com/ref/2012/
AI tool that removes music from any Audio
Lalal AI https://www.lalal.ai/?fp_ref=creative

As an Amazon Associate I earn from qualifying purchases.  The links above earn commission.
  3. @DamonArenas-n6r: This video was 💯 Informative and 4x Educational 🔥
  4. @samuelpeinado1267: Excellent video. Short, to the point, with great practical info.
  5. @summydean: That was quick and easy - Thanks
  6. @michaelrollock9810: Great work 🌙💡
  7. @Toonscustoms: bro i vow you explain every very well and i get it when listening to you bro! thank you!
  8. @bryanwhitecs: I do lighting for both stage and video. You put so many great principles into such a simple video. Bravo!
  9. @dylanthefulmer: You should have put a lot more work into this thumbnail.  A LOT of your other thumbnails draw attention easily,  this doesn't.
  10. @Rashu88: Excellent video, adding the layers of light as you explain works just perfectly.
  11. @kraaijkamplasmachines2574: Witch camera do u personaly use?

Thanks 4 u video's!
  12. @munka48: The way you added each aspect one at a time really helped illustrate what is happening and why it’s important. Thank you! Makes the information much more digestible and usable, and gave me ideas on how to use my own lights I already have
  13. @MANGEKYOLOL: You're a beast.. The only video that fixed my. Lighting
  14. @nectarioslelekis2238: Bro you explain complex stuff into easy listening. My brother 👍
  15. @oamyway975: Just superb 
To the point, Short, Crisp, No nonsense 
🙏🇮🇳
  16. @itsyagirlkarmaaa: Thank you!!! Very helpful for my at home setup and I can't wait to out these tips into practice!
  17. @Hintvision: Excellent video I went to film school and still can’t get my lighting background right smh
  18. @thomasrobertfitness: Can you help me to find a decent wireless key light to shoot fitness content?
  19. @JakeAussie-bs3lx: Great vid mate
  20. @realtheotv: short, sweet and super educational!

- Albums that Changed Music: Talking Heads - Remain in Light: Kind: captions Language: en talking head's 1980 album remain in light took the band's conventional method of writing and recording songs and flipped it on its head it's an incredible album whose influence reaches far and wide and today we're talking all about the writing recording and the influences of this timeless album [Music] hello there it's warren hewitt here i hope you're doing marvelously well welcome back to another episode of the series if you haven't already please subscribe and if you hit the notification bell you'll be notified when we have a new video of course you can if you're into production go to producelikeapro.com and sign up for the email list and get a whole bunch of free goodies in january of 1980 talking heads were on an unofficial break they returned to new york city after touring to support their third album fear of music and decided to take some time off as a band frontman david byrne began working with producer brian eno on what would become a separate project my life in the bush of ghosts and keyboardist jerry harrison produced an album for soul singer nona hendrix at the sigma sound studios branch in new york meanwhile talking heads bassist and drummer married couple tina weymouth and chris franz considered leaving the band they felt that talking heads was becoming nothing more than a group to back up from and david byrne so unsure of what to do franz and weymouth headed to the caribbean for a two-week vacation to consider their options here they had the opportunity to practice native percussion instruments and meet the reggae rhythm duo sly and robbie after this trip concluded france and weymouth purchased an apartment above compass point studios in nassau in the bahamas this is the studio where the talking heads have recorded their original album more songs about buildings and food soon david byrne joined them followed by brian eno even though eno had worked with the band on their previous two albums he was reluctant to work with them again but upon hearing a demo tape of what they were working on he changed his mind talking heads and brian eno set out to write and record what would become the 1980 masterpiece remain in light on this album talking heads took a different approach in their songwriting instead of thinking of the group as a singer and a backup band the goal for this album was as burns described sacrificing our egos for mutual cooperation so instead of the ban writing music around david byrne's lyrics they instead decided to begin with instrumental jams building songs around the best parts talking heads were inspired by a more communal way of making music integrating polyrhythms from africa the 1973 record aphrodisiac by nigerian artist fella cutie was a particular inspiration talking heads began recording in july of 1980 at compass point studios brian edo played a critical role in this process as they began to blend african musical influences with rock encouraging experimentation along the way he compared this creative process to looking out to the world and saying what a fantastic place we live in let's celebrate it so the band began experimenting recording long extended jam sessions and singling out the best parts rather than focusing on chord progressions as you might do in rock talking heads kept it to a relatively simple musical form focusing instead on layers of poly rhythms these were the days before looping audio was a simple task that you could do with a computer so when they found a few bars they light they would single them out and then record themselves playing just those parts over and over keeping it simple so they could build the track from there david byrne described this process as turning themselves into human samplers this use of a longer simpler jam orientated song is something talking heads had experimented with on the song isimbra from the album fear of music but this was just the starting point eno had the band repeat this process over many times trying to get the band not to worry too hard about what they were playing as jerry harrison recalls we had gone down to the bahamas and was setting out to do an album that we hadn't attempted in the past we did this because we noticed in our rehearsals that sometimes the first time you play a song you do it with this instant sense of expiration and that's different than you'll ever play a song again we wanted to see if we could capture something like that so we laid down the parts one person at the studio at a time with the general mindset of oh i want to try it there were lots and lots of tracks we used the mixing board as the composition to move from part a to part b we were really on a roll we worked three weeks in the bahamas ac dc was in the next room doing back in black and we cut all of our basic tracks at the same amount of time they required for one guitar solo we were really in a groove right from the beginning of romanian light this combination of loops extended jams and poly rhythms is on full display let's take a listen to the opening track born under punches the heat goes on cool take a look at these while this unique creative process did create some incredible music it could also be frustrating at times engineer rhett davies left the project upset with a fast-paced environment eno was having them work in steven stanley who had previously worked with bob marley stepped in as engineer in his place talking heads were aware that the world was in the middle of a musical shift sugar hill gang's hit rapper's delight was released only a year before and hip-hop was on the rise talking head's own drummer chris franz had provided the backbeat on the curtis blows song the breaks and france had shown the song to david byrne on the song cross-eyed and painless burn could be heard emulating chris blow's percussive delivery break it up break it up break it up break down getting the best of them most of the instruments were recorded at compass point studios with additional recording taking place at sigma sound in new york city where harrison had previously worked berna nino began tweaking the songs that they recorded in the bahamas adding musicians like adrian baloo on guitar nota hendrix on backing vocals and trumpet player john hassell the song houses in motion features john hassell predominantly his unique avant-garde style perfectly matches the rest of the production on this album when it came to writing the lyrics david byrne was suffering from a bad case of writer's block he felt that these were incredibly unique songs and needed lyrics to match so he took an approach similar to how the band had recorded the instruments burn began to assemble lyrical phrases pulling inspiration from a variety of sources like news headlines radio preachers and even john dean's watergate testimony this lyrical technique can be seen in the album's best known song once in a lifetime this song was almost abandoned but after brian eno developed a wordless melody for the chorus david byrne wrote the words in the same manner as the rest of the album combining phrases from various sources for this song in particular he can be heard imitating the vocal delivery of a preacher rhythmically while the band felt beat one in one place brian enough felt it differently interpreting the third b as beat one this was something he encouraged to give a different feel to the song emphasizing some different rhythmic elements as eno remembers this means the song has a funny balance with two centers of gravity their funk groove and my dubby reggae-ish understanding of it a bit like the way felicity songs have multiple rhythms going on at the same time warping in and out of each other a lexicon 224 digital reverb effects unit was utilized on this song and album it was obtained by engineer and mixer dave jordan and it was one of the first of its kind once in a lifetime showcases this reverb unique rhythms and burns preacher-like vocal delivery it's all a great example of how brian eno encouraged musical experimentation in the studio as jerry harrison recalls eno had taught us to think of the studio as an extension of the instrument you had if you look back at the photos of the beatles engineers they were wearing white lab coats they were totally behind the glass you didn't go in there the musicians were in the other room and captured by the technicians maybe if you were lucky they would play the music back through the speakers eno broke that barrier down everything was an instrument it was all taking place when i described my keyboard wash in once in a lifetime it was a performance by me and eno in the control room being captured because we had a trusting relationship with him we were all cool with that and it also meant that we began to become familiar with all of the equipment in the control room this cut and dry roll between the musicians technicians and producers started to become more fluid now let's take a listen to all of these experiments combining on one timeless song once in a where is lifetime large automobile and you may tell yourself this is not my beautiful house and you may tell yourself this is not my beautiful wife same as it ever was same as it ever was remaining light was mixed in august of 1980. half of it by brian eno and engineer john patoka in new york city and the other half by david byrne and dave jordan at el dorado studios in los angeles romanian light was released in october of 1980 and while the album did okay commercially the influence stretches far beyond any sales numbers or charts the album has made multiple best of lists by publications like rolling stone enemy the new york times and pitchfork while once in a lifetime has become perhaps the band's most popular song it failed to break the billboard top 100 but it did get lots of plays at the famous club paradise garage courtesy of the resident dj larry levin this expanded talking heads into the new york dance club scene in an interview i did with him from 2015 engineer and mixer dave jordan remarked about how working with brian eno was always an incredible experience and brian you know showed me that it can be anything you know i work with so many people that say it has to be this it has to be that and brian nina showed me it can be anything i was doing an overdub one time with brian you know he was playing tambourine and we come in and listen to the playback and he kept having me rewind the tape to a certain point and i said what are you listening for and he says i tapped my foot on a certain beat and it was like the 18th beat in or something and he wanted to put a part on that beat and i thought you know that is pretty that's pretty cool you know i mean this guy this guy is not thinking like i am i was listening for mistakes or listening to tambourine sounds and he's on a whole other wavelength talking heads went on to release more songs and albums throughout the 80s but remaining light is perhaps their sergeant pepper in 2002 talking heads were inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame and in 2017 remaining light was recognized by the library of congress for preservation in the national recording registry as david byrne recalled we were listening to african pop music such that was available like fella cootie and king sunny a day and some field recordings but we didn't set out to imitate those we deconstructed everything and then as the music evolved we began to realize we were in effect reinventing the wheel our process led us to something with some affinity to afrofunk but we got there the long way around and of course our version sounded slightly off we didn't get it quite right but in missing we ended up with something new over 40 years later romanian light is still just as incredible and influential an album as ever a timeless album that should be required listening for all musicians songwriters and producers everywhere thank you ever so much for watching please subscribe and check out the other videos in the series if you're into production you can go to producelikeapro.com sign up for the email list and get a thanks ever so much so long farewell video au revoir adios sadio goodbye

  Top Comments:
  1. @Producelikeapro [55 likes]: What are some other albums you would like us to cover in this series?
  2. @patsmusic5584 [5 likes]: My all time favourite!
  3. @princeofcupspoc9073 [3 likes]: 10:10  Funny how musicians now have "AI" chat programs to help come up with randomized lyrics.
  4. @Walsabood [3 likes]: I’m 16, I listen to a range of music from Bruce Springsteen to ASAP rocky, and out f all the artists I have listened to, talking heads takes my place for number one (I’m yet to meet anyone under 30 who knows of them)
  5. @jameshannagan4256 [2 likes]: This record had such a big impact on a lot of great bands I know it made a impression on Radiohead and a lot of other bands.
  6. @toddbilleci8563 [1 likes]: Thank you, fascinating episode
  7. @uberjam-sam [1 likes]: Mike blowing brilliant overview would like this to be longer but enjoyed it for what it is cheers!
  8. @stewsim [1 likes]: One of my all time favorite records ever!
Everything about it is fabulous and so unique…!!!
  9. @smartalek180 [1 likes]: Listening to "Born Under Punches" for the first time was like being struck by lightning.
There are very few albums that you can call "life-changing" without hyperbole (or irony), but this is at the top of that list.
  10. @jjsandow9882 [1 likes]: perfect Sunday afternoon documentary.
  11. @stevekaufmann8109: The talking heads turn me into a chicken
  12. @KennethDumasig12: Screamdelica by Primal Scream plss
  13. @timages: I had no idea how important Brian Eno was to the making of this seminal album. It's still a tremendous listen straight through, a very rare feat with any recording. It's too bad there wasn't more info here about the incredible soloing in Remain in Light. Listening Wind is a perfect case in point.
  14. @gmlvly: Houses in motion is actually the song I discovered Talking Heads through (I’m 16) and BOY AM I GRATEFUL. Fucking legends 🙏
  15. @Cleireach2: @SpillasBurner
  16. @ruukaoz: this album was a like a jigsaw puzzle piece that fell into place. i loved Fela Kuti and Radiohead before hearing this. when i heard the delayed guitar solo of "born under punches" for the first time, i instantly thought of "go to sleep" by Radiohead. that felt good.
  17. @hugeal8716: One important aspect to the success of this album and Talking Heads was their appearances on SCTV. It’s where I was introduced to the album.
  18. @GeFarr: I think i like 77 more, but great album ....
  19. @ssylvian: byrning down the house.
  20. @peterwhitehouse: Angelique Kidjo's rendition of "Remain in light" is also a celebration of the polyrhythmic masterwork, well worth a listen. Remain in light is one of my favourite albums of all time, each play feels fresh and interesting

- This 2025 Studio Setup Changes Everything!: Kind: captions Language: en-GB Welcome to my 2025 studio tour. I'm Mike Russell from Music Radio Creative, and I've got. I can't believe I'm saying this. 30 years in audio production. at the end of 2024 that has changed my whole video workflow. It is the RODECaster video. What an amazing piece of kit. And it's replaced a whole bunch of production workflows that I used to have in my studio. So why is the RODECaster video a really big upgrade? Well, before this I was using Elgato CamLink, OBS studio to record like a 4K screen split into four different 1080P feeds. And then I was pulling that into premiere and using a bunch of templates. And I ran into drive space issues on my small drive on my Mac Studio. So things would freeze, but no more. Now the RODECaster Video takes care of everything, and it's external to my computer. So no matter if my computer crashes or freezes, I have a recording on my RODECaster video. how does that work? Well, it's live to drive. This device allows me to record to an external drive. So I've never got any risks of a full computer hard disk. It's really, really cool. For that, I'm using a SanDisk Pro Drive and of course, I'll link this in all the gear I talk about down below. If you want to get exactly the same external drive I've got, it's two terabytes. It's really big, and actually the road cost a video display tells me I can record just over 48 hours on that drive. So a little while before, only to scrub things. Now, the coolest thing is I can actually switch scenes on my RODECaster video directly. And I can record live to drive so I can share my screen with you here. This is the RODE Central app that will look at in a moment. And I can do a screen share with me over in one side of the, corner of the video and also in the other side. If I've got something that I need to show you. So I can quickly switch everything around really easily inside the RODECaster video without the need for software or anything else. Now, not only does it allow me to do that in real time, live to drive, but I can cut down hours inside Premiere Pro later because it splits out all my video and audio tracks. So this camera, also this camera and my screen share, it's all recorded in split stems, so I have the maximum options when I get into post editing. Now the coolest thing is on the back. I can plug in multiple cameras via HDMI. In fact, four in total. So I've got camera one plugged into input one. I've got my max screen share on input two. Now you need to plug it in via an HDMI. So essentially I mirror my main display to HDMI input two on the RODECaster Video and that means I can quickly go to my screen should I need to. I can also throw in other stuff like a Logitech Brio and a secondary camera as well. All along the way. It's really incredible. I'm using these high quality RODE HDMI-3 cables and what's more, they're nice and colorful so I can plug everything in and have it look beautiful on my desk. Also USB connections to the RODECaster Video. I'm using these wonderful SC27 connectors from RODE. They have five gigabytes per second and also carry 60W of power should I need. I've also got the other USB C cable connected straight to my external drive that SanDisk drive. And what's more, with this I can hot plug it so I can swap over. So I'm recording everything live to drive, but when I finish, I can plug it into my Mac Studio and immediately edit from the send this drive. And because the read write is so fast on this device, no need to transfer or wait for large video files to drop. I can edit straight away, which is really sped up. My workflow. And then I've got another one of these cables, the SC27 cables running out of usb-C for on my RODECaster Video straight into output two via usb-C on the RODECaster duo, which I'll talk about later. Giving me maximum audio control for mixing my levels on my microphone, and also levels coming from my computer when I'm playing music, and so on. It really helps to have the connectivity between RODECaster Video and RODECaster duo. As well as recording to drive. I love that you can stream directly from the road cars to video to places like YouTube. Plus I can also control it remotely via RODE Central. Let's actually have a look at that now. Now this is a picture in picture overlay that I set up in the RODE Central app, which is really, really cool. Now you'll see I've got RODECaster Duo here and also my RODECaster Video is coming in via the local network. I've connected it to Ethernet, so I don't need a usb-C cable to actually access all the settings of my RODECaster video. And you'll see here it's got Scene Builder. So here it's got me as a picture in a picture. And you can see that I can choose different things like camera one, and I can jiggle this around on the screen if I want. I can apply borders just as I've done so here. And you'll see I've got a second set up over here for when something is showing up down there, and I need my webcam over here. Then I've got all the other scenes like this one, this one and this one as well. All ready to edit. But what's more, there's so much you can do. You can edit all of your audio at the moment. You'll see all my audio is coming from the road cars to duo on USB four. I've also got Device Config, which allows me to choose multiple outputs, frame rates and such things like that. Audio switching. Now this is something I'm not presently using, But if I had multiple guests on a podcast and wanted to automatically switch cameras based on who's speaking, this also switching will do that for me. And then you've got stream profiles to add your server keys. As I said, if you want to stream live to YouTube and other platforms. Now doesn't stop there because my HDMI output actually goes out of output A on the road custom video into a Raspberry Pi monitor. Now these were just released at the end of 2024, a 15.6 VESA mountable, USB C powered HDMI input monitor. It's so tiny and portable. It's just what I needed. It also has deep blacks and just looks really good. So the multi screen output from my rode custom video goes direct to this monitor. When I switch it on it fires up and the moment I switch my RODECaster Video off. The monitor powers down. It's a great way to monitor everything I'm recording without needing an external app like OBS on my computer. Now, it's not all fun and joy with the RODECaster Video, and I wanted to let you know about a couple of minor drawbacks. In case you're considering getting this for your own YouTube or video set up. First of all, when you switch it on using the power button on the back, the fans fire up really loud. But after that they settle down. However, I have noticed they keep running at a very, very soft hum. Now this won't bother most people. It's because I'm an audio guy and I notice these things. I like my studio to be whisper quiet. I do notice they're there a little bit when the studio gets hot. They may be ramp up for a second or two before going down, but nothing major. It really isn't a game changer for 99% of you out there. But as an audio person, I notice it. So I have the RODECaster Video on when I'm recording a YouTube video, but when I do work in my studio or audio work or voiceover work, I have it powered down completely because, well, hey, I'm not using it and be that soft fan hum really annoys me. But I'm the 1%, remember? Also the other thing I've noticed the multi cameras and multi scenes or my external multi program view can be a little bit laggy. Now again this isn't a game changer at all, it's just something I noticed and maybe it can be improved in a future firmware update. But in short it's leagues ahead of my old system. Yes, I don't need OBS. I hardly need to use Premiere Pro as much as I did it saved me a lot of time in post-processing the multi-camera feature recording live to drive live streaming from this kit. There are so many pluses. It's a 1080P device, which is fine for me. That's the quality I put videos out in and it's just saved me a lot of fuss in particular crashes, freezes and problems like that. Now handling all my video production on my piece of hardware from video pros RODE. It's just awesome. If you enjoy what you see so far, throw like and remember to subscribe so you can see more videos just like this. Okay, you may have been waiting patiently for audio. So let's talk about my audio setup. I replaced my Mackie DLZ Creator with the tiny compact RODECaster duo. So why did I do it? I've been using the Mackie DLZ Creator for about two years now, quite happily and well. It's beside the point that actually Rode and Mackie merged to become one company. What do I like about the RODECaster duo? First, I noticed the Mackie DLZ creator was so big and I was only using 1 or 2 faders on it. Also, I found the mix minus feature on the DLZ creator over time to be a little bit more of a pain and a faff, whereas on the road studio, it has its own dedicated chat channel, which I can use in apps like Google Meet and Zoom, and it does mix seamlessly without me needing to think about it. Simpler design and actually on the RODECaster Duo. I prefer the faders a lot more. Plus, the processing and the presets for microphones are just brilliant. It simply works. It's all I need right now in my minimal 2025 studio. If you'd spoken to me maybe ten or even five years ago, I might have had a big 19 inch rack behind me with processors, power conditioners and things like that. But now it sits inside this RODECaster duo, and I literally use two faders on it for content creation like you're watching now. And if I really want to play jingles, I've got some sound pads here where I can play jingles and music and other bits in my content. Now here's the big one. As a voiceover artist and audio professional, you'll say, Mike, you've got a new mike in front of you. What? Mike is it? Why are you using it? And why don't you use your $3,000 microphone for YouTube videos? Well, I did switch quite recently, actually, to the ElectroVoice RE 20. I did think about the Shure SM7B, but hey, this one just was my preference when I split. Tested them both side by side. So I used to have my Neumann condenser here, but I've noticed that the RE20 is more clean, focused, and really perfect for on camera content. My old setup included the Neumann on a RODE PSA 1 boom, and it was taking up most of the screen. I know I could get a low profile boom, but this now sits on my desk. And what's more, as I talk to you, it sits in front of me. And when I go to look at my screen, I'm also talking directly down the barrel of the mic without needing to have a big condenser in front of me. I also use the default RE20 preset on my RODECaster duo to set this up, but I just tweak the sibilance manually because this mic can naturally be quite bright and clear, and that can introduce a little bit of sibilance beyond what I'm comfortable with. I'm sitting it here in front of me, very low profile on a RODE DS2 stand. So paired with this low profile stand, the mic stays out of the main frame with no big booms in shot, so it's perfect for talking to camera. YouTube content and screen tutorials, which I do a lot of. So you may ask what happened to my Neumann? Well, don't worry, it's still here. It's still there on the RODE PSA 1 boom. And I like to keep it for voiceover work. I run it through an Apollo Twin X audio interface with real time plugins and effects. And by the way, if you're interested in my setup, specifically for voice over, I'll do another video soon showing you my Apollo Twin X setup. This essentially works in tandem with my Neumann U87AI. It's got three premium plug ins that I'm using, zero latency monitoring, and it sends my audio direct from the Apollo to an X into the line. In one of the line ins on my RODECaster duo so I can do voiceovers. Enter snap by opening another fader and bringing the Neumann in front of me and recording into something like Adobe Audition. But like I say, future video coming up on my voiceover settings on this channel soon, so make sure you like and subscribe. Now rounding off the audio section in this video. Yes, my headphones I'm monitoring on the Beyerdynamic DT 1770 Pro headphones. Super detailed. They're closed back for isolation and means I don't hear external sounds as I'm mixing and recording, and they're perfect for critical audio editing. As many of you will know, I did a brilliant tour of their facilities in Heilbronn, Germany. They manufacture to a very high standard and these are the headphones I love. Even though RODE have sent me their headphones, I just cannot switch away from these. They're really, really cool. Oh, and you might also wonder how I know everything so easily and seem to flow perfectly. Well, I guess I've always been good at ad libbing, but now I have an Elgato Prompter in front of me. This is something I picked up in mid 2024 and I use it for scripts. So all of the scripts I type into the Camera Hub app and I can actually show it to you on the screen. Now here is the Camera Hub app and you'll see everything I'm telling you is here in my prompter. So essentially I'm talking to you. I can see the script in front of me. It's an absolute lifesaver. I can up my content quality because I've got every point I want to cover in the video in front of me. And as I have a brain like a sieve, that really helps me. I've mounted it to the RODE PSA 1+ boom arm, and it sits on a Manfrotto Pixi tripod on top of my Mac studio. At the perfect level for me to do a talking head video to you. Oh, and another bonus the Elgato Prompter actually acts as another monitor. So not only can you have text on it, but you can also drag in Google Meet and Zoom, and you can have calls with people and you can look directly at the person rather than sideways. It really helps with meetings too. Now let's talk about video recording. And I rely on my trusty Sony Alpha A6300 and A6400 cameras. I've used them for years and years. In fact, maybe over a decade. And I pair them with different camera lenses. Now, first of all, for talking head, I'm using a Sigma 16 millimeter lens, which of course I'll link the exact one up down below. I used to use the 30 millimeter one, which I still have on hand. In fact, it's it's right here. And again, I'll link this exact camera lens down below. Again, it's a Sigma 30 millimeter, with great bokeh. Great. Kind of like, blurry background effect. But I'm using that now for B-roll, as I found it to be way too tight for a talking head. And now you probably like the fact I'm a little bit more distant when I do this video. It's definitely a plus for me. And when I do B-roll of products that you've seen throughout this video, I'm using a Manfrotto tripod. It's actually the 701 HDV, and I have literally had this one for over ten years. It's great for product shots, capturing detail at the perfect angle, And the only thing that's changed over the years is I need to tighten up the nuts on the legs to stop them flopping out. But really, it's been absolutely incredible for me. I've also got an Elgato Stream Deck. Now, I don't use this for OBS scenes anymore, but I can stop and pause my Elgato prompts script, which is really cool, is a button right in front of me. It's my go to for controlling lights, automations, and different scenes inside my studio and even in the house as I use Home Assistant. So Home Assistant is connected direct into my stream deck, and I can control pretty much anything that connects to the internet. And finally, the computer I'm using sits right in front of me here. Yes, it's a Mac Studio. It's just the M1 chip. It still handles everything like a champ. And I've found I haven't needed to upgrade. Yes, I can even run AI models locally on this Mac Studio M1 chip, and it just does a stellar job. Now remember I've refined my setup over the years. I didn't start like this. And I'd say if you're just starting, choose gear that fits your workflow. Don't just follow the hype or the next big shiny thing. I tend to have shiny object syndrome. Just buy stuff that works. So if it's a pretty cheap USB microphone and a webcam to start making content, go and get that. You can always upgrade later. Focus on something that's reliable, has flexible recording options and minimal friction as well. In your recording process. And I always say value simplicity over complexity. In fact, I found over the years I've gone way too complex with my setup, and that's when I got rid of things like the Mackie DLZ Creator and my pretty crazy software based recording for video. Now I do it all on hardware that sits in front of me and records two external drives. It's really, really cool. So we'll gear. Are you using or dreaming about using in 2025? Share in the comments! As I'm always curious to hear about new setups. Oh, and by the way, here's my YouTube blog. Looks pretty cool. It just took me the duration of this video to make it. Now this is my complete 2025 studio. From the RODECaster Video powerhouse to my RE20 mic for content creation. It's super efficient and I absolutely love it. If you found value in this tour, do give me the thumbs up! Subscribe for more audio tips! And of course, don't forget to ring the bell for future updates. And as I teased earlier on in the video, do stay tuned for a deep dive on my voiceover chain with the Apollo Twin X and the Neumann U87 AI that is coming soon. I'm Mike Russell. Thank you so much for watching. Here's to leveling up your audio and video in 2025. And YouTube is showing a video on your screen that you should watch next. Thanks.

  Top Comments:
  1. @MikeRussell [2 likes]: Which new gear are you most excited for in 2025? Let me know!
  2. @tendaimusopero4548: How do you screen share with rodecaster video
  3. @AmerABUZAID: I need to know what are the steps to do to  have a great voice like yours on your videos, your answer could make my day
  4. @kyledenmead_: Not having an option to save directly to computer is a drawback if you want to instantly playback something without having to disconnect and reconnect ssd over n over again
  5. @othellochase: Hello. You didn’t mention the clock you have on the desk. I like it. What’s the information on it?
  6. @DJMarcoEnt: You said the device 1080p, so it doesn’t do 4K?
  7. @enigmascape: Do I need the Tobasco sauce for it to work right, or can I substitute with Tapatio?
  8. @TheDreamDividend: Hi Mike,

What tripod is that for your prompter?
  9. @RoyGraham-r2g: Just watching this again and realise I'm the 1% as well - the low fan noise bothers me in my quiet, wee studio. I use the RCV for live events and occasional recording (unless I need to record 4k) but otherwise use a dead silent audio interface such as my MixPre 6II. Tools for the job is all these are and the RCV helps for producing live and allowed me to cancel the subscription to a popular production software. Cheers, Pal!
  10. @ErikkGeannikis: Mike-- your videos have helped me a TON over the years. Thanks so much for walking us through this tight setup. Only you left out one extremely interesting looking piece of gear — what's that clock you're working with, man? I want it. Thanks again for all the helpful videos brother.
  11. @cloakdagger7134: Tobasco pepper sauce
  12. @mrjayparker: Hey Mike can you link that monitor thanks
  13. @NamasteJiOficial: Could i connect 4 xlr mics to the two xlr entries of the rode xlr video swticher? would that work as a two channel audio setup? thank you
  14. @taalib.alexander: Mile, I just want to say how much I appreciate the value and insight you consistently share through your content. Your deep knowledge and years of experience are evident in everything you post, and it's been incredibly helpful and inspiring. I was wondering if you'd consider hosting a live Q&A session—something interactive where your audience can ask questions in real time. I believe many of us would greatly benefit from the opportunity to learn directly from you and hear your thoughts on topics we may not even have considered. Thank you again for everything you do!
  15. @BenJackson-o4y: Thanks for the video! Would the auto switching work with the following setup: Rodecaster Pro 2 handling 4 x channels (4 person podcast) connected to the Rodecaster Video handling 2 x cameras?
  16. @ashahall8584: What mic are you using?
  17. @RoryOnAir: Class setup dude. Loving your work and nice to see another audiophile using the mic favoured by the legendary Steve Wright.
  18. @OldTestament: 6:45 – Thanks for pointing this out. I also seem to be in the 1% affected. The hum is quite noticeable and annoying. I wonder if this could be fixed with a firmware update—perhaps the fan doesn’t need to keep running right from the start?
  19. @kultainenleikkaus4027: Hello. We’ll have multicam session with 3 cameras.  Session sound is coming from local house mixer to our soundmixer and then going to videomixer. Currently we use 10 years old atem 4k production studio videomixer which has annoying 3 frames audio lag. Can I adjust the audio lag in that RodeCaster video device?
  20. @David_Malinowski: Thanks for this. very useful! got myself the RCV recently but not plugged it in yet. Soon hopefully...

- Lighting 101: Quality of Light: Kind: captions Language: en hey guys and welcome to the first installment of our lighting 101 Series today we're going to talk about the quality of light what it is how to control it and why it matters watch your eyes now when we say quality of light we aren't talking about how good the light is in the most basic sense we're talking about how the light behaves how it interacts with your subject and the effect it creates it really comes down to two things whether the light is hard or soft okay so now let's compare hard and soft light we have Ellery here lit with a very hard light and the first thing you're going to notice is a lot of people would describe this as harsh because hard light casts very defined and sharp shadows and you can see this by the Shadows cast on her face and the back wall so now we have Ellery in very soft lighting unlike hard light which has a very directional path soft light tends to wrap around its subject therefore the Shadows cast by Soft light are much more gradual with softer edges so let's look at both of them up close see how the hard light cast The Shadow with a very distinct Edge you can see this cast by 's nose and on the back wall by contrast the soft light casts a very gradual Shadow on her face and the shadow on the back wall is barely there so what makes a light hard or soft can I just go out and buy a soft or hard light well that's not really how it works the hardness or softness of a light is determined by the size and distance relative to its subject so basically the smaller your light is compared to your subject the harder the light will be and vice versa the bigger your source is compared to your subject the softer the light will be okay but wait what about the sun cue the sun the sun is huge but it acts like a really hard light source that casts tons of Shadows well yes the sun is enormous but it's also 93 million miles away which means it usually appears to be about the size of a fingernail in the sky relative to our perspective here on Earth if it were closer appearing much bigger in the sky the sun could be an extremely bright beautifully soft Source but we'd also be really really extremely dead so distance is an important factor when considering the relative size of your Source generally the closer the source is the softer the Shadows are going to be just look at how shadow puppets work if you hold your hands too close to the light the Shadows are soft and blurry but if you put enough distance between your hands and the light the Shadows are sharp and clear so to recap the difference between a hard and soft light is how it renders shadows and the hardness and softness of a light is controlled by the size and distance relative to the subject so what's the deal with diffusion so diffuse light is often confused for soft light and honestly at this point they're often considered the same thing since usually they're used together but while soft light is primarily defined by the relative size to the subject diffuse light is when light passes through a physical material whether it's gel diffusion particles in air like dust Haze or smoke or pass through silks or Fabrics like muslin all of these diffuse the light meaning they scatter the light spreading it across the entire material and emitting what looks like a more even light an easy way to understand this is to look at a flashlight let's hit the lights so let's shine this flashlight against a flat wall notice there's a very bright spot in the middle that's called a specular highlight and that's caused by the bright bulb in the middle of the flashlight so now if we add some diffusion the specular highlight basically disappears and it spreads out the light evenly over its radius so let's go back to LY and put diffusion on the hard light what the diffusion is doing is evening out the light that's hitting your subject reducing glare and smoothing out the specular highlights the light appears more even across your subject but the edges of your shadows will mostly remain the same But ultimately the onew punch that diffusion can offer is this it can diffuse the light and increase the physical size of your Source at the same time so let's look at this light panel this is a 1ex one Astra it's about square foot in size let's add a soft box to it so now we have a more diffused light and a larger Source this is 24 in across if we want something bigger let's look at this Sola 6 Fel it's about the size of my hand but but if I turn it around and bounce it off of this bounce card now we have a light SZ the entire size of this card and last but not least if you have an 8x8 silk you can turn this light into an 8T wide Source or 64 Square ft so now that we know what hard light and soft light do and how to control them what are we communicating by using them the quality of light alone can tell us an incredible amount of things it can Orient us then there was light give us Clues to where we are what time of day it is a beautiful sunset are we seeing the soft gentle light of dawn or the harsh direct light of midday are we in a hot sweaty City in the summer you're sweating or in the middle of a cold dull winter in the country it can create an atmosphere the mood of a place or time how we should feel in a space or a moment are we seeing harsh street lights casting dangerous looking Shadows around us in a shady part of town or are we walking along familiar city sidewalks with warm inviting light spilling out from Neighbors Windows is the Smoky hazy Spotlight of a jazz club dazzling the room and making our Leading Lady glow or as the Stark direct Spotlight onto a large theater stage making our actor feel trapped in the room dark and tense and going even further it can portray our characters in literally a flattering or unflattering light revealing to the audience who they are are they mysterious and alluring I've been dead once already or are they repulsive and hardened to the world are they deeply in love or are they in deep turmoil do they look youthful and bright or is the wisdom of their years edch deeply into the wrinkles of their face you can say a lot with quality of light and the best part is the same principles in film Lighting on professional sets apply to your lights at home so now that you know how to control the quality of light you can find creative ways to achieve it if you want to create soft light find ways to make your Source bigger use homemade diffusion like a shower curtain or a bed sheet to create a large soft Source in front of your subject and if you want to create hard light use smaller sources or move big powerful sources farther away to get those harsher Shadows so don't be afraid to test things out and try out new things it doesn't matter if your rig looks like a weird duct tape together monstrosity or an arts and crafts project If it creates a light that helps you tell your story then it's the perfect light so keep an eye out for future lighting 101 tutorials but in the meantime try these techniques out yourself and show them to us head over to our forums right here and show us what you came up with have fun [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @DigitalEssenceDesign [3 likes]: Explained in a way that even my pea-sized brain can understand. Thank you!
  2. @azeus_mecha [2 likes]: Great help! Informative and concise! Compared to to the videos out there this is the most elaborate one and easy to understand. I would never know the difference between a soft light and diffused light if it wasn't for this video.
  3. @Pierorocks [2 likes]: Thank you for explaining the difference between soft and diffused! They seem to have become interchangeable these days, but understanding the fundamentals help!
  4. @tonysmith9005 [1 likes]: My name is evangelist Tony smith happy new year 🎉✨ I wont to become a movie director
  5. @akarshvyahut: Thank you this video is very helpful for me and in me journey
  6. @zhavonproductions7976: thank you
  7. @dabidcito4015: me dejaron este video en arte de tarea XDDDD  Like si a ti tambien
  8. @monkichiboi4003: GOD TIER VIDEO
  9. @LimTong: The best comprehensive video I've seen about lighting basics. Incredible job.
  10. @manoharmgr8235: SUPER.  SUPER  , THE BEST  VIDEOS
 நன்றாக இருக்கிறது வாழ்த்துக்கள் R.MANOHAR- INDIA,* CHENNAI
  11. @ryanjones9103: Is it better to shoot photos using led lights, it's more convenient
  12. @lebinhphuonguyen5094: this helps me somuch on my assignment <3
  13. @nimeshmaan: Where the hell I've been from last 4 years, coz I dint came to know such a NICEEEE lighting tutorial even existed on Youtibe.
  14. @ajaypawar8044: Great... 👍
  15. @francisco_artt: 150 millons
  16. @lonewalkerproductions: Awesome tutorial, this really helped!
  17. @niamscookery3442: Very good.
Thanks for simplifying the subject.
  18. @NAUGOTTHEJUICE: 4:51
  19. @ClassicJukeboxBand: Lauren, study the ketogenic diet.  Seriously.
  20. @СергейШепелев-ц2щ: https://youtu.be/5Jrb8I9U5kA

- Laws of Light: How Light Conveys Emotion: Kind: captions Language: en Jay: Today on the "Laws of Light," we're gonna talk about the emotion of light. It's gonna be emotional. Our Mastering Studio Strobes download is meant to help you move into the world of strobes. It'll help you understand what platform works for you in the type of work you do. So, go to theslantedlens.com where you can get the download today. Hi, this is Jay P. Morgan. Today on "The Slanted Lens," I've got Nadia here with me. She is beautiful and she's gonna help us to illustrate how light can create emotion. So, why do we create things? Why do we do video? Why do we do photography? What is our purpose in creating imagery? We, obviously, wanna communicate. We want people to be able to understand a message through a visual medium. But in that communication process, we want people to feel emotion. We want to move them in some way. In my early work, I really wanted people to feel...I wanted them to laugh when they looked at my pictures. That was the emotion I wanted. I did comedy work. I wanted people to look at my pictures and wanted them to just laugh and to have a great experience. As my work has progressed into more and more video, as I do a documentary, as I do a bio piece about someone, I want you to feel a connection to them. I want you to feel something for this person. I want you to empathize with them. I want you to feel sad for them. I want you to feel happy with them. We want to move people. We want them to cry. We want them to laugh. We want them to go, "Ahh," or "Agrrh." The worst thing an artist can get is indifference. When people look at your work and they just don't respond. They don't feel anything. I mean, that's the worst response an artist can get. Remember this, subject matter can contrast light. A smiling baby in a very hard light is going to make a much different viewing experience for the viewer than a limp body of a baby after birth who has not made it through that experience in a dramatic light. That's gonna have a much different viewing experience to the viewer. So, the subject-matter can contrast the light that we're using and sometimes you can use that to your advantage. But for the most part, you're gonna want the light to support and to strengthen what you want to communicate. So, light becomes a critical tool that we can use to create the emotion and to set the stage for what we want to communicate. So, let's talk about how light communicates emotion. In my experience, light has the power to create emotion in four different ways. First off, let's talk about ratios or contrast. We've talked about ratios before. Basically, just the ability to create contrast to make it dramatic and more moody. I think it's fascinating if you listen to the things people say that use light as a motivator in conversation. "He had a dark personality or she lights up a room." I mean those kinds of things are really talking about light and how light creates an emotional response. So, now, if you're going to use light in order to communicate, you wanna tie into the key element, the things people in society say and relate to. A light, bright, open scene is not going to communicate dark and moody, sullen, lost, and confused as much as a dark, high-contrast scene is going to. Now, any of these rules can and will be broken all the time. You can take and shoot a really wonderful dark portrait of a very bright, and sunny and happy situation. So, I'm not saying any of this is an absolute, but it certainly becomes an obstacle you have to overcome. Lighter images are more open, more friendly, more inviting. We feel a comfortableness with them. It's the kinda way we see things in life which is interesting because we see things outside in that bright, open light. We're used to that kind of look. When you get inside, and in rooms, and single lights and darkness, we don't feel as comfortable in the dark. People are afraid of the dark. You know, it's a place they're scared to go into. So, we're shooting all these examples with LEDs. We've got here the Aputure 120Ds. And the reason we're doing that is so that you can see the example in the video and we don't have to shoot strobes and put the images up. You could do this just as easily with strobes. I do it all the time. But this just gives a way to communicate and teach. So, first off, let's take a look at a strong, split light versus a very open, soft light. So, strong, split light. Now if she smiles and looks at the camera. Just a nice smile there. Even though she's in that very hard contrast, that hard ratio, she still has a nice smile, but it's a very hard, deep ratio. Now, just look kinda sad and distant. Now if you look a little bit evil. So, we've now brought our key light in and up into a butterfly position and we've pretty much lit her entire face, it's a lot more open and a lot more flat. I mean, it's not necessarily flat, we've got a nice shadow on her nose because nice split light fly under her chin. I'm gonna even further kind of open this up by sliding this in and getting that right in underneath her. And now we should have just a nice...it's a very, very flat image. It's not an unflattering image, it's a pretty image on her face, but it gives us a much different experience, viewing experience emotionally than that split light did. Now, if she does the very same things here if she smiles towards the camera. Now, if she acts depressed...or if she acts kinda evil. Give it a little evil look. Can you raise an eyebrow? Nadia: Yes, I can. Jay: There you go. Those emotions, those three expressions on her face have a different feeling in this context than they did in the dark, split light because you're looking at an open light. She looks very beautiful in this light, and so you have that as kind of the main thing you're communicating and it becomes very difficult to communicate evil or "I'm mischievous," or "I'm feeling depressed or lost." Number two is quality of light. How quickly it transitions from highlight to shadow helps you to understand the quality. If there's a short transition from highlight to shadow, then it's a very hard, harsh quality of light. But if there's a soft transition from highlight to shadow, then it's a much softer light and that communicates a softer tone, a softer Harder light, harder experience. Now you might say, "How's that different from ratios?" You can have a one to four ratio in a hard You can also have a one to four ratio in a soft light. So, let's take a look at that, how a one to four ratio in hard light versus one to four ratio in soft light. So, I put this in the one to four ratio. She looks into that light. That's a very hard contrast on her face, a very hard light. So this is what I call a back Rembrandt. She's in a Rembrandt. If you turn your head towards the light, you'll see the little triangle that comes under her face, but most of that Rembrandt is hidden from us because it's away from the camera. But anyway, now I'm gonna put this into a back Rembrandt with a softer transition of So, you can see when you have a hard light that has a quick transition, it's almost an immediate transition from highlight to shadow. That in that you create a...something that is much more dark and kind of moody. Whereas when we had the softer light, we still have a one to four ratio. I'm still getting...I'm still getting an F4. I'm still getting a four stop ratio on this. Now we're getting a little bit of pollution from this softbox onto the background, which is causing her to separate more, but if we got rid of that completely, we would see that dark, deep fall off light on the back of her hair. But the light transitions around her face, we don't see that harsh triangle on her face. We see an openness in her cheeks, so you get this really soft transition to the darker spot at the back of her hair. So, we're going to the same value at the back of her hair, but it's a much softer transition around and in that, it's a much more beautiful So, even though they're both a very strong light and a high ratio, we're still getting a much different look from hard, harsh and direct to soft, more inviting, and more open. Next is the color of light. The color of light communicates emotion, absolutely. Just like we talked about when we say things about light, like having a dark personality, people use color in reference to people all the time. "She had a warm personality. He was cold and distant. She's all red. He was blue today." So even Taylor Swift has a song about this called "Red." All about color and emotions. Who is Taylor Swift anyway? Anyway, let's go on. So, let's use that color to our advantage when we light to be able to communicate the emotion that we want people to feel in the image that we're shooting. I remember being on set one day when we were the paratroopers shot. We had the paratroopers in the foreground. We got smoke going in the background and then we just introduced a little bit of blue in the background. And when Lars looked at on the screen, he goes, "That looks terrifying." Like, you're sitting on this airplane, you're about to jump out into who knows what. Our lights in the house are warm. We like that warmth because it gives us a sense of coziness. It gives us a sense of comfort, of feeling accepted and taken care of. So, let's take a look at warmth on someone's face and cold on someone's face and just see how that communicates and what that says to the viewer. So, we're gonna do this shot with two different gels. We're gonna do a CTO...a full CTO, and a full CTB. We'll leave the color balance on daylight, so we're not trying to color correct this here. So, let's do a couple of shots of each of those. We'll just see how this feels. We'll take a look at a couple different expressions on her face and see how they communicate emotion and just see how we can fight against the color and what we're seeing in the shot. Number four is direction of light. We're used to light that comes from above. The sun comes from above. Lights in the house come from above. Everywhere we go, light comes from above. And that looks comfortable and natural to us. When you get a light that comes below that, it becomes very unnatural, it becomes very unsettling. So, when I put the light below Nadia, automatically she went into this "hahaha" kind of mode because that's just what we expect. It's just kinda that horror light from underneath. So, let's take a quick look at light high and low as we wrap up on the emotion of light. So, when we get the light completely overhead, that starts to create ratios and feels a little unsettling as well because it starts to fall into the shadows on the face. It can look very interesting and have a very evil kind of look from above as well as you can from below. So, push the scene behind her, Christian. Just rotate the box around. Maybe rotate it here. Yeah, like that. There you go. Right about in there. Just see how we have these deep shadows on her face. We're not lighting her face. It's not open very much anymore. So it starts to veil her a little bit. It's gonna feel very evil. It's gonna feel very distant. So, if you see, if we take this light and we go from high and we go to really low, really low. There we go. We get this. Everyone knows this is kinda horror lighting because of the old Bela Lugosi movies. This is they way they would light him with this under light. You know with the big shadows falling up on the back and it's just not a way we're used to seeing light and so, it gives us this kind of creepy feeling. So, let's take a few shots of Nadia like that. It's gonna be hard to make her feel very inviting in that light. Okay. Here we go. Looking right here. Nice smile. So, there you have it. We're looking at how light helps to create We're really looking at the ratios, quality, color, and direction. Those four things really come together to create an emotional experience. We've looked at her in different kind of from sad, to depressed, to happy in each one of So, the idea is to come up with a message that is consistent with your viewer. If you want this to be a strong, happy statement, then you'll choose color, direction, ratios, and the things that will...and quality that will communicate that message. So, you're not trying to fight against the message, you're trying to communicate by making decisions that are not consistent. Now there are times, like I say, with all of these things where you'll break these rules and you'll use colors to help to emphasize something even though it's inconsistent with the message and the direction and the feeling and the emotion the person is giving you. And that's okay. All these rules are meant to be broken, but at least know what they are so you're making strong decisions and as you go forward, you can have a consistent message in that experience. You control the message. The reality is, when you take all of these different principles and mix them up, you have thousands of options which gives you the ability to create things that no one else has ever seen. Now, I'm sure when it comes to emotion and the way we control emotion with light, there's things I've forgotten. But this is the way I see light and this is how I work. So keep those cameras rolling. Keep on clicking. Our giveaway for the month of June is sponsored by Dynalite with a 400-watt power pack, two heads, an umbrella and a Tenba case. Get over to theslantedlens.com and try to win it. Nadia: I see your future subscribing to theslantedlens.com and wonderful things will happen to you.

  Top Comments:
  1. @alexsikma5989: That opening scene instantly looked creepy lol.
  2. @DH-kx7ej: ...this is a masterpiece of teaching.
The best wishes from Germany.
  3. @alexalekos: 1:30 the tennis balls on the legs
  4. @sabymondal: Good content on lighting!
Just a couple of comments (only because I liked this video): 
1:18 You are talking to us (the audience) while looking at a different direction! At a different camera! It snaps the communication!
Also,  when you switch between cameras, it needs to be meaningful with certain purpose, otherwise it becomes distracting!  When you are talking, it is already quite entertaining, attention-grabbing, so no need of switching between cameras when you are just talking!
  5. @zulakant: she is so cute =))
  6. @pianoman6639: This is brilliant , learning so much
  7. @sonianongmaithem4948: Thanks , very nice lesson.
  8. @marcomark8: another great informational video.  Thank you and thank you for not having a repetitive annoying song playing throughout the video.
  9. @uncleanAlibertine1: cool
  10. @ranjanjoshi3454: Thanks lovely model and clean communication about the subject
  11. @erasmogonzales7428: JP, I’ve watched a lot of YouTube videos, to many really on light… they are all great teachers… I just always seem to find your videos more educational to my needs! My learning style … thank you good Sir.
  12. @1NOnlyAdityaOfficial: Keep sharing these kind of videos ❣️🙏
Thanks
  13. @BigWillSD: Great lesson,  thank you
  14. @KingJahhSANCTUARY: lol im here 2022
  15. @3-y86: she is beautiful
  16. @umbramann1139: Absolutely love this kind of content, anything that can educate on the cinematic language is critical viewing.
  17. @gbwalther3198: 😎Thanks for the great workshop. The Blinding Light, I'm going to call this one.
  18. @BariumCobaltNitrog3n: Any tips for shooting a big bald head besides baby powder to cut the glare?
  19. @d.r.heidinger6997: thank you!
  20. @d.r.heidinger6997: you are the best!

- Ultimate Guide to Cinematic Lighting — Types of Light & Gear Explained [Shot List Ep. 12]: Kind: captions Language: en-US Films are made up of sequences. Sequences are made up of scenes. And scenes are made up of shots. "- That's a kill." - In previous episodes, we covered camera movement, editing techniques, and composition. Today we'll focus on lighting fundamentals from different types and qualities of light to essential lighting terms and gear. "- And then there was the light." - This is Episode 12 of the "Shot List". Cinematic Lighting - Part One. Hit subscribe and enable notifications to get all future episodes of the "Shot List". At the end of the video, we'll explain how you can download your own cheat sheet for everything we're about to cover. "- Let there be light. Ah, my eyes." - Lighting is one of the most important elements of filmmaking. More than just illumination lighting itself plays a massive role in visual storytelling. Lighting can help determine the mood of your scene. Provide insights into a character. A guide to a viewer's eye. On set, these decisions are made primarily by the Director of Photography. and the Gaffer who is the headlighting electrician on the crew. Once a lighting plan has been decided by the DP, the gaffer executes it by obtaining the necessary lights and gear and overseeing the setups. In part one of this video, we'll cover the lighting fundamentals. In part two, we'll dive into how to light subjects and their surroundings. Before you begin setting up lights, it's important to understand the different forms light comes in. "- Explain all to me now." - All light can be split into two categories. Natural and artificial. Natural light is any light that occurs naturally like sunlight, moonlight, and firelight. Artificial light is everything else. Man-made light powered by electricity. From there, we can branch out into additional categories. Ambient lighting refers to any lights that are on location which the crew didn't bring. This includes street lamps, neon signs, or the moon. Practical lighting refers to any light source that can be seen in the frame whether it be ambient or placed there by a gaffer. Motivated lighting means that there is a logical or reasonable justification for the light in a scene. Often practical lights exist simply to justify or motivate the light. To be able to work with light, cinematographers also need to understand its properties. For example, how does one measure light? Lumens is a measurement of how much light a source produces. Lux or Footcandles measures how much of that light hits the subject. Otherwise known as incidental light. Reflective light is the amount of light that reaches the camera. The amount of light is dependent on both the strength of the source and its position in relation to the subject. As soon as light leaves the source it begins to lose intensity. This is called light falloff. And we can predict an account for this loss using an equation called the inverse square law. The intensity of light is equal to one over the distance squared. Basically, this means that every time you double the distance away from the source the light is reduced by 75 percent. Another aspect of light that cinematographers measure is the color temperature which is measured in thermodynamic units called Kelvins. Daylight is bluer than most artificial lights at about 5600 Kelvin. Daylight can also be imitated by artificial light sources with the same temperature. Tungsten lights are a common artificial source with a color temperature of about 3200 Kelvin though this can vary based on the source. Mixing these two light sources therefore can add a variety of color to your shot. With tungsten lights adding orange and daylight adding blue. For a thorough explanation on color temperature, check out our video linked below. Once you understand your light sources, you'll need to know some basic concepts and terminology. To the uninitiated, hearing cinematographers talk about lighting can sound like a foreign language. Let's look at some of the most commonly used terms on set. Exposure is the amount of light that reaches the sensor or film stock. In previous videos, we explained the mechanisms that determine the exposure. The aperture, shutter speed, and ISO. The aperture is an adjustable mechanism that determines how much light enters the lens and the various sizes are measured in f-stops. Each f-stop either doubles the amount of light or reduces it by half. T-stops are another common setting in cinema lenses to measure exactly how much light actually hits the sensor. All cinematography is a balance between light and shadow. And one of the ways this relationship is expressed is called the contrast ratio. This is a shorthand for how we measure the difference between light and shadow in two areas of an image. Usually between the two sides of a subject's face. Or between the subject and the background. High-key lighting is a term that expresses a low contrast ratio where the background and the subject are lit evenly with minimal contrast. Low-key lighting on the other hand uses a high contrast ratio where the difference between light and shadow is much larger with maximum contrast. Both high and low-key lighting are used in a variety of genres to evoke specific moods and atmospheres. Overall high key lighting is used for brighter happier scenes. While low-key lighting is often used for darker dramatic scenes. "- You're sheltering enemies of the state, are you not?" - Chiaroscuro is a type of low-key lighting with a high contrast ratio. This is seen most frequently in film noirs to enhance the sub-genre's mysterious and dangerous qualities. Check out our video on Chiaroscuro to learn more. A cinematographer must also choose between hard light and soft light. Hard light is more directional light that creates stark shadows which works best in more dramatic or intense scenes. Soft light is more diffused and generates less defined shadows. This type of lighting is often used for happier or romantic scenes. Some of the best naturally occurring soft light comes during magic hour or golden hour. This occurs twice a day just before sunset. And just after sunrise when the sunlight is less harsh and more colorful. Lighting placement in relation to the camera should also be considered. The dumb side also called the broadside is lighting the side of a subject which is closer to the camera often giving the subject a more approachable feeling. The smart side also called the short side refers to lighting the side of a subject that is not facing the camera giving the subject a more dramatic look. Lens flares are created when light hits the lens. The shapes and colors of which differ depending on the lens. "- For me, it literally is just this aesthetic thing that I like which I absolutely am guilty of overusing, and realize that it can be insanely distracting but I do love the look of it. And it's just this incredible look that for some moments feel appropriate." - Bokeh are out-of-focus elements in a shot. Typically points of light that often add a romantic or painterly texture to the image. Now that we've got these key terms and concepts under our belts let's look at the gear necessary to achieve them. "- Yes, we'll find expensive gear you brought out here, Mr. Hooper." - A professional film set often has an expansive variety of lighting equipment but there's some gear which are almost certain to see on any set. Lights themselves come in a variety of forms. There are tungsten lights which are powerful and have a warm color temperature. Daylight is usually achieved with HMI lights which are even stronger but have a cooler temperature. Fluorescent lights which offer soft cool light. Kino Flos which are banks of tube lights adjustable to various temperatures. And LED lights which provide a high amount of control over color and strength. For more control of a light's color, gaffers will often use gels. Thin plastic sheets which come in an assortment of colors. Used in concert with a light's color temperature gels help cinematographers achieve their desired hues. A light meter is used to measure the amount of incidental lighting hitting a subject which then informs the exposure settings on the camera. Some models also include a spot meter which allows you to pinpoint an exact part of the image for exposure. Many cameras themselves also have different modes to measure the reflective light actually reaching the lens. Other ways to measure lighting ratios include waveforms, histograms, and false color which we'll cover in a future video. Once you've made the choice to use soft light in the scene, there are many ways to create the necessary diffusion. Diffusion is when a semi-translucent material is placed between the light source and the subject. This scatters the light making it softer and there are a few methods used to do this. Softboxes use translucent cloths placed in front of a light. Diffusion paper can achieve a similar effect. Silks are often used for larger sources. Of course, there are also natural diffusers like clouds, fog, dust, or smoke. Bouncing the light with reflectors creates diffusion while also redirecting light. Reflectors come in a variety of colors and textures each bringing a unique type of diffusion. Bead boards are styrofoam boards with imperfect surfaces that scatter light differently than a piece of foam core which bounces light more evenly. Another way to mitigate the intensity of the light is with neutral-density gels. These can be attached to the light or applied to windows to reduce the sunlight. Flags are opaque boards that shape and block unwanted light. Barn doors are adjustable flaps on the light itself which have a similar function. Egg crates direct light and help prevent it from spilling into unwanted areas. Cookies add texture to a light. Short for the term 'Cucoloris' cookies are boards with patterns cut into them that create a dappled effect when placed in front of a light. Mounting and positioning lights on set can be done with light stands or with c-stands which are also useful for setting up diffusion, flags, and reflectors. Just about anything needed to complete the desired setup. Believe it or not, we've just scratched the surface on cinematic lighting. "- This is only the beginning." - There are more terms, gear, and concepts out there with more arriving every day. In the next episode, we'll take everything we learned here and apply it to real-life lighting scenarios including how to light a subject versus how to light the background. With actual lighting setups from the best cinematographers working today. In the description, you'll find a link to the StudioBinder blog where you can download a PDF Cheatsheet with everything we've covered in this video and more. That's all for now. We hope we've illuminated these lighting fundamentals properly. Stay tuned for part two. We'll see you there.

  Top Comments:
  1. @StudioBinder [80 likes]: Film Lighting — The Ultimate Guide (Cheatsheet) ►► https://bit.ly/sl-fl
Chapters:
00:00 - Intro — Cinematic Lighting
01:00 - Why Film Lighting Matters
01:55 - Types of Light
04:49 - Lighting Terms
08:52 - Lighting Gear and Equipment
12:54 - Outro — Part Two Tease
  2. @sambanelly25 [1 likes]: Very Informative 👌🏿
  3. @briandolan2689 [1 likes]: Amazing
  4. @RadiantTense: This is absolute gold.
  5. @DUB-Live: for every question that these videos answer, 3 more naturally arise, and the more I realize that I know less than I previously thought 😭
  6. @esoteric_archivist: Man, this hit different as a film student who sees light as more than technique - it's theology. The way a cinematographer shapes darkness and illumination mirrors something almost sacred, like how scripture talks about light entering dark places. That Joker elevator shot and the practical light in Place Beyond the Pines - those aren't just aesthetic choices, they're confessions about what the character is carrying. StudioBinder always delivers but this one genuinely slowed me down. I had to sit with it. Light doesn't just reveal a scene, it reveals the soul of the story.
  7. @anirudhaP.N.V: WHY DO WE NEED MATH IN FILM
  8. @Thenuriddinoveffect: thanks you so much !
  9. @GlenLedet-i2r: I’m seriously motivated after watching this!
  10. @VijayTelagani: Im from India and this channel is such a precious it gave me
  11. @jashandeepsingh1874: Bro was lokking for this flash toutorial  everywhere frim past couple of months. Finally found it today. You are helping alot keep it up.
  12. @PunjabiVillageShortFilms: making movies without any lighting or professional camera, just using my cellphone and getting views and likes....
  13. @KitSchwerdtfeger: Studio Binder is the best thing on YouTube, and that’s the triple truth, Ruth!!
  14. @Noon6seven-e2g: So sunlight used in blender would be artificial light or natural light. I am confused
  15. @JujuSani-y6n: I literally shouted “finally” at the screen!
  16. @ljh0659: 한국에도 이런채널 있음 좋겠다
  17. @sumansagar9532: You’ve completely changed how I see this topic!
  18. @PatsyOrtegam: My confusion is currently crying in the corner.
  19. @queeniulainagonzales78: Done watching
  20. @allenkagai: 5:52 "All cinematography is a balance between light and shadow"... flowers to the editor for making the charachter move throught the two on cue from the narration

- Philly Facts  #3 - The Impact of Proper Lighting on Video Quality: Kind: captions Language: en it's not your facts it's not their facts it's Philly facts this episode's being brought to you by gvm Led yo it's Philly from Philly fax so one of the key things that for me basically changed the whole game for me and gave me the look that I was going for was when I discovered lighting and just light in general a lot of the times I used to assume that most projects were just lit by the Sun or whatever was in the room you know just something very simple or minimal or just you know basically what whatever they had at the time and once I started watching BTS of movies TV commercials film I started realizing the cameras Chang the lenses Chang crew changes equipment always changes but the one thing that was always consistent for me they're lighting everything I mean stuff you think is a natural sunlight is not it's lit so I basically you know you just when in doubt learn from the pros I started getting into lighting and things started changing like immediately like the look and just the feel of everything and I started just mimicking different sets and how they were lighting things and putting light through a window and back lighting side lighting and there's so much information for that online that I basically just took setups that I saw online and recreated them myself to get that look once I got into that space I started getting interested in I have to start acquiring different lights I need lights that I can do these same things with so I was currently in uh in the marketplace to get a new set of lights and of course that's like going down the Wormhole is is always interesting because there's a million different companies there's a million different options so as I'm going through online I come across a company called gvm bought a couple of their LED Pro Lines looked great beefy exactly what I needed lots of options uh got the light and started using them immediately and to my surprise they were literally amazing uh from the price point to the build quality to the options that come with it just overall just an amazing product so shortly after I get the lighting package they contacted me and asked if I wanted to try out a couple of the other Prine series and of course I said yes cuz at this point in my career I'm just obsessed with lighting because that's basically the biggest game changer you can get uh they sent over the SD 650b Prine it's one of their bigger LED lights uh and soft box to match with it which makes everything look absolutely beautiful uh in fact I'm using it right now for the Philly fact studio uh what the biggest thing for me though was we get it on set I was currently shooting one of my artist friends uh Cory Piper and we have a warehouse which is a warehouse I mean a warehouse is a warehouse it is what it is and the only way you can make that Dynamic and give it that look and that pop that that Batman feel per se is really lighting the John Wick kind of high contrast Dynamics is lighting I mean you'll see in this video what I do is I use the 650 as the key light which is essentially the light on the artist and the dancers which gives them that pop use the panel light in the back put some effects on that which is amazing a lot of these lights they just they have the full effects package on them which is great from full color to all the way to you know lightning and Paparazzi things like that to give you a little bit of razzled Dazzle so for me the gvm's really Chang the game for me uh not only just from the uh functionality standpoint but just from the price point as well too they hit a sweet spot they hit both Dynamics for me personally uh they give me the flexibility and the looks that I'm going for uh from soft lighting to hard harsh you know spotlights things like that and then just the RGB panels are just unreal you can do so much with these things everybody stresses out about gear they're looking at lenses they're looking at cameras they're looking at all these things and they essentially all Bo boil down to one thing that camera no matter what it is that lens no matter what it is is going to function on the highest level that it can if the lighting is proper if you're not stressing out the sensor because the camera's open all the way up or the iso's on 10 zillion you're just going to get a better image overall and you're going to get a better product big shouts out to gvm appreciate them sending over the package I got all the different lighting setups take a look at the BTS of me and Corey we did a lot of different lighting setups in here from tight d dyamics to big huge rooms to sweeping light shots and please please by all means take what I've done in my lighting setups and recreate them yourselves yo this Philly that's Philly facts let's get it make sure to click my link below for 10% off either the Pro SD 650b or the Yu 300r

  Top Comments:
  1. @EDJK [1 likes]: appreciate THIS information big time big bro I have 4 lights one of em cost $600 it’s a Nanlite that came w some extra stuff n im like “what do I do w em”
  2. @LovensPresume [1 likes]: Speaking the truth! For anyone that's following the journey can see the progression in your work ✨
  3. @willim8746 [1 likes]: Been on a lighting kick myself in the last couple of years. I agree super important to get it right and the results are amazing when your lit up properly. Great advice keep dropping them gems!!!
  4. @mr.millions8462 [1 likes]: Werd always putting me on
  5. @frankforbezfilms-re1lv [1 likes]: Yup that’s was 🔥🔥🔥🔥💯💯💯💯💪🏾 #noted
  6. @Msladyinc [1 likes]: Love the new VLOG! You better!! 💪🏾🔥 #MilwaukeeProud

- Better Lighting for Your Videos: Flags, Bounce, Diffusion: Kind: captions Language: en in this episode we're going to talk about some tools you can use to shape your light now when you're shooting a video you can plop a light down in front of your subject with a soft box and call it good and that can work and if you're in a room where you already have some existing light you could maybe make something that looks pretty good but it can often be a little bit flat so there are some things you can do to add a little bit more dimension to your lighting of course that's using additional light so for example here we have a light that's on the backdrop there a little slash of light using barn doors a very hard light with an aperture 120d but you can also do other things we've got a rim light that's kind of wrapping around the side of my face here which adds more dimension to the overall shot versus again just a soft box looks kind of flat now it's 20 20. there have been a ton of new camera announcements i'm here as your friend to share with you some tough love if you are considering buying a new camera i would ask you to first consider are you working with like two or three maybe three crappy little 12 dollar light stands if so you probably want to reevaluate where you're spending your money you probably don't need that new camera if you've got something that's already you know less than three years old as far as cameras are concerned you really probably should start investing a little bit more in your lights and your light shaping tools and your grip gear too the stuff that holds the so let's talk about some of these tools for shaping the light obviously you need stands and if you're going to be using some of the things we talked about today flags bounce boards diffusion you're going to need things to hold those in place as well so it's worth investing in some stands and you don't have to go and get 64 century stands or c stands you can do with less than that and you don't have to get c stands necessarily in fact let me just talk about a few things here and then we'll talk about ways to rig them up so first of all is diffusion diffusion is what you use to soften the light and usually for a key light on a talking head video or an interview you want a relatively soft light so we're using here an aperture 300x in an aperture light dome 2 softbox and that's our key light that's the thing that's lighting the majority of my face here the idea is that it wraps around the face a little bit creates some modeling gives your face a little bit more shape and you want to experiment with that angle that you're using for the key light because it can really kind of change the way that the light falls across your face and what looks looks best for any particular face so you really have to experiment with that move it around a little bit move it up a little bit move it down a little bit you generally want it a little bit above looking down at the top the subject that's just kind of as humans how we expect light to come from above a little bit but uh experiment with what looks best for your particular subject now diffusion i want to talk about that you can use a soft box you can use other things to diffuse here for example we have a little diffusion panel that's made by a company called smart flags and i'll talk more about those in a minute but the idea is to soften the light first let me define soft light soft light is light where the transition from light to shadow has a little bit of a transition it's not super duper abrupt hard light has a super abrupt change from shadow to light so there's usually a little bit more of a gradient with soft light and it wraps around people's faces or other objects so that's a definition of soft light now to make soft light you don't just need diffusion what you really need is diffusion relatively close to the subject so the the larger the size of whatever is emitting the light is to your subject the softer the light will be so for example this soft box here is about i would say almost a meter across roughly and it's about a meter and a half from me so that's just one example of how to get soft light now so your kind of your tools here are first of all diffusion but also getting that diffusion closer and the size of the diffusion the area of the diffusion is what defines how soft the light will be so you can move your light in and out you can move you're just fusion closer just barely out of frame can make a really nice soft light as well so keep that in mind diffusion soft light another way to soften the light is to actually bounce it off of something that will reflect the light back on your subject and so here for example is a bounce board it's just a white piece of i think they call this chloroplast this will just bounce the light back at your subject now again the bounce board becomes the light source and the size of that bounce board and how close it is to your subject defines how soft it'll be i like to use bounce a lot if i'm going to do some fill so for example if something's just looking a little too contrasty i will use that near the camera and i'll use one of these bounce boards like this shoot a led panel light up into it and then the bounce board reflects that or reflects that and brings it back in to fill in the shadows on the subject i like to put it close to the camera because that prevents you from getting any sort of double shadow issues it just brings up the shadows a little bit instead of creating another light source that's competing with the key light and sometimes you get these kind of unusual double shadows so obviously the fill light that you're bouncing off at that board typically you're going to want that to be less intense than the key light obviously so once you put that near the camera it does a really nice job of bringing that ambient level up of all those shadows now another thing you can do to add interest is with the position of the light if i'm doing an interview where the the subject is looking off camera a little bit i like to put the light on the opposite side of the talent from the camera because it just looks more interesting and that can be something that can be a really useful tool so keep that in mind if you are doing that type of subject looking off camera type of interview that can be a really effective look now another important thing is you need to sometimes block light prevent it from going places you do not want it in this particular case i'm using a soft box with a grid on it and that grid keeps the light from spilling everywhere in this particular shot i'm using an led panel light which basically throws light everywhere but what i've done instead is i'm shooting the light first of all through a piece of diffusion and secondly i'm using a flag to prevent it from falling on the background and the reason i don't want it to fall in the background is because i want this slash of light with the dark to kind of be the prominent layer in the back to add that dimension there so if you don't use the flag this is what it looks like and if you do use the flag you get a more contrasty background which in this particular case is what i wanted now there are a bunch of companies out there that make gear like this bounce boards flags diffusion things like that for a lot of us for example a corporate video shooter and i have to move everything around myself i don't necessarily want to bring the really big stuff i don't want to bring a 4x4 necessarily i don't need a 4x4 in fact in a lot of the rooms that i'm shooting at the offices i can't fit a 4x4 so i want something smaller than that and so one thing to consider these super flags here this is from my friend his name is cameron randall he lives here in utah nearby he's actually been prototyping these he gave me these a couple almost two years ago now and i've been working with him he's been working on the prototypes working on the materials and kind of refining it a little over time but they're relatively inexpensive and what's cool about them too is you can use these little grip heads that fit on any sort of light stand so you don't have to have a c-stand you can put them on the lighter weight portable light stands and then that allows you to position your flags and your diffusion and your bounce boards in any way you need to so that's one of the other things about these tools flags diffusion and bounce is you really have to position them just right it takes a lot of finessing to get the look you want exactly and so having a grip head really makes that a lot easier and especially a grip head that you can put on a lightweight stand now if you don't want to do that you can always just use poster board or foam core board that you can buy pretty much at any art supply store craft store and what this allows you to do these are really good for bounce boards i cannot you can also get black ones that make really nice negative fill negative fill is another thing so just like the flag here you can put negative fill on the side of somebody here if you want to pull the shadows down a little bit it actually it actually makes it so there's less light on that side of their face so if you are having a you know shooting in a place where there's lots of light and you want to pull it down on one side you can use that black poster border foam core to do that of course you can buy the white poster board or foam core to bounce the light those are a little bit more difficult to position because you can't really i mean they're not just raw they're you can't use them with a grip head but you can just hang them from a light stand if you need to do that so that's a good way to do it on the cheap another thing i really like is coming from a photography background those five in one photography reflectors in the middle of them in addition to using them as a reflector and a balance board in the middle they have a scrim which is basically some really nice diffusion so i've used that a lot for my key lights to shoot the key light through this diffusion and it just makes a beautiful beautiful key light very soft very flattering on most people's faces so there are a few thoughts about how to add a little bit more dimension to your lighting for your videos i hope that was helpful for you if you have any questions go ahead and leave those down below and if you've not already subscribed make sure you do that and we'll be sure to get you more great videos how to improve your lighting and sound for video talk to you soon [Music] you

  Top Comments:
  1. @alloneword154: When you search the website that’s in your description for the ‘super flags’ nothing comes up.
  2. @justinoff1: I'm a DP and gaffer in Los Angeles and can say you make wonderful content. I'm interested in your superflags
  3. @bhanukaran: Hello, May I know what is the website link to Super Flags or so called Smart Flags? Thank you. The link that you have shared does not have any of those products listed.
  4. @jessfilmdiaries: What size flag are you typically using at  client offices?
  5. @yukmenjahityuk1425: Thanks a lot
  6. @vanzetti7: Thanks so much as always some great tips there. Just getting into bounce lighting myself after years of just aiming an LED panel at the subject. I like the 'book lighting' technique where you bounce the light and the bounce goes through a diffuser. Photographer's use deep umbrellas I don't get why we can't just use the umbrellas as our main light as well as oppose to soft boxes all the time.
  7. @danstrick3314: Very helpful!
  8. @dymonmein: 7:36 is that a 3D printed gobo head? (The blue one)
  9. @saifcode007: Hello, another quick question. I don’t have diffusing material in my city, can use suggest which type of clothes or ordinary papers can be used as diffusion materials ?
  10. @gregohb: great video! very useful. Your buddy does not seem to sell the corrugated plastic flags any more - his website is kinda dead. But these can probably be home made anyway.
  11. @ignited_productions: Always great video. Thanks a lot!!
  12. @SolariStreams: I've watched so many videos on the topic of lighting, but somehow only your explanation helped me finally achieve the look I have always wanted for my videos. Thank you!
  13. @engagementSquared: Can you help me understand your set up? On your main (intro, middle, ending) setup, looks like key light is on your right and angled so doesn't spill on wall behind you. Is that correct so far?

But how did you create the nice catchlight in your eyes without the catchlight light spilling onto the dark background? Looks like catchlight is right in front of you but somehow did not spill behind you.
  14. @John-e4p1x: 5:10 what sound blankets are those.
  15. @claraschonthaler2715: Why is there more background spill at 6:03 when all you did was putting the key to the side of the camera? I thought all it would do would be to just swap the dark with the bright side of the face?
  16. @DanielSRosehill: Legendary great info as always. Many thanks!
  17. @BryceKoebel: This is incredible helpful! It really show's how much experience and knowledge you have.
  18. @scottnathanphoto: Nice work.
  19. @TheUnNoticedEntrepreneur: Thank you Curtis.
  20. @matteominasi1: So can a white bounce always double as diffuser? I found that a bit counterintuitive...

- Comparing Focal Lengths for Talking Head Videos: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] all right so today we're going to take a look at different focal lengths as you saw from the introduction it looked like my face was changing shape and all I was doing was changing my focal length I started from a wide angle to a very narrow I think that's the word narrow um but I'm going to show you how I was able to achieve different looks and the purpose with this video is so you become aware that you evoke a different emotion depending on what you're using now what you're seeing right now this is a 16 mm um well it's a kit lens on the Sony a6300 but I'm using 16 mm focal length uh since this camera is a what do you call it an has an apsc sensor there's a crop factor of 1.5 so essentially a 16 mm becomes a 24 mm um but again the camera is really close to me is about a foot away and usually this is what people use for vlogging because you want to focus on your face and you want the camera to be up close if you're using a mic um so there's different purposes for different focal lengths with wider focal lengths like this one you can capture a lot more of the room and so you don't need a whole lot of space to film yourself which is great if you only have a small room or or you're in a tight spot so every focal length has its use and it'll uh achieve a different look so let's take a look at the next one which you're looking at right now this is the 28 mm focal length which is an equivalent of about 42 mm uh now I had to back up the camera just slightly uh but now you can see less of the background if you think of our eyes like uh lenses our eyes have a 50 mm focal length approximately so this is a little bit more natural to the eye I don't know if you can tell but it feels like my face got filled up with a little bit of air and it expanded a little bit so what you're looking at right now this is the 50 mm focal length which is an equivalent of 75 mm uh this is my favorite one if you've ever watched any of my videos this is what I use all the time if you're doing any kind of corporate work or you're trying to make your video look more professional then 50 mm is a great focal length take in mind that with the 50 mm you also need more space because the camera needs to be further away from you with the 16 mm uh the camera was closer to me so I need less space uh to film so make sure you have the space if you're going to use this lens okay so what you're seeing right now this is the 75 mm focal length I'm actually using a zoom lens that goes from 75 to 205 from Vivitar this is a Vivitar lens but zoom lenses are heavy heavy this is why I end up not using this because it puts a lot of strain on my adapter um but again it makes the your face look better this is what uh photographers use most of the time they use uh 75 M millimeter lenses and above uh just because it it improves the Fatal features I just wanted to give you a quick comparison of the different focal lengths because depending on what you use you're going to achieve a different result you're going to invoke a different emotion from the viewer so you have to be conscious of what you're going for as you saw you use a wider focal length it's more comical more personal um or if you want something more corporate looking or more professional then use uh something like a 50 or 75 mm uh again if you have any questions or if I forgot to mention anything go ahead and ask away in the comment section and I'll try to get to the those questions as best I can I want to thank you for watching and I'll see you on the next one

  Top Comments:
  1. @ElBoyoElectronico [2 likes]: I have been looking for exactly this kind of information for ages. Thank you
  2. @animeshdixit8955 [1 likes]: How many ft. further away from yourself did you have to keep the camera when it was attached to a 50mm lens(75mm because of the crop factor)?
  3. @alaminserifsarkar02 [1 likes]: If i use 50 mm lens for talking head videos what should the minimum and maximum distance between me and camera?
  4. @youngodyssey16 [1 likes]: Nice video around 2:45 you talked about the 50mm lens and space, how many feets was the lens away from you 5ft or 6ft
  5. @RobZelinka: When using the 50MM lens, how far away from you was the camera?
  6. @fabricioface: Lighting is the worst in whole YouTube
  7. @mattcero1: Great video man but it's confusing when you say "focal length". Consider saying "focal length equivalent" and how it corresponds to your sensor. Thank you.
  8. @kipling1957: All of this is meaningless unless you specify the sensor size.
  9. @AlGollas: Marcos will a 50mm work in a 10 feet by 10 feet room? So in essence, your favorite is a 50mm lens but displays a 75mm focal length with the crop factor, correct?
  10. @alyzaynulabideen345: Nice
  11. @lotpoti5633: Short and on point! Noice!
  12. @Luno_and_Lamont: So how do you (if possible) show more of the scene and it ACTUALLY look good?? At what point does it look good to actually show the rest of the body? Been trying to figure this out forever but perhaps I  just can't because I don't have a lens with a focal length below 28mm?? Thanks to anyone who sees this and replies!
  13. @SebThrows: I know this video was from a while ago, but about how far away were you from your camera at the 50mm?
  14. @DanboxingPH: Hey, man! Great video! Been thinking of doing one as well.
  15. @freddymiguelponce: Great video Marcos!... Thank you!
One question please. If i buy a Canon RP with a 50mm for talking head, how far should i put the camera?
Thanks in advance and sorry for my Egnlish; i'm still learning
  16. @danzbeard: excellent points, thank you
  17. @paulhetherington3854: And your, grammar-- is wishful. Those aren't legal-- clear unobstructed view-- fractions.
  18. @cihandundar2731: are you sure that you shot this video on the a6300 kit lens, because there is a good amount shallow depth of field? )))
  19. @mitigo: If you never changed distance, but cropped in each shot accordingly to match, they would be the same. It's all a matter of distance to subject
  20. @crazyjack2019: Tremendously helpful. You're a life saver good sir!

- Roger Deakins on How to Choose a Camera Lens — Cinematography Techniques Ep. 8: Kind: captions Language: en-US One thing about lens choices it's sort of psychological. How do you want the audience to feel? What's their perspective on the<br>image you're showing them? What's the effect you want<br>to create for the audience. And then language is not something<br>written down by filmmakers. It's something experienced in the world<br>by us as we translate what we see. "- Get busy living.<br>Or get busy dying." Cinematography Techniques<br>- Intro Music I always liked primes<br>'cause I like the fact that it forces you<br>to make a decision where you're going<br>to put the camera and what lens are you<br>going to put it on. Very few films were really gone outside<br>the sort of palette of lenses I know I would normally use. Standardly, I would kind of like an<br>over-the-shoulder would be a 32 or 35. A mid-shot would be 35 or 40. Standard close up where<br>it would be a 50. And a big close up<br>would be a 65 or 75. A lot of people<br>shoot a lot longer. A lot of people<br>shoot a lot wider. I'm looking at Chivo and shooting "The<br>Revenant" on a 12 mil and a 14 mil. I tend to usually have a zoom<br>lens in my package on a film, but then sometimes you want a<br>particular shot that is a zoom shot. It's such a sloppy thing<br>to say, oh, well, we'll just<br>put it on a zoom, so we don't have to move the camera,<br>we can go in for a close up. "- Relationships never work. Why waste my time? - What makes you say that? - It's not that easy, Johny. - Well, you should<br>be happy, Mark. - Yeah, I know life<br>is too short." - You've gone in on a hundred mil<br>on a zoom to shoot a close up instead of moving the camera<br>into somebody on a 50 mil. But then that all balances out with<br>what's the perspective of the film. If the film is from one character's<br>perspective, for instance, you want to shoot them<br>on the wider lens. If the person they're talking<br>to is not the main character you don't want them to feature<br>so much, then maybe you shoot<br>them on a longer lens. So they feel like it's more from the<br>perspective of your main character. "- Hey.<br> You've been getting<br>on fine without one. - What's that matter? - A soul." - "1917" - we had to use one lens. We had to use one lens<br>because it was one shot. We are very thankful<br>for this camera. Thank you very much. And so we deliberately<br>didn't do a wide lens. We didn't want that feeling<br>of seeing the whole world. I made a long discussion<br>with Sam about how we were going<br>to narrow it down and actually use it so there was<br>slightly less depth of field. We didn't see around<br>the characters. So we basically ended<br>up shooting on a 40, which was equivalent<br>of maybe 42. So we acted like a wider lens. But you still have that sense of<br>slightly focused on the character where they'll drop off<br>onto the backgrounds. "- Move off!" So many films now<br>it's about coverage. "- Just photograph everything". - But those films that we really<br>like, those classic films weren't. John Ford never shot coverage. He shot the shot he<br>wanted, you know. He tracked out the door with John<br>Wayne into a wide emptiness. That was very specific. Obviously, they didn't have<br>the technology we have now. They don't have the way of<br>moving the camera we have now, but look what they created. Real stories with<br>human emotions. Anytime, I talked to a director<br>I haven't worked with and I get approached<br>about shooting a film. I say, well, how do<br>you like to shoot? Do you like zoom lenses? Do you like multiple cameras? I remember discussing<br>with Joel and Ethan "The Hudsucker Proxy" was<br>quite a stylized film. It was quite exuberant<br>in the camera moves. There was quite a lot<br>of wide lens work. Deliberately for the reason to<br>make the camera feel active and make a lot of the spaces<br>seem bigger than they were. Everything wanted to be slightly<br>larger than life in a way. And then when that film<br>didn't do so out of the box they decided to do "Fargo", which is<br>something they had in mind for a long time. And it was very low<br>budget. "- So we got a trooper<br>pulls someone over. We got a shooting. These folks drive by. There's a high-speed pursuit.<br>Ends here. And there's this<br>execution-type deal. - Yeah." - The thing about the lenses was they<br>wanted the feeling of it being almost like a documentary reconstruction<br>of something, you know, true event. So we talked about shooting<br>that slightly longer lenses. We didn't always<br>shoot on a 40 or 50 mil. But it was slightly longer lenses<br>than it had been on "The Hudsucker". 35 or 40 mils was more standard for us. "- So where are you girls from? - Chaska.<br>- Le Sueur. - But I went to high<br>school in White Bear Lake. Go Bears. - Oh, yeah?<br>- Yeah. Yeah, is that useful to you? - You betcha. Yeah. - When I was shooting documentaries<br>I used to shoot on a 60 mil. I just shoot on a 59<br>to 57 short zoom, which is a great little lens. But then when I started doing drama,<br>I moved to shooting on prime lenses. One of the first films I<br>did was a super 16 film. And I took a load of<br>contact stills lenses and had them adapted to work<br>with an AATON 16 mil camera to just to get the best<br>quality image I could. I don't like artifacts. I don't like flares. I don't like vignetting. If I want to destroy the<br>image or create a vignette, I'll do it as a particular effect<br>with a particular lens on Jesse James. Years and years ago, I was doing<br>an effect in a cinema short it was. And I wanted a sudden vignetting<br>effects and I had an old stills lens. So I took the front element of and put it in<br>front of a standard 50 mil lens for 35 mil film camera. And just play with the distance and stuff away<br>from the lens to get that sort of effect. So when we did "Jesse James",<br>that's why I talked to Otto Nemenz about manufacturing something<br>similar in that idea. One of the other aspects of a<br>lens I don't like is breathing. When you pull focus. I've kind of done a lot of films, like "Blade<br>Runner", where you're not moving the camera and the film plays<br>on a long shot. Held over quite a<br>lot of the action. And there's nothing worse if you're pulling focus and suddenly the<br>whole edge of the frame is swimming. Without being a salesman for<br>ARRI and master primes. You do not see them move. "- Where the hell have you been?<br>- Enjoying death." That's the lens choices, the frame<br>it's what's in the frame, the balance of the frame, whether<br>it's a formal symmetrical frame, whether it's off-balance. It's such a complex palette<br>that you've got to play with. Colors, light. That's what's wonderful<br>about it really.

  Top Comments:
  1. @StudioBinder [38 likes]: Download FREE "Camera Lenses" eBook ►► https://bit.ly/cam-lenses-ebook-vol1
Chapters:
Intro - 00:00
Chapter 1: Primes and Zooms - 00:39
Chapter 2: Lensing With Intention - 03:41
Chapter 3: Experimenting With Light - 06:39
Designing the Deakinizer - 07:36
Wrap Up - 09:23
  2. @BlameItOnLeif [1 likes]: Wonderful content. 🫠
  3. @JWS1968 [1 likes]: So basically specialty shots super wide 24mm or wider, 35mm for a standard mid shot, 50mm a standard close up (close mid) then your longer lenses 65mm and 75mm for head shots and maybe 100mm and longer for more specialty shots like extreme close ups and macro. There are always outliers but that's probably a good rule of thumb.
  4. @mykal92684: this is like the 4th or 5th film maker that said he doesn't like focus breathing. i don't mind it. I've noticed it in some movies and it doesn't really bother me, and i can't quite figure out why it would bother someone. roger for example, just based on what he said he likes, just from what i gather. he doesn't want anything more than what a lens provides, like no vinette, no breathing, no zoom. to me it just seems like it's kind of i'm stuck in my own way, not that it's a bad thing. i'm just starting to learn all of this stuff and some things seem so minor but these guys have made some brilliant movies so there's that. lol. but that's also the beaty in being different, right. i'm on my lenses deep dive and learning how to shoot with my camera.
  5. @dabzvapelord: So interesting to really love a person’s work but disagree with a few of his takes on the natures of lenses
  6. @palshagreenfoundation6051: nice
  7. @TamimMondol-l2b6u: Nice
  8. @lasvegasvegas4236: Hudsucker Proxy is an excellent movie.  My first Deakins film.  Awesome camera work.
  9. @ohnezuckerohnefett: I loved Bill Hader in Dr. Schiwago sooo much.😂
  10. @kane01337: Brilliant video. Deakins truly is a Master of Imagery.
  11. @MetalDEmpire: whelp. content isnt available for some reason.

Edit: nevermind. its just youtube taking even more pathetic drastic measures to push people to stop using adblockers.
  12. @steveurmah: Thank you, Sensei. I learned a lot.
  13. @muhazreen: Are these lens use on super 35 ? or Fullframe?
because full frame user gonna need to consider crop factor
  14. @wellingtonnickles7560: Anyone else find it ironic the video pokes fun at Wiseau at 1:35 but Deakins literally quotes Johnny at 4:33
  15. @ScoutFPV: So much to learn is such little time.
  16. @mduoba: Are all the lens focal lengths for super 35? 
I’m too used to thinking about full frame equivalents.
  17. @vivianvaldi7871: Unhuman emotions... An let's not forget high speed persiut that ends very well.
Usual cow. I don't like that.
  18. @gabagoolbababooey: 2:09 that is absolute genius. i had never considered this
  19. @michaelfrymus: Is he talking about S35, or in terms of FF lenses in the beginning??
  20. @maximusaugustus6823: Oh Hi Mark.

- Camera Lenses Explained: What Every Beginner NEEDS to Know: Kind: captions Language: en so camera lenses can be super confusing at first like what do all of these numbers mean on the lens what's the best lens for beginners which one should you choose if you're a photographer or you're into video there's lots of questions so in this video let's break down everything there is to know about lenses for beginners you got to just press record so starting off what does a lens even do well a camera lens allows light to pass through different pieces of glass called lens elements and these elements are designed to bend light to focus the light on hitting your camera sensor at a particular spot thus creating your image so without a lens your DSLR or mirorless camera is practically useless now all cameras leverage a specific mounting system to attach your lens to your camera body and each brand is going to have its own lens mounting system so Sony right here uses the e-mount system so these cameras can only take lenses that are made for the e-mount and this is whether or not you're buying a Sony branded lens or thirdparty lenses from companies like Tamron Sigma or here's a VT lens right here and it's an e-mount lens so I can screw this directly on to a Sony e-mount camera and it works just fine now what's weird is a company like Canon for their older dslrs use the EF Mount while their newer line of mirrorless cameras use the RF Mount so even within the same camera company there's sometimes different mounts that these cameras use so you have to make sure that you purchase the right lens for the right camera there are some lens mount converters out there but there are quite a few trade-offs when you start trying to like put a Canon lens on a Sony body and stuff so I would typically steer clear of that and just purchase the appropriate lens for your camera type now one of the most important factors for any lens is its focal length and every lens has a focal length that's expressed in millimeters and you'll see this on the lens as mm you might see 20 millim or 50 mm or even a range like 70 to 200 millim these are all different focal lengths now focal lengths are important for a few different reasons and the first is that it determines your field of view otherwise known as f V so this is how much of your scene is going to be captured how wide is your shot going to be or how tight will your shot be focal lengths with a wider fov are things like 11 mm 16 mm and 20 mm and these are great for showcasing wide scenes like Landscapes or buildings or even recording in smaller Studio spaces like I'm in right now I'm actually using a 20 mm lens in my loft Studio space now focal lengths with a medium field of view are things like 35 mm or 5050 or 70 mm and these are great for everyday shooting and just filling a variety of needs and then focal lengths with a tighter field of view are things like 85 mm or 105 or 200 mm and Beyond these are known as telephoto lenses and these are great for capturing subjects that are further away from your camera like Wildlife photography or Sports content or concerts and more so that's how your focal length affects your different fields of view now focal link will also determine your lens compression and compression is the effect where objects in the background appear to almost be closer to your subject when you're using longer focal lengths like telephoto lenses and this happens because Tel photo lenses narrow your field of view like we talked about but they also magnify distant objects and they make the background seem larger and closer to your subject than a wide angle lens would so just know that when you use a longer focal length your image is going to look more compressed now the third main factor that focal length affects is lens Distortion and wider focal lengths will tend to be a little bit more distorted and they're going to make the world seem almost like stretched out or expanded sometimes even straight lines like buildings are going to start looking curved with these wider focal lengths and then tighter focal lengths on the other hand tend to minimize Distortion keeping lines more straight and overall your image will just look more natural when you use these tighter lenses now all lenses fall under two different categories you have prime lenses and you have zoom lenses and prime lenses have a fixed focal length so their focal lengths cannot be changed so a 50 mm lens like this is only going to give you that 50 m field of view and if you want to get closer or even wider from your subject you have to physically move your camera to recompose your image they also usually have fewer elements inside of them and usually can produce sharper images than zoom lenses and finally they also usually have the ability to have a wider open aperture value for shooting in low light situations and just getting a shallower depth of field now zoom lenses on the other hand can vary their focal length by adjusting different lens elements with zoom so a common Zoom range with a zoom lens would be something like this this is a 24 to 70 Zoom or you might see a 70 to 200 telephoto lens but there's a wide range of zoom lenses out there zoom lenses are certainly more versatile than prime lenses for quickly getting different types of shots like wides mids and tights but these lenses are also often less sharp than prime lenses because they have more elements and more complexity to them they also often have an aperture that doesn't open as wide as a prime lens does and it's common to see a maximum aperture on a zoom lens be f2.8 or 3.5 or F4 which will just let in a little bit less light is one of these style of lenses better than the other well not really it kind of just depends on what you're going for if you want the sharpest possible results then you probably would need to use a prime lens if you want more versatility and you're more on the go and you need to recompose different kinds of shots quickly then You' go for a zoom lens it all just kind of depends on your specific needs and your needs might change depending on what you're shooting now let's talk about aperture and aperture controls how much light enters your camera through the lens and also affects your depth of field and measured in what's called f stops like f1.8 or F16 and you'll typically see these f- stop values actually on your lens most of the time a lower f-stop number like f1.8 creates a really wide aperture opening which lets in a ton of light for your camera sensor which particularly can help in lower light situations and an aperture of 1.8 is also going to produce a really shallow depth of field so this is going to give you that really nice blurry background for beautiful looking shots it's great for isolating a subject from the background or for YouTube videos like this one right here or even doing product b-roll in photography getting that shallow depth of field is a really sought after look now a higher f-stop number like F16 actually creates a really small aperture opening on your lens and that's going to let in less light so this can actually be helpful on bright sunny days to cut out light from hitting your sensor so you can actually get correct exposure if it's too bright outside but this is also going to produce a wider depth of field so it's going to keep keep more of your scene in Focus this can be really helpful for shooting landscape photography or video or really just any situation in which you want more of your frame in Focus now lenses can either have a constant aperture or a variable aperture now constant aperture lenses will apply to all prime lenses as well as more expensive lenses that are designed so that when you zoom in your aperture isn't going to change values at all but variable aperture lenses on the other hand change their aperture as you zoom into tighter focal lengths and this is especially common on the standard kit lenses that are shipped with most of these cameras because it's just more affordable to make lenses in this fashion so as you check out this kit lens that I put on my Sony camera as you zoom in from 18 millim to 55 millim my aperture is actually going to automatically stop down from 3.5 to 5.6 which reduces the amount of light hitting my sensor so it's really important to know whether your lens has a constant aperture or not because it actually is going to affect the rest of your camera settings now let's talk about the difference between a fullframe lens and an apsc or crop sensor lens so some lenses are designed to work with a larger sensor like a fullframe sensor and then others are designed to work with smaller apsc crop sensor format cameras and what's really key about this distinction is that when you're using an apsc camera regardless of the lens you put on it whether it's a fullframe design lens or an apsc your effective field of view is actually going to change because of the size of the sensor so this is known as crop factor maybe you've heard this phrase before which refers to the multiplier that you'll add to whatever lens you're shooting on when you're using an apsc camera now if that confuses you you're not alone let's break it down really simply so take this 20 mm lens for example on a full-frame camera this 20 mm lens would give you a true 20 mm field of view makes sense right it's 20 millim it should be 20 but when you put the same lens on a crop sensor camera you're going to multiply the focal length by 1.5x and that will be the case on Sony and Nikon and Fuji and most of the Brands except for Canon which Canon is weird and you would multiply it by 1.6 times on all of Canon's cameras so that means by putting a 20 mm lens on a apsc camera you're actually getting a 30 mm field of view because of the difference in sensor size so the main takeaway here is if you like the wide field of view you get when you're shooting on a fullframe camera if you want that same field of view you're going to have to shoot on even wider lenses on apsc so something like 10 mm or 16 mm is going to get you that wider look when you're shooting on crop sensor cameras what's also interesting is I shoot on Sony cameras and you can actually place any fullframe lens on a crop sensor camera and it's going to work just fine but when I put an apsc lens on my fullframe camera you can see quite a bit of vetting around the edges because that lens isn't designed to shoot with such a large sensor so you're going to get some vignetting when you do that most full-frame cameras do actually have an apsc crop mode that you can turn the camera into and now you're able to use apsc lenses more effectively and if any of that just confused you please drop a comment down below and we be sure to help you out all righty so now we're going to talk about all things focusing starting with autofocus versus manual focus so not every lens is going to have autofocus especially really large Cinema lenses or even older vintage lenses maybe you have like a film camera that you're adapting the lens from that lens might not have autofocus nowadays though most lenses actually do have autofocus capabilities so you don't have to manual focus your lenses most of the time you're going to use autofocus for recording video or taking photos but sometimes manually focusing your lens is nice because it can ensure that your focus position is not going to change no matter what is happening in your camera frame I actually use manual focus probably on like a weekly basis when I'm recording b-roll because there are times where I feel like my camera's autofocus is almost too fast or too Snappy and sometimes swapping into manual focus can just give me more control over what my focus is doing there's also something called minimum focusing distance and every lens has a closest distance that it's able to focus on and if your subject is closer than this minimum focusing distance your camera won't be able to focus on that subject anymore so for example this 24 to70 soning lens has a minimum Focus distance of 0.38 M or 1.25 ft so you'll see this number on your lens most of the time so in order for this lens to be in Focus I have to be a minimum of 1.25 ft away in order for it to actually hit Focus so just take a look at whatever lens you have and check out its minimum focusing distance and if you need a lens that is able to focus really close on a subject then you're going to want to look at what is called a macro lens to get those really close detail shots and the last Focus thing I'll talk about is focus breathing so some lenses especially ones that are a little bit more cheaply made experience what's called Focus breathing and this is kind of a slight change in a lens's field of view when you change your focus position so as you shift between really close and far subjects your frame almost might look like it's subtly zooming in or out which can be kind of confusing if you don't know what's going on while it's probably the focus breathing happening with your lens it's especially noticeable when you're recording video and it can actually be pretty distracting to the viewer so ideally you want to minimize this if you can some cameras like my Sony a74 for example have a setting called Focus breathing compensation where it will use software to correct for some of that Focus breathing which is actually a pretty cool setting and you can turn that on if your camera has it otherwise if you're using a lens that has really bad Focus breathing you can swap it into manual focus and that will eliminate Focus breathing entirely so those are a few really important focusing features you need to know about your camera lens now in terms of getting stable footage or photos some lenses actually feature lens stabilization which can help reduce vibrations and micro Jitters that you get when operating a camera so this can be especially helpful when you're shooting handheld and you just want to still have decently smooth footage some lenses actually even have a physical switch where you can turn lens stabilization on and off really quickly if you don't want to use it which is pretty neat and an important note here is that not every lens features lens stabilization and you will usually have to pay a little bit more money when buying a lens that has this feature and just so you know lens stabilization is different from Ibis or inbody image stabilization on your camera so you actually can have one without the other your lens might have stabilization but your camera doesn't have inbody stabilization and vice versa or you can sometimes have both and that's going to give you super stable footage now most lenses will also come with a lens Hood which will screw on to the front of your lens to block out unwanted light from hitting your camera sensor so this actually can be really helpful if you are recording outdoors and the sun is shining really brightly and maybe coming towards your lens sometimes that can produce an unwanted camera flare so screwing on your lens Hood can really help with that also on the front of your camera lens are some threads so you can screw on filters to your lens so on your lens usually you will see a logo indicating the thread size of the lens that you're using so this number right here say 82 means that you'll need to purchase an 82 mm filter to attach to this lens there are also things called Step Up or step down rings that allow you to convert the thread size of your lens to a higher or lower number so that you can actually use different size filters with your lens this is actually a little hack that I use sometimes if I only want to buy one specific filter and I don't want to buy that one filter for every size lens that I have then I'll just buy some step down rings and adapt the filter to my smaller lenses and this saves me money which I love saving money so that's how thread sizes work we'll link some filters and step up rings down in the description below so with all of this information what is a lens that you might want to pick up first well typically the easiest lens to get as your first lens would be a kit lens these are typically the lenses that are shipped with these different camera bodies and they're usually pretty cheap you can get them for about $100 maybe $150 add-on to your camera when you purchase it and that's a pretty good starting point if you're ready to upgrade your lenses a little bit and you're on the apsc format the two lenses that I'd recommend you look at first are the sigma 16 mm f1.4 lens which is a beautiful lens that'll let in a bunch of light for shooting in lower light situations and also with that lower aperture value is going to give you a really shallow depth of field for beautiful looking shots there's also the Sigma 18 to 50 mm f2.8 lens and that Conant 2.8 aperture is going to be really helpful for not having to change your exposure so much when you're zooming in and out and that 18 to 50 mm range will be a really versatile option for the apsc format if you're on fullframe camera systems one of my favorite lenses is this vro 20 mm f2.8 fullframe lens it's super budget as well it's like $158 or $170 depending on when you buy it it's really budget friendly and honestly optically it looks pretty solid I also love the Tamron 28 to 75 which is very similar to the Sigma because it has a constant 2.8 aperture and it's a similar Zoom range on the fullframe format that 28 to 75 will be a really similar field of view to what the Sigma 18 to 50 would be on apsc so those are just a few lens options to get you started if you do want to check out some other lens options I have six of my favorite budget lenses for Sony cameras in this video right here that you can check out on screen and we'll see you in the next one

  Top Comments:
  1. @ThinkMediaTV [21 likes]: Share your dream lens and why! Let us know below! ⬇
⭐Check out our FREE CLASS on 3 Secrets for Growing Your YouTube Channel in 2025 here!: http://ThinkMasterclass.com
📈 Want to break through on YouTube? Join our FREE 3-Day YouTube Growth Sprint for the ultimate plan to start getting views and grow your channel fast! ➡ http://YTSprint.com/
  2. @Smilemiyoue: May 2026. This is a GREAT video by the way. thank you for the learning.
  3. @L.Ron.Hoyabembe: 3:07 will it do this even in spite of both lenses being the same aperture?  If you had let's say a 50mm 1.4 and 85mm 1.4, both set to the same F stop, would the 85 still compress it more?
  4. @turhantarcin1638: Really concise, informative and up to the point. Great video. Thanks a lot.
  5. @ThriftPrayRepeat: I’m brand new to photography and really only got into it for what I do as a side hustle, but I can definitely see myself getting further into it and I’m excited to learn. That being said, I’m having a hard time choosing what lens I will need to shoot mainly clothing for my ebay store. I tend to shoot with my phone within about 4’ from the items. If anybody has some suggestions I’d love to hear it! Thanks!
  6. @CoasterTeaFox: Did you film yourself of a full-frame camera in the studio? 
I know a micro 4/3 sensor is approximately double the FOV for your lens, in contrast of what you will get from a full-frame mirrorless.
  7. @Soul_in_Training: I never knew why my iPhone made my ears disappear a bit. I thought it was due to weight gain and that how I was seeing myself in the mirror was warped. 😅

I’m glad you made this video.
  8. @kingkofi5680: Thank youu
  9. @4rive: im shooting analog and watched this because its still quite interesting but i had to gulp when i heard super budget friendly and 150 at the same time.
  10. @Arkevinic: liked and subbed because of the Salem Oregon street shots.
  11. @donaldzuramp4404: i want to use my camera for my hobby such as taking photos of figurines or diecast cars. What’s the best lens for me
  12. @evelyngarcia2421: THANK YOU, this is the best video I finally understand this!! ❤
  13. @joeybelanger2471: You have more lenses than I do cameras lol. I use a 18-300mm lens from tamron, and I’d like a 400mm-800mm. That would be the perfect duo
  14. @AlexMoralms: Es el mejor canal en todo youtube en lo que se trata de multimedia :D
  15. @a7med7x7: Man, your videos are insanely clean and good, everything is just perfect 👌
  16. @AhmadmusaGarba-x9e: Your videos are always so helpful, thank you!
  17. @Ramuid32343: Po,n industry explained
  18. @jaygrosse8365: What an exceptionally well done teaching video with lots of useful information packed into just a few minutes!  I might add that some lenses have a switch that limits focusing distance, which can be useful to save autofocusing time, for example if you are taking landscape photos and don’t want the camera to waste time looking for close objects.
  19. @Mlars04606: This was suuchhh a good video- thank you!
Just a question on the APS-C lenses vs full frame; woudl you recommend a beginner going with a full frame sensor camera then, as opposed to trying to figure out the conversions with a crop frame sensor?
  20. @DarkGamerA: Best video ,  must watch for beginners

- The Best Lens For Talking Head Video! And it's Cheap!: Kind: captions Language: en following on for my gear guide which hopefully you've downloaded and gone through I just wanted to quickly cover a topic that uh a lot of people at least people getting started to get wrong and end up wasting time and money and that is which lens should you buy now it's not the sexiest topic and I'm going to keep it short but it matters if you really want to we your audience and make more money by using video to sell and promote your products in the guide I did try to give you definitive answers on most of the equipment but there's a couple of areas where I've given you options now I'm fully aware that beginners don't like options they like clear answers like buy this get this model click this change this set to this but the lens you select depends on a a few factors it's a personal choice of how you want to look if you remember in the guide I mentioned three lenses a 60 mil a 23 mil and a 30 mil and in this video I'm going to tell you how to figure out which one is going to be the most suitable few now of course you could just say heck you know what I'll buy all three and great if you can but for those of us that are starting on a budget we want to start making some money before we start spending it so here's what you need to know all the lenses I recommended they've all got a very large aperture which means they can let in a lot of light making it so much easier to shoot high quality video and get that blurred background look if that's what you want you don't have to have the Blurred background look but at least you'll have the option to do that if you like so to demonstrate the different lenses what I've done I've set my camera up on the other side of my desk using my single pole setup which makes it very easy just to move things around and currently I'm shooting on a 30 mil lens and the camera is about 3 ft away that's 90 cm in new money you can see a little bit of my background but I F most of the frame that's what I like it's personal but if I switch to the 16 mil look at that look at how much background you can now see if I wanted to show less background I'd have to move the camera until it was almost in my face seriously I could now have the camera like 12 in from my face and I'd still be in frame with a 60 mil lens so to get anything like a TI of shot like I was getting with a 30 mm I'd have to bring the camera a lot closer the thing is because of how lenses work a wide angled lens it distorts your face and that is another reason why I don't like using wide handle lenses cuz I don't need any help when it comes to looking ugly so camera in the same position let's switch to the 23 mil now with the 23 mil lens I feel more of the frame you can see less background look at the 23 mil as a halfway between the 16 and the 30 mil and just so you can see them side by side to compare you can see there's quite a bit of difference no one lens is actually any better than the other it all depends on your your preference how far you want to be from the camera and how much background you want in the video bottom line if you're still unsure which lens to go for go for the middle ground and get the 23 mil if you've got the space you can then adjust how much background you show you can have more of your body in the shot by just simply moving the camera closer or further away based on the examples that I've given you in this video you should at least have some information now to make an informed decision as to which lens is going to work for you make sure you look out for the next video in which I'm going to give you a little bit more information on selecting which is going to be the best mic for you to use

  Top Comments:
  1. @JoergStarkmuth [2 likes]: Thank you very much! You just forgot to mention whether your examples were made with a full-frame or an APS-C camera, which makes a huge difference ...
  2. @perigosu8449 [1 likes]: why does no one ever specify which camera/sensor they're using? 30mm on a full-frame is not the same as 30mm on an APS-C...
  3. @GolfCoachBuddy [1 likes]: Andrew, thanks for the great video. Your work is very helpful in setting up my studio. Based on this discussion, how do you determine the optimal distance to have the camera from your face? Say the difference between 3 feet versus 2 feet for example?  Thanks.
  4. @mave_jr [1 likes]: Hi sir my studio is 8 feet length and  5 ft width so which lens will be good for video
  5. @mikestewart4733 [1 likes]: Great information Andrew.  I believe you're using a crop sensor camera so for those viewers using full frame cameras that would need to multiply your recommended focal lengths by 1.5.
  6. @ziyingzhouetiquette [1 likes]: Amazing content as always! We are so lucky to have someone like you to share your knowledge with the world 🎉
  7. @GulagInmate1984 [1 likes]: If you were to buy a sony ev10 with the kit lens of 16-50mm, then does this not mean you can zoom in and out with that lens, which means you can choose to shoot at 16mm, 24mm, 30mm, 50mm, etc?

So why would I need to buy another separate 30mm lens, or a 24mm lens? 


Surely since the kit lens has a range from 16-50mm it covers them all?

Or am I misunderstanding something?

Please advise 

Thanks
  8. @VladyslavKL: 🕊
  9. @RobWilliamsGenX: Great video thank you, was going to get a 16m but thinking the 23 might be better!
  10. @dilse1229: For a firs-timer which camera would you recommend for videos.

- Don’t Buy These Lenses Until You Do This!: Kind: captions Language: en don't buy any lens from 16 to 50 mm until you properly measure your space so let's measure this room the distance between me and the camera and see how the image looks with 16 24 35 or 50 mm the size of my room is 11x 9 ft I have the desk positioned in the corner of my room right now to take advantage of the longer diagonal of this small space but because most people keep the desk again against the wall and the camera with a tripod or a stand on the desk I will take the measurements keeping the camera on the desk and ignoring the space behind the camera I use my main camera for toing head videos the Sony Z V10 which is a crop sensor camera the crop factor is 1.5 and I will use the new kit crop lens 16 to 50 mm to demonstrate it remember that if you use a full sensor camera the distances will be different but because the V10 is the most popular camera for for talking head videos I will demonstrate using it to make the best decision for your talking head videos streams courses or online calls you must know some key points before the measurement number one a wider lens like 16 mm will have a bigger Distortion it's not something crazy you're not going to look bad I'm using right now the 16 mm and I happy with the image but compared to 35 mm as an example the image is more distorted and number two with a longer focal distance the blur behind you will be more pronounced even if you use the same aperture learning this clearly the first impulse is to go for a longer lens 35 mm or even 50 mm but what can we do if we don't have enough space this is why you need to see how big the space should be for all these focal distances to make the right decision also I will use a 5.6 for all the shots I want you to see how the frame looks this is not about the differences between apertures that's a subject for another video pay attention just to the framing and the distances this is the most important thing the aperture really depends on your budget you know what actually I will give you at the end some recommendations for all these focal distances to help you choose the best lenses but let's find out which focal distance you can use let's take the first measurement I'm using right now 16 mm to have this nice framing the distance between me and the camera is 2.6 ft and this is what the image looks like and 2.6 ft it's close to the desk and also I will not reposition my entire lighting system when I will go further away from the camera so ignore the lighting differences you will set the lights according to the distance that you will choose let's go to 24 mm this is how the image looks like with 24 mm and to have a good framing I need to take a step back from the camera the distance between me and the camera right now it's 3.7 ft now it's time for one of the most cinematic and popular focal lengths 35 mm I like how the face is looking with 35 mm but to have a good framing I took another step back the now it's 5.2 ft so yes it looks nice but do you have enough space and also there are some disadvantages we are going to talk about them immediately now let's go to 50 mm it's hard for me to make a good framing on this small space with 50 mm on a crop sensor to achieve this framing the distance between me and the camera is 7 ft and I'm also touching the background the image is more cinematic and if I had some space between me and the background everything will look blurry and nice but in an apartment room it's hard to use it now let's talk about the advantages and disadvantages and find the right solution for you and if you find this video useful until now don't forget to press the like button and maybe consider subscribing thank you the 16 mm is my go-to focal distance yes I have a little Distortion but nothing crazy it's wide enough for small rooms and because this camera shoots 4K I can crop the image in post and obtain a 24 or 35 mm look if I want I have many options for a small space and and I'm close to the camera if I want to change some settings use my laptop or my keyboard or stream and need to read the chat this lens is perfect if you have a small space and want to stay close to the camera and be at your desk this is the lens to go with also so many YouTubers are using this lens and this camera so we are used to this image with 24 mm you will have less Distortion and the distance between you and the camera is not that big but it's big enough not to talk watch the desk if you don't have space to put the camera behind it with 35 mm yes you have maybe the most cinematic and good looking framing but on a crop the distance between you and the desk is already Big 5 F feet it's enough to keep you unable to operate the computer or read the chat if you don't have space to put the camera behind the desk at a distance and even if you have that space if you want to change some settings it will be uncomfortable but if you just talk and don't want to operate the computer or read the chat and have enough space yes 35 mm will look awesome just carefully measure the distance and be sure that you have enough space for this one and about 50 mm the distance is big if you like it and have enough space it is cool but you need a big room the majority of Educators talking head creators trainers consultants and teachers don't have big rooms or professional sets to do it this is why I like and try to choose the most versatile lens I want to be able to use it in as many situations as possible and now I have a bonus for you I want to recommend a few lenses for all these focal lens for 16 mm I always recommend Sigma 16 mm f1.4 the image is so sharp I'm using it right now the f1.4 it's incredible for that blur behind you the autofocus is perfect I will add affiliate link in the description for all these lenses if you click on my links you're not going to pay anything extra but I will earn a small commission and this will help me to keep sponsors away from this Channel and create more content like this for you thank you and if you're looking for lenses with f1.4 for crop sensor you can also find from Sigma 23 mm 30 mm and 56 mm take the right measurements and think about everything you are the only one who can decide because you can measure your space but now you know exactly how the image will look for your specific distance but you can choose the perfect lens and create the perfect Framing and still have a bad image if you don't take care of the most important step when it comes to image quality if you shoot in a small space I have a dedicated video where I show you the perfect solution to improve your image quality saving space and money

  Top Comments:
  1. @BronsonOfficialVlogs [3 likes]: This was the best lens video I ever watched
  2. @parulvikramparmar9892 [2 likes]: I liked 24mm
  3. @karinafernandez5602 [2 likes]: Is there a way you can use 16mm and fix the distortion
  4. @WilliardPippenhuffel [2 likes]: This was the video I needed. No one else explained the distances as clearly as you did. Thank you kindly.
  5. @astrarivm [2 likes]: Great explanation! Thank you, sir!
  6. @CaseyFulton-n4y [2 likes]: 24-35 looked best for natural vlogging footage. I was surprised 16 looked too wide.
  7. @iXzenoS [2 likes]: Hi Gabriel, thank you for this helpful video! I want to get the ZV-E10 II but having a hard time deciding between the Sigma 16mm or 30mm. Similar to your video, I want to have my camera at the end of my desk (near the wall) and use it for Zoom meetings and talking head/tutorials. Can you do a showcase comparison between the 16mm, 23mm and 30mm (all F1.4)?

16mm seems like the safer option, but I also don't want to reveal much of my background as its messy haha. The 30mm will crop in more and show less background with more blur, but my camera will be around 80-90cm away from where I sit at the desk — is this enough distance to use a 30mm with my chest and upwards? Which means the 23mm sits right in between and might be the best of both worlds? Please your advice (since you own both lenses I think) would be so helpful!
  8. @GabrielVIP [1 likes]: Here is the next big step: 👉 https://youtu.be/0tlREIt6d3E  👈
  9. @Draqee4 [1 likes]: what about 15mm sigma lens the new edition
  10. @PLANETWATERMELON [1 likes]: Are you talking about these focal lengths on an app-c or full frame. 16mm on a Sony ZVE10 would  be 24mm.
  11. @ElizabethaKaur [1 likes]: Great content! I'm deciding between the 16mm and 24mm (24mm and 35mm Full Frame) I prefer the look of the 24mm in your video (35 full frame) I'm just unsure how well are you able to read prom the el gato teleprompter when usage the 24mm (35mm FF)? Thanks in advance for any recommendations.
  12. @DANYALLAYNAD [1 likes]: Been looking for a video explaining the distances like this 👏
  13. @kabirioworld [1 likes]: Dude i spent hours and hours and everyone was just talking garbage. Finally your video helped me. I cant believe so many people have blabla for nothing.
  14. @dr.deeptanuroy9706 [1 likes]: Sigma 30 f1.4 vs RF 35 mm f1.8 which would be better for photography in low light and portrait ? For canon R10
  15. @ChristosBallis [1 likes]: Amazing video! Great presentation! I can’t really say enough kind words about the way you covered the topic!
  16. @pipoe2h [1 likes]: Thank you Gabriel, great video! I have the exact same room size and I'm thinking between the 16mm, 24mm, or 35mm. How is it for you with the teleprompter? I also have Elgato but I'm afraid with 16mm you can see the eyes moving. I've seen some of your videos where you use the prompter, and it is barely noticeable. If I make it more diagonal than in your example, what do you think about 24mm or even 35mm?
  17. @Foyzur32 [1 likes]: Thanks for the info. Are you talking about apsc lenses or normal ones?
  18. @kamilahkay [1 likes]: ty!
  19. @RyanHipp [1 likes]: Forgive me for bugging you again with this - You are literally the only person that can help me with this : 😂 Your set up examples are what I am dealing with - I have a slightly bigger room than you- or my wall behind my chair is farther than yours, and my desk  has to stay where it is on other wall…But I want to be comfortable in front of my Prompter so i want to sit in front of the camera at about 2 feet like you, but i don’t want so much of my room in back of me to show - I have a somewhat cluttered bookshelf . If i opted for 30 mm vs 16 can i still sit close to the camera? Your examples showed you moving to accommodate a consistent framing but didn’t alternatively show what the framing would look like for each lens if you stayed in the same spot, if that makes sense!
  20. @JamesKerLindsay: This was a really great video. Thanks so much. You explained it so well.

- Learn How To Choose a Game-Changing Lens For YouTube Videos!: Kind: captions Language: en these images are shot with three different lenses at different budgets from $379 to $1,898 the difference in image quality is not that big for a talking head video but the price difference is huge I will show you how to choose the perfect lens for your talking head videos without wasting money and without sacrifice and quality let's find out what you don't need what you need and what are the greatest lenses for talking head videos and what what are the prices let's go what you don't need this is so important avoid wasting money on things you don't need don't buy a lens just because you hear other Creator recommending it let's analyze the talking head video do you like this image what can You observe the camera doesn't move it's on a tripod maybe at some point we can move a little bit but nothing crazy in this case we don't need a lens with Optical stabilization and a lens with Optical stabilization it's a little bit expensive so cutting this out of our equation we know we don't care about imy stabilization and if we don't need image stabilization we can find more affordable lenses and of course I will show you some examples immediately but first let's write down let's make a list with what we don't need and what we need let's go further and analyze more look at this big talking head creators what do you see that they have in common all these creators shoot their talking head video indoor in the studio bedroom house or office we do talking head videos so we don't shoot in snow rain dust or heavy conditions so we don't need to pay extra for weather sealed lenses one more thing you don't need for a talking head video you have your camera on a tripod so you don't care how big or heavy the lens is now let's see what we need for talking head videos this is so important but first let me clarify the the focal length which focal length is the best for talking head videos most of the time a talking head shot is made in an office apartment room bedroom or studio so we don't have enough space to use a 85 mm lens 100 or 200 mm lens we need wider lenses when I shoot the talking head video I prefer to have the camera pretty close to me so I can reach and change some settings without any help the distance between me and the the camera right now it's about 4 5 ft and the distance between me and the background it's around 7 to 8 ft for something like this if you use a crop sensor camera I recommend a lens between 16 and 35 mm if you have a big space you can use a 50 mm but you need a pretty big space and if you use a full-f free camera I recommend a lens between 24 and 50 mm I will give you some examples in a few moments but first let's make the second list with what we need for talking head videos when we shoot a talking head video like this we have our cameras in front of us so we need to be relaxed we need to move our hands we need to make some gestures with our hands maybe we need to show something to the camera or we move a little bit we are humans we we don't stay in a fixed position like this the entire video we move a little bit so one important thing we really need from our lenses is for them to be independent and do the job for us when it comes to autofocus your talking head lens should be a super fast autofocus lens and also a silent lens I tried in the past some amazing lenses but the autofocus motor was so noisy and my microphone was picking up those noises all the time it's it's extremely annoying look at one of my lenses how fast it is this is what we need something super fast I will show you some some exact lenses and prices to choose from in a few moments the next super important thing to pay attention to is this this number here I will explain this as simple as I can without going into too many technical details if this number is lower like 2.8 or 2 or 1.8 or 1.4 the image will be brighter and the blur behind the subject will be more pronounced when the f is higher like 3.5 or 5.6 or 8 your image will be darker and the blur will disappear some lenses are capable of letting more light in faster and other lenses are not and less light will be let in I'm pretty sure that you want and like that blur behind you and you can achieve that blur in two ways having a long lens like 85 mm 100 mm 200 mm or having a fast lens with f 1.4 1.8 2 or 2.8 we already know that we can't use a l long lens like 85 mm or 200 mm because we don't have enough space and we want our cameras close to us so we need to use a fast lens maybe with f2.8 or lower pay attention to this number and choose a lens with this number as low as possible my favorite aperture is 2.8 right now I'm using the 2.8 lens even if I use a crop sensor or a fullframe sensor of course you can go to 1.4 if you want but this is a little bit trickier because you can go out of focus super fast if you move a little bit of course a lens with f2.8 or lower it's more expensive it is how it is and I will show you some pretty affordable lenses in a few moments we need to find out one more important thing we need to take into consideration do you need a zoom lens or a prime lens for talking head videos you can do excellent content with both but there are some advantages and disadvantages a prime lens it's a fixed lens you can't zoom zoom in or out it's fixed but you can choose a prime lens with the best focal length for you and you can find it more affordable at f1.8 1.4 then a zoom lens with f1.4 or 1.8 or even 2.8 on the other hand a zoom lens it's more more versatile maybe sometimes you want to shoot a little bit wider sometimes you want to have a little bit more zoom and this is incredibly good but a zoom lens with constant f2.8 as an example it's more expensive than a prime lens with f2.8 and when I say constant f2.8 that means you can use your lens at any focal length with f2.8 if you have let's say a lens like this 16 to 35 mm even if you are at 16 mm or at 35 mm the F will be constant with this lens for example the f is 3.5 5.6 which means when I have my focal length at at 18 mm the minimum F will be at 3.5 and when I zoom in at 135 mm the minimum F can be 5.6 of course you can do great talking head videos at f3.5 this is the common aperture for Kit lenses but if you want that blur behind you if you want a better lens in low life situations the best will be to find a lens with f2.8 or lower so let's see some lenses and prices in my video about how to choose your camera for talking head videos I recommended the Sony zv1 I like and use Sony cameras but doesn't matter if you use other brands just keep in mind what you need and what you don't need but if you Sony I have some solutions for you and I will try to recommend the best lenses with the best quality and still affordable if you use a crop camera for talking head videos and you want a prime affordable lens one of the most common lenses is the sigma 16 mm f1.4 it's a prime lens and this this is how the image looks like it's pretty wide and it's $379 I will add affiliate links in the description for all these lenses you won't pay anything extra if you use my links but I will earn a small commission and this is a way to help my channel thank you also you can find a 30 mm version with f1.4 if you really want something with f1.4 and this lens is even cheaper $279 now I have something more interesting here if you want a zoom lens but why enough on a crop sensor and a fullframe sensor this is important you can try tamaron 20 to 40 mm f2.8 constant f2.8 this lens is a little bit more expensive but you have zoom and you can use it on crop and also on full frame on a crop sensor this will be an equivalent of 30 to 60 mm it's wide enough and if you buy this use it on your crop camera and in the future you will upgrade to a fullframe camera you can use the same length also if you want something wider you can use Tamron 11 to 20 which is super wide on full frame too wide in my opinion but on crop it's 16.5 mm to 30 mm also $699 you can also find Sony 35 mm f2.8 for full frame $599 or Sony 24 mm f2.8 $549 right now and of course the greatest Sony G Master 16 to 35 mm f2.8 constant but this lens is $1,898 and many other lenses at a higher or lower price but you can have the best lens in the world and still have low quality talking head videos if you don't take care of the next super important step that I showed you in this video watch this video and let's create amazing talking head videos

  Top Comments:
  1. @oheerheer6306 [4 likes]: Gabrial goes a step over and above compared to other content creators. Session are extremely good, informative, to the point and in layman's terms that everyone can understand. The visuals and creativity speaks volumes. Keep it up. Excellent.
  2. @beast-mode115 [2 likes]: Great video!! Thanks!🤜🏽🤛🏽💪🏾💯🔥
  3. @Conserveusaxx [2 likes]: Man, I think I may like your explanation style the most
  4. @josema133 [2 likes]: 🙋🏼‍♂️🇪🇦 Hola Gabriel. Cuando dices 16-35mm te refieres a medida FF o lente recortada para la Sony? Gracias.
  5. @VladyslavKL [1 likes]: 🕊
  6. @Mrcsitari1 [1 likes]: 16 mm sigma or 23 mm sigma for game streaming with zve 10 ?
  7. @wedugup [1 likes]: Zoom lens at 1.4 😮😮

That would be expensive
  8. @CaleMcCollough [1 likes]: For my talking heads shot I use a 24mm lens on a 4K camera 5 feet away and I crop in 1080p on 4K in OBS. This is
  9. @JonnyRecaps [1 likes]: Great video, very thorough 👍
  10. @TheVisitor15 [1 likes]: what lens you would suggest and is best  for talking head videos . under 250 euro . for sony zv10 mark2
  11. @chineduossai9471 [1 likes]: Hi Gabriel, awesome video. I currently have a Sony E-Mount 11mm f/1.8 APS-C Ultra Wide-Angle Prime Lens and I use it with the Elgato prompter. The issue is, I see the teleprompter in the frame of my videos which significantly affects the bokeh effect and I have to crop the videos after.

I am looking to get a new lens since I have a very small space. Do you think the sigma 16mm f1.4 wont capture the teleprompter edges in my videos?
  12. @induscashncarry8483 [1 likes]: hi Gabriel, amazing video well explained. could you please clarify you said Tamron 11-20mm f2.8 on full frame will be 11-20mm, whereas  Tamron website says this lens on Full Frame is equivalent to 16.5-30mm. Is it correct? Also I have sony a7iii full frame camera could you please suggest 16-35mm sony lens alternative? without compromising the wide angle, dont wanna go down to 24mm i'll be grateful thanks
  13. @steveperry4243 [1 likes]: Hi Gabriel! Do you think Sony 50mm 1.8 is a good choice for talking head in home studio? Good deals on it right now in Canada. Cheers!
  14. @Nitrayzers [1 likes]: I have the problem that im just about 2,6 feet / 80cm away with my camera - what lense woulf you choose regard focal length? 

At the moment i have the stock lense of canon and this is 16-35 and i have the feelinh that im too close.
  15. @bsh3p [1 likes]: Hey Gabriel.  
Any thoughts on the Sigma 18-50mm F2.8 or or Tamron 17-70mm f2.8?
Seems to be pretty good value; meets the right focal lengths (with ability to mix it up), right aperture but unsure of the quietness for example.  Could be useful to have this as a do-it-all lense to use when travelling also.
Keep up the good work, thanks.
  16. @jazzycattruthkitten4101 [1 likes]: Which focal length lens will have the more flattering effect for the face ? I’m  thinking of getting Sony ZVE 10 crop sensor camera ,I don’t need to be too close to the camera.
  17. @sabaasgari90 [1 likes]: You have mentioned you use two different types of camera ms in the description, which camera have you used for this video please thanks!
  18. @jinishupadhyay7414 [1 likes]: Bang on.  Well explained.
  19. @josema133 [1 likes]: 🙋🏼‍♂️🇪🇦 Gracias Gabriel. Me ha sido muy util tú vídeo. 🤗🤗👍
  20. @GabrielVIP: Next Stept For Talking Head Creators:
🔴 ▶ What Top Talking Head Creators Do, and It Works!: 👉https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-TwlPBVuscg
🔴 ▶ Build A Killer Talking Head Setup: 👉  https://youtu.be/dypYHLtgkQI   👈
🔴 ▶ Camera Settings For Talking Head Videos: 👉  https://youtu.be/5nB4WF6EhqA  👈
🔴 ▶ Choose Your Talking Head Microphone: 👉  https://youtu.be/e_gjfajzj1k 👈
🔴 ▶ Choose Your Talking Head Camera: 👉  https://youtu.be/r4tVh72mGpY  👈

- The Only Two Lenses You Need for Video!: Kind: captions Language: en there are a ton of lens options out there and can be really confusing as to which one best suits your needs but after years of making videos I've realize that there are only about two lenses that you need to create great results so in this video I'll be breaking down which two lenses I find to be most useful and why you got to just press record hey what's up Nate here with think media now there are going to be two different kinds of lenses you're going to encounter when you're shopping a zoom lens and a prime lens a zoom lens is going to give you flexibility because it covers multiple focal links this means you can zoom in and zoom out and adjust your camera frame without actually having to physically move your camera this is incredibly convenient for creators who need to get a variety of shots very quickly prime lenses on the other hand are a little bit more specialized they have a fixed focal length meaning you can't zoom in or out but because of this prime lenses usually offer better image quality they're sharper and often have a wider aperture which allows more light into your camera this is especially useful if you want to create a blurry background so you can make yourself pop out in the scene and because each type of lens has its own strength I think every Creator should have at least one of each which brings me to my first lens recommendation which is the Sigma 18 to 50 now if you have an apsc camera like the Sony zv1 that we recommend here at think media I think the sigma 1850 is a fantastic choice here's why number one unlike most zoom lenses this is very small and lightweight which makes it perfect for carrying on the go if you're looking for a minimal setup number two is it has a constant f2.8 aperture which means as you zoom in the light is not going to change and therefore you don't have to again adjust your exposure settings also because it has an f2.8 aperture it's going to allow more light into the camera which is going to help it in low light scenarios and third the zoom range is great for those who are looking for flexibility at 18 mm I can comfortably film a talking head video but then if I want to film some b-roll of specific products I can zoom in to 50 mm and have that option and having all this flexibility in one lens allows me to capture a variety of shots without ever having to swap out my lens which actually saves me time one of my favorite features of this lens is it has a close minimum Focus distance of 4.8 in so if I were to hold this tape measur from the camera body I can focus just about an inch away from the lens which allows me to get a lot of closeup details without having to buy a macro lens of course when you're buying a lens you can look at different brands Sony makes their own lenses for their cameras however they tend to be really expensive and there are some great thirdparty lenses that have really great image quality at a fraction of the price I highly recommend checking out Sigma or Tamron if you are on a budget but if you have a fullframe camera then you'll need fullframe lenses which can often be more expensive than apsc lenses so that's something to keep in mind when you are buying a camera and what lenses you want to invest in but if you are on a fullframe camera and you're looking for a great lens I highly recommend the sigma 24 to70 f2.8 again this will give you plenty of range to choose from from going wide angle at 24 which actually is one of my favorite focal links on full frame all the way to 70 mm to get those nice detail shots but just look at the pure size difference between these lenses that is definitely something to also consider if you're traveling with different lenses again you can go for the Sony 24 to70 although you'll be spending around $2,300 for a brand new lens or you could pick up the sigma for around $1,100 in my personal opinion I don't think you could notice the difference between the Sony and the Sigma lens and I would rather spend that extra money on getting a better microphone or getting a better camera rather than just that lens now if you're interested in any of these lenses I'll leave a link in the description down below to a list of all the gear mentioned in this video now the second lens I recommend is a prime lens and specifically a wide angle prime lens as someone who's filming videos of themselves I found that a wide angle is really useful when you are talking to the camera as it shows more of your body and more of your environment rather than just on your face so I find that a focal length of less than 20 mm is actually a very comfortable field of view for me to show off my environment but also being relatively close to the camera and because you can be closer to the camera it is nice so you can actually adjust settings but also creates a more intimate feel in your videos whereas if I were to shoot on a longer lens like 35 mm is going to create a more distant feel and it might feel more polished and more professional if you prefer that so focal links can play a huge part of how you want your audience member to feel which brings me to my next point of having a wider angle allows you to kind of crop in post production scale up your footage to kind of create multiple camera angles so this is really helpful for masking some jump cuts that might appear in the video and just makes it a little bit more interesting to watch so when it comes to my recommended wide angle prime lens I'm also taking a look at its maximum aperture so something like f1.8 or f1.4 that's going to allow a lot of light into the camera it's going to be helpful for two things a for low light scenarios if you want to have more light onto your camera you can reduce your ISO and get a better sharper look but also it can kind of create a blurry background which helps separate you from that background so the lens I chose actually does both really well it is the sigma 16 f1.4 16 mm on an apsc camera like the zv1 or fx30 is going to give you a really nice talking head field of view which is going to be really helpful if you are filming yourselves and the maximum apture of f1.4 is going to let in a lot of light into your camera and also going to create that blurry background and putting this lens onto your camera is just going to make it feel like a whole new camera you get such a great looking shot this is one of our all-time favorite lenses here at think media and we have a full review if you want to watch that I'll leave a link in the description down below when it comes to picking up a wide angle prime lens for fullframe cameras again there are several different options you can choose from but one of my favorites I'm actually shooting with this lens right now is the vro 16 mm f1.8 now this is a 16 mm field of view on a fullframe camera which is actually going to give you an extremely wide angle but most fullframe lenses that are this wide only have a maximum aperture of f2.8 this lens on the other hand can go down to 1.8 so even though I have a crazy wide angle shot I've actually got a little bit of shallow depth field back there it's slightly blurred but this lens is fantastic I really love the image quality it's also pretty affordable when it comes to fullframe lenses at around $580 and maybe you don't need this wide angle of a lens I would just tell you the reason why I decided to go with something this wide is I wanted something that I could kind of Mount onto my desk but still see my hand expression see a bit of the table and this 16 mm lens was the only one that could actually do it well I suppose a wider angle lens could but you get my point but don't go out and just pick up this focal length just because I told you to what I would recommend if you are starting off is go to your zoom lens and figure out which focal links do you actually use the most do you shoot a little bit wider at 24 or maybe you're tighter at 50 or 70 mm that either pick up that exact focal length you use all the time or pick up a focal length that will complement it so for me I already have the coverage of 24 to 70 I needed something a little bit wider so I decided to go with something even wider at 16 mm so we cover the benefits of prime lenses and zoom lenses I kind of want to walk you through a few different scenarios on when I would use each type of lens for about 80% of my filming needs I am going to use a zoom lens as it basically has all those different focal links and if I want to change things up I can simply move in and not have to worry about swapping a lens especially if I go Outdoors if you're filming out on a beach or different terrain you don't necessarily want to swap a lens out there so just having a zoom lens anytime I go outdoors I just want the Reliance and the flexibility of having a zoom lens so matter where I go I know I have the focal links that is actually going to be useful to me now if I have time to dial in my shot let's say as a talking head camera setup that I'm not going to be adjusting all the time that's where I do like a prime lens because I know I'm not going to be adjusting the camera frame every time I want to use the setup it's dialed in exactly how I want it I'm just able to turn it on press record and I'm good to go I'd also use a prime lens if I'm am shooting in low light scenarios because they allow more light into the camera thanks to a faster aperture means I get better low light performance and get just a little bit better in those darker scenarios but having these two style lenses in your kit they really do complement each other and that means you can get about 90 99% of what your needs are between these two lenses and sure as you begin to grow you might actually need different focal links depending as your needs change for example because we can only go up to 70 mm I can't actually get super far zoomed in shots so I might rent out a telephoto lens if and when I need that I will mention that lenses are often overlooked but they're actually better Investments than spending all your money on the latest camera because chances are you're going to be upgrading your specific camera in a few years time when the latest thing comes out but your lenses on the other hand you can keep these for several years even decades and that's because lens technology doesn't grow as fast as camera technology so if you are looking to invest in different cameras I would take a look at possibly spending on some good quality lenses that you're actually going to use in fact there's a saying you want to marry your lenses and date your camera bodies and that's a kind of funny way to look at it you can find links to all the gear I mentioned in the description destion down below and if you want to take your videos to the next level get the most out of your camera settings your lighting your lenses your audio then check out this video where I break down an entire YouTube Studio setup for less than $1,000

  Top Comments:
  1. @seb370 [4 likes]: 18-50mm is nice but why does no one talk about the 17-70mm by Tamron??
  2. @Rocks01 [2 likes]: 4:25 16mm feels more intimate while 35mm looks professional. Real
  3. @KeemoRantsAgain [2 likes]: Which lens your personaly using in this video?
  4. @TheTexasTrailhead [2 likes]: I’m using a 24mm, but the one question I can’t get anyone to answer is where to position the camera to get the top of the table. Even with my 24mm I have to raise the camera and angle down, but looking at this video it looks like it’s right in front. Even with the 35mm example.
  5. @WastedPaper [2 likes]: What camera and lens are you using when it’s backed up showing you and your desk in this video?
  6. @ThinkMediaTV [1 likes]: Which of these lenses do you prefer? Let us know below! ⬇
⭐Check out our FREE CLASS on 3 Secrets for Growing Your YouTube Channel in 2025 here!: http://ThinkMasterclass.com
  7. @asheikh4813 [1 likes]: Is sigma 23mm f1.4 good if I'm using only one lens?
  8. @nikolaipullen4561 [1 likes]: Don't you need a tele lense e.g 70-200 or 300?
  9. @FedirHolub: Hey! Thanks for your work. 
I also have a question. I have a Sony A7CII and I have Sony 85mm 1.8 and Tamron 28-75 2.8. 
Creating videos isn't my main job, I shoot events times to times and I use mostly Tamron as I need to change focal length all the time and I keep noticing that I'm not that happy with my Tamron. In the situations with tricky lights I keep noticing poor contrast of the image and focus issues.
I thought that the problem is with my skill only, but every time when I switch to my 85mm prime I'm pretty happy with what I get.
So the question is if I better trade my lens (I think I can afford something like used 24-105 f 4 Sony lens and similar price range. Would it actually make a difference or I better just wait for the moment when I start make consistent money from videos and buy some really nice one (GM or something)? 
Thanks!
  10. @MrHenriquez: Thank you for showing this on an APS-C sensor!
  11. @JuBanz: what’s the best lens for a vlogger with a sony zve-10
  12. @sadashivan89: Please suggest two lenses for full frame Sony camera S 7111 for shooting films....
  13. @rolling.reggie: Love my Sigma 16mm. But it doesn’t do great for overhead tabletop videos for an unboxing for example. What do you recommend for those shots?? I see you’ve done some in this very video.
  14. @artseevision: What lights are those under your shelves?
  15. @spenceroceanofficial: Automatic like for just making the video, thanks
  16. @despertandoalmas23: Hi bro, thx for the video.  I have the ZvE10 and use it for recording dancing videos in tight venues and low light.  I want to achieve super cinematic effects and wide angle in low light.  Which lens do u suggest?? Thanks!!!
  17. @MICKSKAI: Will a 16mm prime lens catch the bottom of the teleprompter?
  18. @JazminRosario-h6u: Is the  Canon 180D camera with an 18-55 lens a good camera?
  19. @ReyFaratv: Hi, I bought the Lumix S5iix without a lens. Does this lens fit it well or not? Does it fit?
  20. @davepalmer__90: Very helpful, thank you for the video

- How to Create a YouTube Channel for Beginners in 2025 (Step-By-Step): Kind: captions Language: en If you're new to YouTube, welcome to the club.&nbsp; Start by heading to youtube.com and, at the top&nbsp;&nbsp; right, click Sign In. Next, if you don't already&nbsp; have a Gmail account, head down to Create Account,&nbsp;&nbsp; then choose For Work or My Business. Next, you&nbsp; want to get a Gmail address, which is completely&nbsp;&nbsp; free. Put in your name and click Next, followed by&nbsp; your birthday and gender. If you've already got an&nbsp;&nbsp; existing email attached to your Google account,&nbsp; it will show up here, so you can either use&nbsp;&nbsp; that or click Get a Gmail Address instead. Next,&nbsp; choose Create Your Own Gmail Address and type in&nbsp;&nbsp; whichever email address you want, then click Next&nbsp; to see if it's available. Add in your password and&nbsp;&nbsp; click Next, then enter another email as a recovery&nbsp; email if you ever need to recover this account.&nbsp;&nbsp; Keep clicking Next until you get to the Privacy&nbsp; and Terms page, which you can read over and then&nbsp;&nbsp; click Agree. So now that you've made an account,&nbsp; it's now time to make your channel. Head up to the&nbsp;&nbsp; top right and click the red circle, then Create&nbsp; a Channel. Now you can give your channel a name&nbsp;&nbsp; and a handle. The difference between channel name&nbsp; and channel handle is that the name shows up as&nbsp;&nbsp; the name of your channel when people visit it and&nbsp; underneath your videos when people discover them&nbsp;&nbsp; on the YouTube homepage, whereas the handle is&nbsp; the unique handle that shows up underneath videos&nbsp;&nbsp; when you comment in the comment section. It will&nbsp; show up as @ and then your handle name. It's also&nbsp;&nbsp; the URL that people type in as youtube.com/@ and&nbsp; then your channel handle. So try not to make it&nbsp;&nbsp; too long and complicated so people can actually&nbsp; remember it. The name can be literally anything&nbsp;&nbsp; you want, and the handle can be anything that is&nbsp; uniquely available. So if someone else already&nbsp;&nbsp; has the handle, unfortunately, you'll have to&nbsp; think of something else. Don't worry, neither of&nbsp;&nbsp; these choices is permanent. You can always change&nbsp; them in the future if you need to. Next, you want&nbsp;&nbsp; to add a profile picture, so if you click this&nbsp; button here, you'll now be able to add either an&nbsp;&nbsp; image template here from the library or upload one&nbsp; directly from your computer. If you have a nice&nbsp;&nbsp; headshot of yourself, I would strongly recommend&nbsp; that. Then click and drag the corners to resize&nbsp;&nbsp; the circle and move your image around so it's&nbsp; nice and centered. That looks good. And finally,&nbsp;&nbsp; create a channel. And here we have our sparkling&nbsp; brand-new YouTube channel. Now it's time to change&nbsp;&nbsp; a few important settings underneath the hood.&nbsp; Head up to your profile picture in the top right,&nbsp;&nbsp; click it, and then YouTube Studio. Next, head down&nbsp; to Settings, then Channel, which is the second&nbsp;&nbsp; option, and Feature Eligibility. Now, this step is&nbsp; really important because this is what is going to&nbsp;&nbsp; allow us to upload videos longer than 15 minutes&nbsp; and add custom thumbnails. To do so, choose the&nbsp;&nbsp; drop-down under Intermediate Features, and to do&nbsp; this, you'll have to verify your phone number. So&nbsp;&nbsp; click the black button here, then add in your&nbsp; number so YouTube can send you a verification&nbsp;&nbsp; code. Once you get it, enter it in and click&nbsp; Submit. Next, we need to set some important upload&nbsp;&nbsp; defaults for every time we upload a new video. To&nbsp; do that within YouTube Studio, head to Settings,&nbsp;&nbsp; and then Upload Defaults, and here we have what is&nbsp; essentially a template for what will show up every&nbsp;&nbsp; time you upload a new video. So you could add a&nbsp; title and description here, although chances are&nbsp;&nbsp; those things are going to be different every time.&nbsp; However, one thing you will want to change is your&nbsp;&nbsp; visibility. I'd recommend changing it from Public&nbsp; to Unlisted, which means every time you publish a&nbsp;&nbsp; video, you'll allow yourself a bit of time for&nbsp; the video to fully process and improve quality,&nbsp;&nbsp; as well as adding a description and a title&nbsp; and a thumbnail and so on. It takes a bit of&nbsp;&nbsp; time to do those things, and you don't want the&nbsp; pressure of having your video posted immediately&nbsp;&nbsp; without tweaking those things first. Then, if&nbsp; you want to add default tags to every video,&nbsp;&nbsp; you can add them in here. While we're here, you&nbsp; might want to head over to Advanced Settings, and&nbsp;&nbsp; if you're in a country where the native language&nbsp; is something other than English, you can choose&nbsp;&nbsp; that in this drop-down menu, and this will help&nbsp; you to process the captions of your video faster in your native language.&nbsp;&nbsp; Underneath that is Comment Moderation. Firstly,&nbsp; you can turn comments off if you don't want anyone&nbsp;&nbsp; commenting on your videos, which I don't recommend&nbsp; because it's good to have a bit of feedback and&nbsp;&nbsp; interaction from your audience, but an option in&nbsp; between the two is moderating with either Basic,&nbsp;&nbsp; Strict, or Hold All filters. I'd recommend&nbsp; choosing Basic, which will keep a lot of&nbsp;&nbsp; trolls out if they use swear words and insulting&nbsp; language, but if you find this to be an issue,&nbsp;&nbsp; you can always come back and change it to Strict&nbsp; or Hold All. Next, you want to head back to the&nbsp;&nbsp; Channel section, and you're welcome to add your&nbsp; country of residence just so YouTube knows where&nbsp;&nbsp; you're located, and then under Advanced Settings,&nbsp; you want to tell YouTube whether your channel is&nbsp;&nbsp; made for kids or not, otherwise, it's going to&nbsp; ask you every single time you upload a new video.&nbsp;&nbsp; So this is another upload default. My channel is&nbsp; not aimed at kids, so I'm going to choose No. If&nbsp;&nbsp; yours is, you can choose Yes, but again, this is&nbsp; something I'd recommend setting up front so you&nbsp;&nbsp; don't have to do it hundreds of times over. The&nbsp; final setting you'll want to know is here under&nbsp;&nbsp; Permission, and this is where we can add more&nbsp; people to the account if you want someone to help&nbsp;&nbsp; manage or moderate your channel. So if you click&nbsp; Invite here on the right-hand side, you can add&nbsp;&nbsp; a new user to your account and give them access&nbsp; to either manage, edit, edit just the subtitles,&nbsp;&nbsp; or just be a viewer that can't change anything.&nbsp; This is a feature I use all the time since the&nbsp;&nbsp; automatic YouTube captions aren't always 100%&nbsp; correct, so I'll get an assistant to come in,&nbsp;&nbsp; correct the captions, and save them. So now&nbsp; that we've set a couple of upload defaults,&nbsp;&nbsp; go ahead and click Save. Now you are so close&nbsp; to uploading your very first video. If you're&nbsp;&nbsp; stuck for ideas, feel free to download My 100&nbsp; Viral Video Ideas eBook completely for free,&nbsp;&nbsp; which is filled with 100 high-performing templates&nbsp; that you can copy-paste before you post a video,&nbsp;&nbsp; though there are some essential branding&nbsp; elements you may want to add to your channel&nbsp;&nbsp; to make it look prettier. So here in YouTube&nbsp; Studio, if you head to the left-hand side and&nbsp;&nbsp; click Customization, this is where we can&nbsp; edit some key design points of our channel,&nbsp;&nbsp; starting with the banner, which you can upload&nbsp; here. Just keep in mind that YouTube banners need&nbsp;&nbsp; to look good on multiple devices, including TVs,&nbsp; phones, tablets, and computers. Therefore, you'll&nbsp;&nbsp; need to orient most of the design, especially&nbsp; the text, towards the center. Here I'm using a&nbsp;&nbsp; template in Canva. I found Canva to be a pretty&nbsp; good resource for these templates. Now, here is&nbsp;&nbsp; where you can also change your profile picture,&nbsp; your YouTube name, and your handle in the future&nbsp;&nbsp; if you ever change your mind and want something&nbsp; different. Next, you can give your channel a&nbsp;&nbsp; description. I'd recommend keeping it short and&nbsp; sweet and focusing on what your channel offers to&nbsp;&nbsp; the viewer and not overly talking about yourself&nbsp; and all your accomplishments. Underneath that,&nbsp;&nbsp; you can add a couple of links if you wanted to&nbsp; include some other social media profiles or your&nbsp;&nbsp; website on your channel's homepage. You can add an&nbsp; email address here if you want people to be able&nbsp;&nbsp; to contact you. Just keep in mind if you've got&nbsp; a lot of people watching your videos, you may not&nbsp;&nbsp; want to give away your personal email. Instead,&nbsp; use a business email or have an email dedicated&nbsp;&nbsp; solely to your YouTube account. Then, finally,&nbsp; right down the bottom, you can add a watermark&nbsp;&nbsp; to your videos. This shows up in the right-hand&nbsp; corner whenever your videos play and essentially&nbsp;&nbsp; acts as a subscribe button. When you're happy with&nbsp; all these settings, go ahead and click Publish.&nbsp;&nbsp; Now, from here, if you head up to the Earn&nbsp; screen, this is where you can track your progress&nbsp;&nbsp; on the journey to becoming a monetized YouTube&nbsp; Creator, which as of right now, is 1,000 YouTube&nbsp;&nbsp; subscribers and either 4,000 hours of watch time&nbsp; in the last year or 10 million short views in the&nbsp;&nbsp; last 90 days. You can ask YouTube to email you&nbsp; once you've reached these milestones, and I'd&nbsp;&nbsp; also recommend turning on two-step verification&nbsp; to make the monetization process smoother. Now,&nbsp;&nbsp; as for everything else here on the left-hand side&nbsp; in YouTube Studio, this is going to rely on you&nbsp;&nbsp; uploading videos for metrics to start coming in.&nbsp; So once you've uploaded videos, they'll appear&nbsp;&nbsp; here. Once you start getting views, all of your&nbsp; data will show up here in Analytics. In Community,&nbsp;&nbsp; this is where you'll find information about&nbsp; your community, including comments and your&nbsp;&nbsp; top subscribers, which means now it's over to you&nbsp; to go ahead and make your first video. Again, feel&nbsp;&nbsp; free to download My 100 Viral Video Ideas eBook&nbsp; completely for free down below, as well as my Top&nbsp;&nbsp; 10 Ways to Make Money on YouTube, where I share&nbsp; the top 10 ways that I've been able to monetize my&nbsp;&nbsp; YouTube channel to seven figures over the past 10&nbsp; years, and in it, I share all the top monetization&nbsp;&nbsp; secrets you need to know. And if you are making&nbsp; a YouTube channel with the aim of monetizing it,&nbsp;&nbsp; and building a business, in this video here, I'll&nbsp; share my top three monetization sources that help&nbsp;&nbsp; me scale my YouTube channel the fastest and how&nbsp; you can get started doing the same for yourself.

  Top Comments:
  1. @BlackThor15 [1 likes]: Thank you! This has been so helpful, simple, short and effective! Well done! 👍😄
  2. @lauraorimoloye [1 likes]: Pizze
  3. @BazilMouseDetectiveBen [1 likes]: lol
  4. @juliagriffiths8550: Great, thank you. I've had to stop start this video numerous times, but I think I'm ready!
  5. @beautyfashionlifestylemakeup: thank you for this video
  6. @TheMarkb45: 7 figure youtube channel with only 281k subscribers? I'm new to the whole YouTube content ins and outs. Im guessing here but your earnings are based on monetization and total clicks on your videos?
  7. @cynthiawilson7820: Thank you.
  8. @gracepeni84: Thanks Ben. Very helpful.
  9. @FristGenWealth: 🤟🤟🙌👏
  10. @HaaziqAfham: I created a new YouTube channel
  11. @abyGetinspired: Good information. Supporting all small YouTubers 😊.
  12. @SalmonMaithre: Thank you so much Ben. I created a Youtube channel and I am very excited to make a mark. Thanks again
  13. @foziaAouled-w1t: anyoun in 2026
  14. @foziaAouled-w1t: anyoun in 2026
  15. @Esmeg123: 😃😃 thank youuu
  16. @IfYourFoodCouldSpeak: Thank you, great video
  17. @leebaalex849: this guys a liar putting your chanel on public is better that unlisted because whenin unlisted your video will not be able to be put on your home page u need to get the link or search for it
  18. @growandglowwithsree: ❤
  19. @Riamtouch: New YouTuber here ..thanks for the information 🙏🏾
  20. @anekeeucharia4027: Thank you so much

- The 8 Trends I’m Betting My Entire Marketing Strategy On in 2026: Kind: captions Language: en Your customers aren't finding you the way they used to. 26% of searches now [music] end without a click. Instagram alone sees over 6.5 billion searches every day. And Chad GPT is about to launch ads that behave like Facebook, not Google. So if you're still marketing like 2024, you're already behind. I'm Neil Patel, co-founder of NP Digital. My team works with hundreds of brands across dozens of industries and every day we analyze patterns most marketers never even see. And today I'm going to walk you through the eight digital marketing trends that will shape visibility in 2026 and how to use each one immediately. Because when you [music] understand what's actually happening, you stop reacting and start leading. Let's dive in. Trend number one, stop sending traffic off platform. Capture leads where they are. If you're still sending social media traffic to landing pages, you're losing leads before they ever see your offer. Here's a real reason. Platforms like Instagram, LinkedIn, and Facebook kill your distribution the moment your content tries to move off platform, even if it's just click the link in my bio or visit our site. These platforms want people inside their ecosystem, not bouncing out of it. So, the algorithm immediately throttles your reach and your ad costs go up. And even when people do click out, most mobile users drop off the moment they hit a slow loading form or a page that isn't built for quick conversion. Here's what you need to do. Keep the entire lead capture process inside the platform. Use tools like Manyhat to trigger automated conversations. When someone comments with the keyword, they comment, the software automatically sends them DMs, you capture their information without them ever leaving the platform. This reduces friction, boosts engagement signals to the algorithm, and gives you higher quality leads because you're tracking behavioral intent, not just form fields. Trend two, search moved beyond Google. For years, search meant Google. But now, search is happening everywhere. Instagram, YouTube, Tik Tok, Chad, GBT, Snap, LinkedIn, even [music] your browser. Snap signed a $400 million deal with Perplexity [music] just to power their search. Buyers are jumping across platforms like Stepping Stones and most brands only show up on one of them. Here's what we're seeing in the data. Instagram 6.5 billion searches a day. YouTube over 3 billion. Tik Tok is becoming [music] a new product search engine. Chad GBT emerging as a trusted discovery tool. This isn't random. It's a clear shift in consumer behavior. And once you understand the shift, you can use [music] it to win. This is called search everywhere optimization. creating content that's formatted, structured, and packaged in a way that ranks across all major discovery surfaces, [music] not just traditional search engines. Here's exactly how to do it. Start by weaving [music] your targeted keywords naturally into everything. Your script, your captions, your on-screen text, and your description. That's how platforms understand the true topic of your content. Then build topic clusters. Create multiple posts around the same core theme so platforms start mapping you as the authority. Consistency also builds discoverability. And finally, optimize for conversational search. People now search in full phrases and the algorithms read the layers of your content. Audio captions, transcripts, and visual text to [music] match that intent. When your content aligns with how people actually search, you start showing up everywhere they look. Trend three, the AI slob problem is hurting teams more than helping. AI promise speed, but for most marketing teams, it's creating [music] confusion, rework, and hallucinations. We ran a study comparing free and paid AI tools, and the hallucination rates were almost [music] identical. That means people are trusting answers that look correct, but are completely wrong. And that false confidence is killing campaigns. Here's what's happening. Markers are using AI to write copy, analyze data, and build strategy. But they're not validating the output. They're assuming the AI is right because it sounds confident. But when you dig into the data, you find errors, fake [music] stats, misqued sources, conclusions that don't match the evidence. And here's a surprising twist. A lot of companies are blaming AI for the layoffs. Not because AI actually replaced people, but because [music] it's a cleaner story for the public markets. Simplifying with AI sounds a lot better to shareholders than admitting that they overhired and their divisions aren't [music] growing at the pace they are expecting or aren't as profitable. Meanwhile, inside these teams, the real inefficiency is coming from AI slop, hallucinations, errors, and bad outputs that waste [music] hours. Even Perplexity CEO said on CNBC, he doesn't believe AI is [music] the true reason behind these job losses. >> The results of that are being seen now. So, correlation doesn't imply causation. Like, it's not because of AI that people are losing jobs. In fact, because of AI, we see a lot more empowerment in people. >> So, what do you actually do with all this? You stop using AI the way everyone else is using [music] it and start using it the way top performers do. Top performers aren't using AI blindly. They're using AI intelligently. Here's how. Use AI to generate first drafts, not final drafts. Cross reference any stats or claim [music] that AI gives you. Check the source. Verify the date. Build internal quality checks. [music] If something feels off, dig deeper. Use AI for ideiation, not execution. Let it help you brainstorm, but don't let it make strategic decisions without human [music] oversight. The biggest ROI we're seeing from AI isn't from tools themselves. [music] It's from using AI platforms like Chat GBT as a discovery channel to drive traffic and conversions. When you stop using AI to replace your word and start using it to extend your reach, you produce work that's sharper, faster, and way more accurate. AI doesn't replace your judgment, it multiplies it. Once you understand that, you stop feeling threatened and you start feeling empowered. AI tools aren't just answering questions anymore. They're evolving into full discovery engines. And just like Google, they're starting to prioritize trusted sources. We're seeing clear patterns. Listicles get cited constantly. Structured pages get pulled into answers. Websites [music] with consistent formatting are showing up more often. If you publish top 10 lists across multiple categories, top 10 tools, top 10 agencies, top 10 products, top 10 comparisons, you start training Chat GBT to see you as authority. Here's how the strategy works. Create listicles in very specific niches. Don't just publish top 10 digital marketing agencies. Publish the subcategories, top 10 SAS agencies, top 10 e-commerce agencies, top 10 affordable marketing agencies, top 10 agencies for franchises. The more micro categories you own, the more Chad GBT cites you as a source. And no, you shouldn't be citing yourself. You should be leveraging digital PR to get other trusted sources that are authorities in your field to site you. And you need to make your case on why you are a better fit than the competition. And Chad GBT will eventually build its own authority system to prevent strategies like people just blogging on their own website and saying, "Hey, we're the best." So right now, you shouldn't focus on shortcuts. You should focus on long-term strategies by getting other people in your industry to talk about you. Yes, it involves outreach and more work, but it's worth the effort because then your results will start compounding. And if you don't want to do this yourself and you just want someone to do it for you, my agency, NP Digital, has a massive digital PR team with over a 100 people [music] where we help companies get listed as the main source and pitch journalists on why they should be the best in their industry. Of course, if you have a crappy product or service, it's harder for us to do that. But if you have a good product and a good service, it's much easier and definitely doable. All you have to do is just go to npd digital.com and fill out the form. Now, if you are creating content on your own website, make sure you're formatting it correctly with clear headers, bullet points, tables. This makes it easy for AI to extract and site your content. Keep your content updated. Add last updated dates to your pages and AI engines will favor fresh, current information over old, outdated information. You also want to use schema markup. This tells AA engines exactly what your content is about and makes it easier to site. You also want to site yourself strategically within your own content and mention the products and services you offer, as well as integrate case studies, stats, facts, and data like that to show that you are a credible source. And when you get cited by multiple websites that rank you as one of the top sources in the industry, this builds authority within the AI platforms. This makes them want to site you more than your competition in the long run, who's just focusing on creating articles on their own website, discussing how they're the best source. This is going to be the new SEO. Almost no one is doing it. What they're focusing on is still the old stuff versus digital PR where it's really at and that makes the difference. Sure, you need to still have all the fundamentals, but without digital PR, you're not going to do as well on Chad GPT, Perplexity, or even Gemini. [music] And when you understand that Chad GPT is becoming a ranking system, your content strategy immediately becomes more intentional, more strategic, and far more profitable. Trend five, AI ads will behave like Facebook with Google level intent. When Chad GBT launches ads, they won't work like Google search ads. They will target you based on your full search history, your intent over time, your interests, your patterns, your problems, your goals. This is identity based targeting with search level accuracy. If you search for marketing agencies, Chad GPT could show you an ad for a marketing agency. But if nine of your last 10 searches were about losing weight, Chad GBT might show you a weight loss ad instead because that's what's actually top of mind for you right now. They're not just responding to what you type. They're responding to your deeper intent across everything you've been searching. And look at who Open AI is hiring. Former Facebook and Instagram ad engineers, people who specialize in predictive modeling and behavior-based targeting. Google shows you ads based on what you type. Facebook shows you ads based [music] on who you are. Chat GBT will do both. This means one thing. Brands that define their category early will have the advantage of being the default recommendation inside AI platforms. You no longer are competing for keywords. You're competing for associations. And here's how you position yourself now. Build topical authority. Create content that is consistently addresses specific problems for specific audiences. The more you publish on a topic, the more AI associates your brand with that category. You also want to use firstparty data. Integrate your CRM, purchase history, and customer interactions into your ad platforms. This trains AI systems to understand who your best customers are. You want to create content that teaches AI who you help. Don't just say we're a marketing agency. Say we help SAS companies scale from 1 million to 10 million through performance marketing. The specificity trains the AI. Once you understand that, you stop creating random content and you start creating content that teaches AI exactly who you are and who you help. Trend six, browsers are becoming AI platforms. This is one of the biggest changes [music] coming in 2026 and one of the least discussed. A is moving into browser layer, not just website layer. Chrome's Gemini, Chad GPT's Atlas, Perplexes Comet. Right now, we go to Chad GPT, we go to Google, we go to different platforms, but [music] that's changing. Think of a browser like an app. Once you're inside it, they keep you there and they can monetize you without sending you to [music] websites first. Imagine this. Your customer opens a tab and asks the browser to compare tools. The browser summarizes everything, makes recommendations, and shows [music] AIdriven ads before they even reach a website. This is the future of discovery. Browsers are becoming the new platform instead of forcing people to go to websites. AI inside the browser pulls information directly from your [music] site and shows it to users instantly. And Google is already preparing for this. Their new AI Mac campaigns are designing [music] to show ads across every Google surface, search, YouTube, discover, and soon inside Chrome's AI features. [music] So, in the future, your ads won't just show up on Google's platforms. They'll show up inside the browser itself while people are using AI tools to research, compare, and make decisions. That's why marketers need to prepare now. Start running AMAX campaigns early so you can understand how the system optimizes, and learns. Add structured data to your website, schema markup, clean formatting, and clear sections so browsers can easily extract, summarize, and [music] surface your content. Treat your site as a data source, not just a destination. the browser will pull from it even if users never click through. Trend seven, live content is becoming a competitive advantage. In a world full of AI generated everything, the one thing people trust most is real people. And that's why live video is exploding. YouTube reports that nearly 30% of users watch at least one live every week. And very few brands are going live. People are craving live content, but creators and brands aren't delivering it. When you go live regularly, something powerful happens. Your audience sees you as a human. Your engagement spikes, your organic reach expands, your content multiplies because one live stream can become dozens of clips. And here's one thing that gets really interesting. YouTube now autogenerates both horizontal and vertical clips from your live streams. You can go live once [music] on desktop and the platform creates vertical versions for mobile automatically. You create once and the platform repurposes it for you. Here's how to use this. Go live once a week. It doesn't have to be fancy. Just show up and add value. Teach something, answer questions, break down recent trend, walk through a case study. Let the platform do the work. YouTube handles the formatting, you handle the value. Repurpose strategically. Pull out the best 60-second moments and turn them into shorts, reals, and Tik Toks. Platforms are rewarding authenticity, not polish. And once you lean into that, your brand stops feeling like content and starts feeling like leadership. This is where your audience begins to trust you deeply. For the first time in history, [music] language is no longer a barrier. YouTube and tools like Hey Gen can now autodub your videos into dozens of languages using your own voice. And over time, [music] all platforms will do this. And you won't even need tools like Hey Jen. This means your next video isn't limited to one country. [music] It can reach the entire world instantly. Your reach is no longer just English [music] speakers. It's Hindi speakers, Korean speakers, Spanish speakers, everyone. And here's what we're seeing. Creators are getting 30 to 50% of their views from languages they don't even speak. Brands are expanding into new markets without hiring translators or voice actors. [music] Here's how to activate this. Enable multilanguage audio on YouTube. It's in your video settings. Turn it on for every video you publish. You also want to optimize your website for global traffic. Use [music] HF lang tags. Add language selectors. Make sure your checkout process supports multiple languages. Localize your CTAs. If someone's [music] watching in Spanish, make sure your landing page supports Spanish, too. This shift transforms creators into global brands. [music] And once you experience global distribution, your mindset changes. You stop thinking in terms of views and you start thinking in [music] terms of world reach. This unlocks the biggest psychological driver of all expansion. Not just of your content, but of your ambition. If you want to go deeper into how AI search really works, watch my next video. [music] This will walk you through how to get surfaced, how to get recommended, and how to stay visible inside every major platform.

  Top Comments:
  1. @neilpatel [81 likes]: Appreciate the feedback on the music and totally hear you. We’re adjusting background music levels going forward so the focus stays 100% on the information.

Thanks for sticking with us and for the thoughtful comments 🙏
  2. @beautyofmusic4348: really makes me think about my strategy 👍
  3. @C1_JACK: i’m def gonna start using these tips
  4. @noonapdo6470: who knew 2026 would be so different
  5. @EjazKhan-c5c4f: the “search everywhere optimization” bit finally put words to what’s been happening. google-only reporting feels like it’s missing half the picture, even for SeoLab Agency folks.
  6. @PawanSharma-nn6oz: this is super helpful, thanks neil
  7. @KritikaDas-hy5ux: These trends make a lot of sense. ipweb has some cool tools that fit right into this direction
  8. @ashtonmurray-m5d: The point about search fragmentation really resonates. I've noticed more people now start their searches on YouTube or even AI tools depending on the type of answer they need. The shift from traditional SEO to becoming discoverable across mult
  9. @AnandhuM-d7u3x: wow i didn’t even think about those trends
  10. @yt_gamer_a1: def gonna rethink my whole strategy after this
  11. @nitin1311: i need to catch up on my marketing game lol
  12. @STEPPESTEP: this was super insightful, thanks for breaking it down
  13. @biswanathYouTube: ai slop problem is real. half my linkedin feed is the same 12 phrases. how are you even measuring “not slop” besides vibes? i poked around myGEOscore for that angle.
  14. @NextGenTech-p3l6e: wow didnt know ai was gonna change so much
  15. @DBGAMERZ-333: didn’t realize how fast things are changing
  16. @khatowalakaladka: i need to start preparing for this now lol
  17. @topongohain3739: the “search everywhere” bit hit me. i’m still treating google like it’s the only doorway. been playing with Wisewand lately and now i’m rethinking where content needs to show up.
  18. @JohannesLopes-c8j: this is super helpful thanks for sharing
  19. @anshu---edits877: Search Everywhere Optimization sounds like a full-time job, honestly. i can barely keep up with one platform. might have to lean on stuff like Gainsty just to not fall behind.
  20. @ALONE_RAPS: wow didn't realize marketing was changing so fast