- MacBook Air M1 iOS Simulator Test: Kind: captions Language: en welcome back to my youtube channel so it's been a while i have uploaded video on my channel and today in this video we're going to be taking a look of performance of ios simulators on new m1 mac devices right so my specifications are base model m1 macbook air so remember it has no any fan and having 8 gigabytes of ram and 256 gigabytes of storage so let's fire up the simulator okay so iphone add has been started let's start at another one which is going to be iphone 12 pro max and another one because i have deleted some other simulators so i may be able to run four at a time okay so as you can see iphone 12 iphone 11 pro max iphone 12 pro max and iphone 8 are available here all are running simultaneously and we have set them to graphic quality override to high setting so we will also take a look of gpu percentage usage so let's see how much ram they are currently using uh so let me fire up activity monitor so here in the cpu usage you can see that the cpu usage is around eight percent so it's not a big number so that may be possible due to the uh arm architecture of the chipset m1 inside this laptop and let's talk about the memory and we are hitting about seven gigabytes of memory and around three and a half hundred of swap memory used so it's doing pretty bad a job but you might have noticed there is not much less clutter in the apple ios simulator devices and now you can see that we are hitting about 5.9 of cpu usage and the temperatures are around 50 degree celsius so this was a pretty short video about this uh macbook and we will for sure bring much much more testing and video videos about the new amber mac so please consider subscribing this youtube channel and thanks for watching

  Top Comments:
  1. @imdadabro4118 [2 likes]: That's nice.
  2. @Aproachate [1 likes]: Hi sir, I have got a macbook air base model but the ios simulator slows down in menu transitions. Do you think this is normal or is it related to 8 gb ram ? Thanks.

- Accessibility Testing inside Xcode's Simulator using RocketSim: Kind: captions Language: en testing your apps for accessibility is important so it's crucial to have these tools right next to the simulator whenever you need them here you can see the rocket Sims accessibility toggles and we can directly get started the most simple one is the dark mode switcher which changes your app from light to dark mode we can change the dynamic type and notice that the app directly respondes and updates the UI to the new Dynamic type setting we can increase the contrast enable buold text turn on and off labels or use button shapes whatever you need rocket same offers these tools right in your flow so you can keep building what you want to build

- SimCam | Test Camera Features Directly in the iOS Simulator: Kind: captions Language: en Hi, I'm Kristoff, creator of SimCam by Software Mansion. SimCam is a tool built to solve a real pain point in iOS app development. The simulator simply doesn't support camera testing. [music] With SimCam, you can stream video from your Mac's built-in or external camera, inject an image or video, or generate a QR code without taking the phone out of your pocket. Let's see how it works. SimCam app sits conveniently in the menu bar. To use it, you don't need to change anything in your app. Once SimCam is started, you can open your app on the simulator and navigate to the place where you use the camera. SimCam streams any camera connected to your Mac directly into your simulator, whether that's the built-in camera or any external [music] device. You can also inject any image or video into the camera feed, including auto-generated QR codes, which is great for testing scanning flows. All camera-driven app features work out of the box, like image recognition, face recognition, >> [music] >> OCR, >> QR and barcode scanning, >> or video conferencing. >> Finally, SimCam comes with a CLI built for AI agents, so an agent can programmatically switch camera sources or generate QR codes. >> If you'd like to bring SimCam into your workflow, it's available with a lifetime license. Head over to simcam.softwaremansion.com to get started.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ashuvssut23 [1 likes]: apple is so inept when it comes to basic devtooling and webkit. dev process is slow and tiring
  2. @wcandillon [1 likes]: very cool 😎
  3. @mrousavy [1 likes]: this is really cool
  4. @mkerimi: Excellent 👍 👍
  5. @t_himmel6524: Amazing 🎉❤
  6. @skayu2000: There must be many dev communities using the iOS simulator camera painfully.. finally react native community solves it for everyone. Thank you @softwaremansion
  7. @vitaliynosov: Thanks 🎉
  8. @Nikul_Solanki: This is awesome men
  9. @kacperkapusciak: beautifully recorded!
  10. @sameedsharif2422: Cool..
  11. @softwareanddesign6641: AWESOME

- Web Design Tutorial: Use Xcode's IOS Simulator to Test Mobile Websites -HD-: Kind: captions Language: en today we're going to take a look at how you can use the free program Xcode on the App Store to test your website on mobile devices now unfortunately at this time Xcode is only available on Mac so these features won't be available to PC users so the first thing to do is to go ahead and get Xcode installed so go ahead and open up the app store and then search for Xcode now when it comes up go ahead and install it for free as you can see I already have it installed so once you get Xcode installed and go ahead and go over to your applications and open up Xcode now when the application opens up go ahead and click on the Xcode menu and then go down to open developer tool and then over to iOS simulator now this will actually open up as a separate application so you can feel free to close Xcode so that everything runs a little faster so once this finally loads up you can see that you now have an iPhone on your screen that you can use just like a normal iPhone so feel free to go ahead and open up Safari on the phone and go to any website that you want to test on this mobile device now the great thing about the iOS simulator is that you can also turn the phone into landscape mode by holding command and then pressing the left and right arrow keys you can also simulate the pinching gesture by holding option and then dragging so this isn't all that the simulator can do so once you're done testing on iPhone go ahead and go up to the hardware menu and then down to device and then select other devices such as the iPhone with Retina display or even the iPad now keep in mind that some of the other device interfaces are often larger and you will need to go up to window and then down to scale to adjust them accordingly so lastly what kind of developer would you be without some developer tools so go ahead and open up Safari on your Mac now if you don't already have a development menu in your top bar go to the Safari menu and then down to preferences then click on the Advanced tab and then check the checkbox called develop menu in menu bar so now you can go up to your development menu and then down to iPad simulator or iPhone simulator and you can see current websites you have opened in the device browser and inspect them again make sure that you have Safari open in the device simulator when you go to this menu so now you can feel free to use this interface just like you do other development tools in other browsers so these things should go ahead and get you started testing your website on mobile devices using your Mac so as always if you enjoy this web design tutorial be sure to subscribe rate comment and share with your friends

  Top Comments:
  1. @lands1459: how do i do this on xcode 3.1?
  2. @misterhtmlcss: Solution at 0:38! That's awesome. 8 years later and still valuable insight. Popped you all a like.
  3. @tbw6: Great Intro! To the point and fast.
  4. @edoardok: The simulator does not appear as an option in the Developer menu. Any ideas why this might be?
btw X-code's simulator is already active.
  5. @andru2625: Very cool stuff!!!
  6. @s0u11ight3r: Thank you so much!
  7. @678guy9: if i use the simulator can i download on it apps from the store ? like a normal iphone?
  8. @DanielMejía-s2e: Thank you for this video! 
Is there any way to test the website with simulator locally, before launching it online?
  9. @shodanlast8742: good ,straight to the point
  10. @abbasannooz3286: Thank you
  11. @jakeambrose4294: mine doesn't do what u did
  12. @Anthonycg95: Simple and clear. Thank You!.
  13. @jewelsayed7643: Can I run Xcode in iMac mini and test website in iPhone simulator?
  14. @LarsRyeJeppesen: But it's testing on iOS devices only?

If that is the case, it's not testing at all

- WWDC22: Demystify parallelization in Xcode builds | Apple: Kind: captions Language: en ♪ ♪ Hello, and welcome to WWDC 2022. My name is Ben, and I'm an engineer on the Xcode build system team. Hi, my name is Artem, and I'm an engineer on the Swift Compiler team. In this talk we're gonna give you a deep dive into Xcode's build process to demystify parallelization inside builds. Ben is going to start with an introduction of the core concepts about builds and look at the available tools that Xcode offers to help investigate build performance issues. He will then explain how Xcode increases parallelization while building a target. Building on top of that, I will explain how Xcode parallelizes a build holistically while building projects consisting of many targets and summarize the takeaways in the end. Ben? Let's re-iterate on what happens when pressing CMD+B in Xcode to build an app. The build system, as part of Xcode, gets invoked with a representation of the whole project, including all source files, assets, build settings, and other configurations like the run destination. The build system is the single source of truth about how an app should be built. It knows which tools to invoke using which settings and which intermediate files to produce to eventually create an app. In the next step, the build system invokes the tools to process the project's input files, for example, the compilers. Both compilers, Clang and Swift, will produce object files that the linker needs to link the executable program that represents the app. While this order makes sense, it's not obvious where it comes from. So let's take a look at one example of that process and how the build system decides in which order to execute all tasks. Using the input source-files, the Swift compiler captures the programmer's intent and translates it into a machine-executable binary, checking the source code for errors along the way. This process can fail, which would cancel the build, but if it succeeds, it creates an object file for each input. Those object files are used to invoke the linker which combines them and adds references to externally linked libraries to produce the executable. The two tasks have a dependency based on what they consume and produce. The object files produced by the compiler get consumed by the linker. This creates a dependency on the build system graph. The file contents itself are not of interest to the build system, but the dependency between the tasks is. While executing the build, it needs to make sure that a task that produces another task's input finishes before said task can start. And since this core concept is valid for all kind of tasks, let's switch to a more generic visualization that shows a dependency between Task A and Task B. In this case, A produces some or all of B's inputs. Compiling and Linking are only a few of many different task types that need to be executed to build a whole target, so let's add some more generic tasks to the graph that represent other types like compiling assets, copying files or codesigning. Together, they represent building a Framework target. Again, those tasks have defined dependencies based on their inputs and outputs. So completing executing task A unblocks running task B and C, while finishing task B unblocks task D and E. Tasks that get unblocked are called 'downstream' and tasks that block 'upstream'. Many projects contain more than one framework target, so let's add two more targets representing an app and an app extension. Targets define dependencies between each other in the project via explicit or implicit dependencies. For example, by getting added to the 'Link Binary with Libraries' build phase. the app embeds the app extension and links against the Framework. The app extension is not using the Framework, so they don't have a dependency relationship. When executing the build graph, different tasks take a different amount of time. This comes down to the level of complexity that is necessary to complete the work, depending on the computation that's needed as well as the size of the input. Compiling many files takes usually much more time than copying a few header files, and taking this into consideration will end up with something like this. When the build system executes this build, it starts by running tasks that don't have dependencies. And once those completed, they unblock downstream tasks and so on, following this process until all planned tasks finished. On following builds, the build system is able to skip tasks for which inputs haven't changed while the output is still up to date. If a task needs to re-run due to a changed input, like B of the App target in this case, downstream tasks have to re-run too if its output changed. Skipping all other tasks allows for very fast turnaround times when iteratively working on the project. This is called an incremental build, but let's stick to full builds for now. The dependencies and duration of the task execution defines the first possible time a downstream task can start. With this information it's possible to calculate the critical path which is the shortest time the build needs to run with theoretical unlimited resources. A common pattern throughout this talk will be to shorten this path to create a highly parallelizable and scalable build graph. A shorter critical path does not necessarily result in a shorter overall build time, but it ensures that the build scales with the hardware. The critical build path defines the limiting factor of how fast a build can be– it cannot complete faster, even if the hardware would allow it. Shortening the critical path is done by breaking up dependencies within it. When looking at how a build performed and to understand more about its execution, the data needs to be plotted based on the time they executed. The width still indicates the length of tasks. Wide elements like these two indicate a long running task while narrow elements like these represent fast finishing tasks. The height of the graph shows the number of parallel executing tasks at a given time. Be aware that this does not directly map to CPU or memory utilization. Empty space originates by tasks blocking its downstream tasks like in those two scenarios. And finally, the color of the elements represent their associated target. I'm very excited to announce that this visualization is new in Xcode 14 and will help understand a build's performance after it finished. The Xcode Build Timeline is a great new addition to the build log. It visualizes based on parallelization, rather than hierarchy to understand the build's performance. The number of rows at given time represents the level of parallelism during that time. The horizontal length of individual tasks represent the duration they needed to finish their work. Empty space in the graph shows where unfinished tasks blocked downstream tasks from starting to execute. Different colors applied to the timeline elements help distinguish the different targets that were part of the build. And on incremental builds, the timeline will only contain tasks that got actually executed, allowing to spot long-running tasks, especially ones which might not have been expected to run during this build. Here's a demo of the Build Timeline in Xcode 14. In this window I opened a copy of the swift-docc project from Github which builds the documentation compiler. To get an overview about the targets that are built for the scheme, let's check out the scheme editor. To open that I click on the scheme and select "Edit scheme". The 'build' tab contains a list of all targets. Targets can explicitly get added to the scheme or implicitly by being a dependency of a target that is already part of the scheme. In this case I'm using a Swift package with an automatically generated scheme for the package, so all targets from the manifest are explicitly defined. This log represents a build of that scheme that I executed earlier. In contains entries for all tasks that the build system executed. The entries are organized in a hierarchy based on the targets they belong to, like the 'docc' target here. To successfully build the executable of that target, Xcode ran all tasks that are represented by the children of this node. Since the build log is currently in its 'All' state, it also shows tasks from previous builds that didn't need to re-run in an incremental build. Selecting 'Recent' only shows tasks hiding all skipped tasks. In addition to that, the build log also supports filters to only show tasks that had issues or even failed. To open the build timeline for this build, I go to the editor options and open the assistant. The build timeline opens next to the build log. Like usual, the editor options provide settings to show the assistant on the right or bottom. I'll stay with bottom for now. The timeline visualizes the same data as the 'recent' build log based on the parallelization of the build. Selecting an element in one also selects it in the other. This enables to see a task's execution in context. The timeline here gives a sense about the tasks that executed in parallel to the selected task. I'm using a pinch gesture on the trackpad to zoom out again. Selecting an element in the timeline shows it in the build log. And since the build log visualizes based on the hierarchical structure, it enables to view which files were compiled as part of this compiler invocation. It also enables to view the whole command line of that invocation. Holding down Option while selecting an area in the build timeline adjusts the view port to fit this timeframe. Here we can verify that linking of the target ArgumentParser is in fact waiting for compilation of the same target. Holding Option while scrolling up allows me to zoom out quickly. The number of rows in the timeline represents the number of tasks that ran in parallel at that time. An empty space like this indicates tasks waiting for un-produced inputs. Ideally, the timeline is vertically filled and has as little empty space as possible. This scales the build graph the best and makes builds faster, the faster the hardware. To achieve this, Xcode comes with many improvements this year to shorten the critical path. Next, let's check out how Xcode defines and builds individual targets as well as how it can increase parallelization. When configuring a target, build phases describe the work that needs to be done to produce that target's product. They are defined in the project editor and can contain a set of source code files and assets to compile, files that need to be copied like headers or resources, as well as libraries that should be linked or scripts that should be executed. Many build phases describe tasks with inputs or outputs from other build phases, creating dependencies between them. For example, a target's source files must be compiled before it is linked. However, this doesn't apply to all build phases. Instead of running tasks from each build phase in a linear order, the build system will consider the inputs and outputs of build phases to determine if they can run in parallel. For example, Compilation and Resource copying can run in parallel because neither depends on any outputs of the other. linking must still follow compilation because it depends on the object files produced by that phase. Now, let's consider a different target which contains 'Run Script' build phases. Unlike other build phases, the inputs and outputs of script phases must be manually configured in the target editor. As a result, the build system will run consecutive script phases one at a time to avoid introducing a data race in the build process. If the scripts in a target are configured to run based on dependency analysis and specify their complete list of inputs and outputs, then the build setting FUSE_BUILD_SCRIPT_PHASES can be set to YES to indicate the build system should attempt to run them in parallel. when running script phases in parallel, the build system has to rely on the specified inputs and outputs. So be aware that an incomplete list of the inputs or outputs of a script phase can lead to data races which are very hard to debug. To mitigate this, Xcode supports user script sandboxing to precisely declare the dependencies of each script phase. Sandboxing is an opt-in feature that blocks shell scripts from accidentally accessing source files and intermediate build objects, unless those are explicitly declared as an input or output for the phase. In this example, neither input nor output.txt are declared as a dependency for that script phase. The sandbox will block the script from reading and writing to both files when building the project. When the script violates the sandbox, it will fail with a non-zero exit code causing the build to fail. Xcode will list all the paths that the script phase was trying to access without properly declaring them. Adding both files as dependency information to this script phase fixes this issue. This way the sandbox ensures that the script is not mistakenly accessing any file other than its declared inputs and outputs. Now, let's explore an example with more than one script phase and see how sandboxing prevents data races and incorrect builds. There are two script phases. The first one reads a text file, calculates a checksum of its content, and writes that value to an intermediate file in DERIVED_FILE_DIR. The other script reads the same text file as well as the produced checksum and injects them into an html file for later display in the app. If the precise set of input and output dependencies for these phases is not declared, Xcode will run the two scripts in parallel when FUSE_BUILD_SCRIPT_PHASES is on. Let's inspect this problematic scenario in detail. Let's assume "Generate HTML" is missing the input declaration of "checksum.txt", but all other inputs and outputs of both scripts have been correctly declared. Without sandboxing, this misconfiguration might stay unnoticed, causing problems in the build. It means Xcode will fail to infer the dependency relation between both phases, and schedule to run them in parallel is switched on. There are a few hazards here. Since checksum.txt is not listed as an input dependency for "Generate HTML" during a clean build the script will attempt to read the file without it being available on the filesystem. The other hazard is if checksum.txt is available on disk because of previous runs of "Calculate Checksum", "Generate HTML" may pick up the outdated file when the two scripts run in parallel. This is a user error, and executing the scripts in a sandbox helps preventing this issue. With sandboxing switched on, "Generate HTML" will fail immediately when it attempts to read "checksum.txt". The error message will guide adding the missing input for that build phase. Having the inputs and outputs correctly defined guides Xcode to respect the dependency relation between both phases so that "calculate checksum" runs before "Generate HTML". While unrelated build phases can still execute in parallel. To enable Sandboxed Shell Scripts for a target, set ENABLE_USER_SCRIPT_SANDBOXING to YES in the build settings editor or an xcconfig file. In summary, sandboxed shell scripts allow having correct dependency information to enable faster and more robust incremental builds since the build system has the confidence to skip script phases if the inputs haven't changed and the outputs are still valid, while re-running the script otherwise. Enabling the build setting for a script's target blocks access to files inside the source root of the project as well as the derived data directory if they are not explicitly defined as inputs or outputs of the script in the project. The sandbox will not prevent unauthorized access to any other directory, so don't consider this a security feature. Using this feature helps to debug missing inputs or outputs of existing script phases to ensure a valid configuration And in combination with the previously explained build setting FUSE_BUILD_SCRIPT_PHASES, script phases with correctly defined dependency edges through sandboxing can execute in parallel to reduce the critical path of the build. That's it for parallelizing the steps of building a target. Now Artem is going to demystify parallelization hen building many targets. Artem: Thanks, Ben. Now that we've covered the basics of build system tasks and phases that may go into building a target in your project, let's take a more global view and explore how Xcode uses dependencies between Swift targets to extract the maximum amount of parallelism out of your builds and how the structure and organization of your project can affect build times. There are likely to be several levels of hierarchy composing your project. For example, an App target depending on a collection of local libraries broken up into targets along semantic boundaries, and in several frameworks. Each target containing many different build phases and steps, producing and consuming file dependencies to and from build phases in other targets. As the size of your project grows, these task graphs tend to increase in size and complexity. While the Xcode Build System flattens these hierarchies, breaking down the build into a sea of tasks that correspond to build phases One kind of task that is special for a Swift target is compilation. Building a Swift target's source code into binary product's is a complex operation that typically consists of many sub-tasks for build planning, compilation, and linking. Coordination of these tasks is delegated to a specialized tool in the Xcode toolchain– the Swift Driver. The Driver has specialized knowledge on when and how to construct the required compiler and linker invocations for the target's source code. Any target that includes Swift code also corresponds to a unit of code distribution: a module. A binary module file capturing the public interface of this target is a build product that is required for downstream targets to begin a compilation. Let's take a closer look at an example of what Swift Driver does to build one of the targets. Your target probably consists of a collection of several source files. In release or optimized builds the driver will schedule one compiler task including all source files to maximize opportunities for optimization. This single compile task will also produce the target's Swift module. In debug or incremental compilation modes, the Swift Driver breaks down the required compilation effort into smaller sub-tasks which can run in parallel, some of which may not need to re-run on an incremental build. Producing a Swift module then requires an additional step to merge together partial intermediate products of each compile task. If, like in this example, the number of source files in your target is high, individual files may also be assigned to batch compilation sub-tasks, according to the build-system's heuristics. The build log highlights which source files get assigned to batch compilation jobs, with a separate entry for each file's diagnostics. Being able to parallelize a target's build across different source files is crucial for both faster and smaller incremental builds, so make sure your Debug builds are using the Incremental Compilation Mode setting. Before Xcode 14, because of the boundary between the Xcode Build System and Swift Driver, orchestration of target build phases, and compilation sub-tasks spawned by each target's instance of the Driver happened independently of each other, with each component doing its best to make the most of available system resources. Let's take this example build graph and dive deeper into what goes into scheduling its compilation phases with respect to each other. As we've learned earlier, Swift target dependencies are resolved by having their dependents provide a binary module file that captures the dependent's public interface. Resolving these dependency relationships leads us to the following ordering, captured in a timeline showing the top-level Swift Driver tasks for each target, as well as their individual sub-tasks. With Xcode 14, thanks to an entirely new implementation of Swift Driver– itself now written in Swift– the build system and the compiler are fully integrated. The Xcode Build System acts as the central scheduler for all tasks that must be performed to compile your code. This central planning mechanism allows Xcode to make fine-grained scheduling decisions providing better guarantees that building your project will use only as much resources as available, without oversubscribing your CPU and reducing overall system performance. And what was previously a collection of islands of sub-tasks outside of Xcode Build System's purview are now fully in a domain of the build-system's scheduler. With all the individual sub-tasks in a central task pool, it is important to consider the trade-offs made by the build scheduler. For example, on an 8-core machine the scheduler's default is to assign available tasks– those tasks whose dependencies have been satisfied and are ready to go– to one of eight available execution slots. As soon as one of the slots frees up, the Build System attempts to fill it with more outstanding work. On a higher-core-count machine, we're able to perform more concurrent work. But that means we're also more likely to have idle cores which are available to perform more work, but all of the outstanding tasks are still awaiting their inputs, as produced by other tasks that are currently in-flight or waiting. The new integrated build system allows the scheduler to significantly reduce this idle time. To see how, let's revisit how a target's dependencies for compilation, binary module files, are resolved. As we've covered earlier, the partial results of compilation sub-tasks are merged into a target's final module product. Once this product is available, downstream targets may begin compilation. New in Xcode 14 and Swift 5.7, construction of a target's module is done in a separate emit-module task directly from all program source files. This means a target's dependencies can begin compilation as soon as the emit-module task is complete without waiting for all of the other compiler tasks of the dependency target. Being able to unblock downstream target compilation this much sooner cuts down on the time spent waiting for available work with idle CPU cores– that empty space in between spurs of activity in the build timeline. Extending this to the rest of our project shows that although we are performing a similar amount of overall work, the build system is able to use the computer's resources more efficiently, often completing the build significantly faster. Now, let's take a look at a second cross-target optimization the build system can perform when building Swift– Eager Linking. Building on the previous example, we've added the linker tasks which are both on the build's critical path. because Target B links Target A, Target B's link task must wait for Target A's linked output to be produced and its own compilation tasks to complete before it can run. However, with eager linking, Target B's link task can depend on Target A's emit-module task instead. As a result, Target B can begin linking earlier in the build, running in parallel with linking Target A and shortening the critical path. How does this work? Normally, the dependency graph of two targets with a linked product dependency looks something like this. Linking the dependent target requires the linked product of its dependencies in addition to the target's own compilation outputs. When linking eagerly, this dependency is broken, allowing the dependent target to start linking earlier. Instead of depending on a linked product of the dependency, it now depends on a text-based dynamic library stub produced earlier in the build process by the emit-module task. This stub contains a list of symbols which will appear in the linked product for use by dependents. You can enable this optimization using the Xcode build setting shown on screen. Eager Linking applies to all pure Swift targets that are dynamically linked by their dependents. To summarize, the Xcode Build System is a sophisticated scheduling engine that seeks to extract as much parallelism as possible by running build phases in parallel. And features like Script Sandboxing allow you to ensure your builds are both maximally parallel and reliable. Xcode and Swift are more integrated than ever. And project structure: its modularization, the overall shape of the graph made up of dependencies between target products and the number and complexity of build phases within them, combined with the available computational resources of your machine– all these are contributing factors to the degree Xcode is able to parallelize and speed up your builds. With this knowledge, and powerful new tools like the build timeline, you are well equipped to examine your project and gain insight into your builds. And if you're curious to learn even more of the behind-the-scenes technical details, many of the technologies we described that are used by Xcode are developed in the open-source. You can find the repository for Swift Driver on GitHub at the link below. For more great sessions about Xcode, check out all new features and improvements from this year in "What's new in Xcode". And learn how Xcode 14's linker improves link times up to two times in the session "Link fast: Improve build and launch times". Thanks for following along. We hope you learned some new insights about Xcode builds. We can't wait to see what you're going to create. Have a great rest of the conference.

- XCConfig Files Explained (Xcode Build Settings) – 2023: Kind: captions Language: en in today's video we're going to learn about configuration files for your xcode project particularly XC config files before we jump into things hit that like button down below hit subscribe also if you're into Iowa as tons of you guys watch but don't subscribe so I don't want to be annoying keep asking but please hit subscribe so let's let's Jump Right In so first and foremost what is a config file well it's a way where you can specify your build settings in a plain text file and you can specify that file in your project that way making it easier to a inspect your settings but more interesting is you can have a number of different configuration files for different purposes so let's say you have different build settings amongst release and debug let's say you have different build settings amongst different flavors of your app so like a beta a staging environment production etc etc so I've got a nice good project open here it's the Rick and Morty app that we've been building for the past several videos on this channel and we're going to add a config file to this so good deal let's see how how to do it so we want to do is we can create ourselves manually or we can just do it in xcode so we're going to say file new and we want to go and select file and if you just search for configuration in here you're going to get two things there's a configuration setting file and a shortcut configuration you want the configuration settings file we can just leave it as a config as the name the important thing here is make sure you have none of your target selected otherwise xcode will include this file in your resource bundle and that's not what you want go ahead and add it and save it wherever you want and just like that it has created your config file and you'll see it actually has the dot XC config extension it just doesn't show up in xcode 14 since extensions are hidden so cool so now that we have this here we have at least comments and actually gives you a documentation link to learn more about it but we already know everything so we're going to delete that so I'm going to paste in here some settings so in this case we have only active architecture which is set to yes and we have Mac OS deployment Target which is set to 11.0 so if you're trying to run or build your project I guess in this case everything should be working fine and that's because we have haven't actually set this config file to be used for our project so to do so we're going to go to our actual top level project here where we can see all of our settings and the Target on the left here and we want to specify to use this config file for our project so I'm going to select our project here and at the top we have this section the second section is configurations and you can see here we can specify our configuration for our entire project level our Target by Target level or for a config figuration level right so in this case we're going to say this project is config this one is config as well and if you actually come here before adding the config file like you just won't see anything in this drop down because xcode will say I don't see anything with the XC config extension so cool cool let me just add those we're gonna hit build and we should start to see everything is still building and if we jump into our Target now and if I come into uh build settings and we search for our Mac OS deployment well let's see if I can find it deployment Target let's see if I can find 11.0 so you'll see here Mac OS is set to 11.0 now what you could do is you could change it here so if I change it to let's say we change it to 11.2 it's a little difficult to see here but you'll see that this row is now bold and essentially what that is xcode doing is it's telling you that you're overwriting whatever value it's picking up from the config file so just some food for thought when you have a config file don't mess around in both places right like you either want to define the setting in your config file and read it from there inheriting any other settings or you want to override it here so just to Showcase a different example so here we have 11.0 let me change this let's see what else is in here I think the highest is 13.3 so let me make it 13.0 and I'll show you how to reset that so I'll make this 13 we'll just do a command s to make sure it's saved and we'll come back here and you'll see that it's still set to 11.2 but if I in indeed hit backspace on it it'll revert to what it's picking up from our config file and just as an example to call this out if it's not clear I just made these two entries in here since they're fairly simple but you can actually specify all build settings and I actually have a video for a great reference where you can learn about every single build setting in here what the values are what's available and what the heck they should be used for so those are config files for your build settings and xcode in a nutshell before clicking away smash that like button for the YouTube algorithm let me know if you've used these in the comments it's either really popular when you're working at a larger company because it helps you more easily inspect these settings versus you know rummaging around in the PB proj file so yeah let me know subscribe as well if you haven't already I'll catch you on the next video [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @Yuto_Ygopro [3 likes]: Hello , i've been watching your channel since i started learning ios a year ago during my internship, one thing i would love to see is how to setup a developement environment, for instance a QA app , a Production App, staging etc..
  2. @robinandthedog [1 likes]: top video, I'm glad to learn these little gems along my journey
  3. @KFrench1123 [1 likes]: Good stuff.  Thank you!
  4. @iOSAcademy: Into iOS? Follow for more https://linkedin.com/in/afrazsiddiqui
  5. @ryansumbele3552: video still relevant you just saved me from the work of setting up config files
  6. @rtorcato: for some reason at the end of the video, I was expecting that you were going to delete all the files in the project
  7. @victorriurean: nice
  8. @njunior1983: Great video as always!
Could you give us the link for the other video you have about Xcode configurations?
You're awesome. Thank you!
  9. @dmitriy6757: can you show more cases when it can be used
  10. @swiftsifu: And always remember to download xCode from the Apple website not the app store. I was pulling my hair out a few weeks ago following your "Stocks" tutorial. My code and config was identical to yours but wouldn't compile and couldn't find a solution. I uninstalled xCode and downloaded from the Apple website and it immediately worked.
  11. @kalpeshjethva598: When you have multiple targets then how to set them? like dev prod stag. how to create build based on that. do we need to create multiple config?

- Xcode Build Configurations & Environment Variables: Kind: captions Language: en welcome back everyone to another technique coding programming tutorial in this video I want to go over a couple things in xcode for iOS that are usually used in production ready apps but aren't really talked about too much until you're on a team or you've seen it out in the wild and that is build configurations and environment variables both of which do really much the same thing and that is to set flags and configure your project to run and for build processes as well um um let's just get right into it I suppose all right so the first thing I want to do is I want to actually go over a little bit about these things because there are a couple differences but also there's a lot of similarities between the two okay so starting off we've got our build configurations now for the build configurations you edit these within xcode and while you can still edit your environment variables within next code you can only edit the build configurations from the next code now you might be able ble to build a script to automatically do this and edit the xcode files themselves but generally speaking that's kind of cumbersome and honestly not necessary because that's exactly what the environment variables will be used for which I'll go over here in a second so build configurations they're found within xcode these also include all of your projects uh well I should say other build settings uh and build configurations things that include like setting what architecture should and should not be built um your app icons your bundle identifiers pretty much all of that is also included in your build configurations the difference being is you can also add custom build settings to these as well now usually when we're using these in a production setting you will have them split up between production staging QA and development if you're unfamiliar with those terms um I highly recommend looking at those up but just as kind of a comprehensive overview those different environments are used to build the app in such a way to test them on different possible run environments so for instance if I have a development build or a debug build as it's sometimes called that's only really for developers to use on their local environments you might have things set up where you have workarounds or or like local development hacks to Auto subscribe yourself as a um to a subscription to avoid having to pay for stuff every single time um for a QA environment you might want to expose certain things to a QA tester that regular beta testers won't have to make their lives easier the staging environment is generally used to completely Mock and clone the live production environment as a last minute test to see if anything's going to break on a live setup before you push that to production it's kind of like a uh last minute check if you will so those are all the build configurations uh and kind of what they're used for when it comes to well X code now as far as the environment variables environment variables are found within the scheme settings of xcode and I'll go over this and I'll show you exactly where all these are in xcode right after this uh but environment variables are primarily found within the scheme settings these are very flexible so these should be used for values that change quite frequently also they can be edited externally so usually a good example of this is when you're using an automated build pipeline so if you're not familiar with that take a look at continuous integration and continuous delivery which is cicd pipelines and you'll get a better understanding of what I mean by those if you take a look but as a general overview again they're automated processes where you could submit your app and commit it to Version Control and then these pipelines would have hooks that will recognize when you push to a certain branch in Version Control and they will automatically build and distribute your app however you have it configured that could be to automatically deploy this for QA testing it could be autom automatically create a build that you can distribute amongst internal testers or internal stakeholders like product owners or the CEO of a company that just want to test these things out uh but those configurations th that will build based off these pipelines can be configured with environment variables that will adjust your xcode build and flip Flags or turn on or off different settings or capabilities in your app for those builds so again if you want a QA tester to have access to certain screens that the public won't have you can use an environment variable to flip that on in these certain builds um great uses of this I already mentioned the development Flags you can turn on or off whether or not you can force a subscription State log levels those are pretty heavily used um things like how much data do you want shown in certain logs or to the user or through email bug trackers what have you in different environments uh as you might notice there are pretty heavy overlaps between these two now you can use both of these to do everything I just said minus obviously you know within the projects within the build configurations those have xcode very specific things that you can't really adjust anywhere else except some of them most of them actually you can adjust an override with environment variables so it's really up to the developer on what they want to use each one for and whether or not there's a need for one versus the other it really is Case by case but gen the general rule of thumb is anything that's not going to change very often add to the build configurations area it's actually really nice and neat the way it's set up and I'll show that here in a second anything that's going to change frequently or you have to have direct access to during the build cycle to specify in the build environment for these build tools use an environment variable for now you can use both at the same time which makes things even more convoluted I know bear with me um I like to call those like hybrid settings so basically what you would do is you would have a build configuration and then you would allow an environment variable to be set that would override the build configuration and I will show you an example of this in the code as well uh but generally speaking build configurations things that are long-standing that don't change very often environment variables things that change very frequently or things that you need to be able to set from the build pipelines come over to my desktop here and I'm going to start a new app and we're going to call this ments we're going to say Swift UI language storage none everything looks good hit next we're going to store it and cool so we have the basics of our our app here so first thing I'm going to do is I'm going to create a new file it's going to be a swift UI view called build info View and then what I'm going to do is I'm going to give us a little bit more space to work here it's going to be a really simple screen so it shouldn't take us too long to actually build this out but I'm going to move this up to give us a little bit more space and then I am going to minimize the left hand side show the preview window again and then we're going to do a list again what we're trying to what we're trying to get to here is is this screen so I'm uh I'm using a list we don't really need a list but I'm using it for styling purposes get a nice little style bump out of it that I don't have to do anything crazy here and then we're going to say section we're going to do a header for the section and right now we're going to do text and we're going to say build config variables Zoom a little bit here so we can see a little bit better okay so for the header what we're going to do is we're going to say frame Max width do Infinity what this does is it forces this text just span across horizontally and we're going to say alignment is leading cool a lot of this stuff is is going to be just straight up basic Swift UI so if you don't know what's going on here I'm not going to go over it in this video just uh take a look at it if you have any questions then you can just Google on your own time uh we're going to say font we're going to use a system font the only thing we're doing here is we just want to specify the size we're going to say font weight oh no font font weight semi bolt for it to stand out a little bit and then we're just going to add some padding to it this will generally only affect this pading right here will generally only affect um the different sections we have in the app okay so next thing we want to do is we want to make a row so we're going to say v stack we're going to give it h stack here what we're doing now is we're recreating one of these rows with this little line here too so we going say h stack text environment we're going to say spacer to push the two texts we have here on opposite ends just for the sake of it right now we're going to add give this a value of debug then we're going to just style this a little bit so we're going to say foreground Style say it's black color with an opacity of 0.6 to fade out just a little bit make it look nice and neat there um cool so next thing we want to do is create that little line we've got at the bottom so we're just going to say rectangle going to say forr style it's going to be uh black with an opacity of 0.6 again and then we're going to say the frame we're going give it a size of one pixel height and then that's it that's all we need cool all right so we got the basics of that so what we're going to do now is we're actually just going to pull these down what I like to do is whenever I use a a view that will only be used in a file in one file I usually just make an extension and then create new views that can be reused more easily in here so this is going to be a header view we say private extension build info view instruct header view view and we're going to pull everything up here in the header down in the body we're going to say bar title string then obviously we need to tell the text element that is going to be a title now we can switch this to header view cool we can we use that we're going to do the same thing for this content right in here that's for one row and we're going to say I'm going to mark this again if you're unfamiliar with these little markings all this does is allows you to click on this little ribbon right here and you can see the sections more easily and you can even type in like header view to filter out and quickly navigate between the different Mar uh marked areas of the file we're going to call this one info row view then we're going to copy everything in this vstack right in here we need two properties call Title value and the title is going to go right here the value right here pretty straightforward stuff nothing we're not Reinventing the wheel here by any means cool now we have a mechanism to recreate everything here so we're going to have one more option in here and it's going to be called base URL and we're just going to say for right now okay so what we're going to do is we're to create a another section so we got two more sections just environment variables and hybrid variables and should be pretty easy just to throw in here give some default values and Just for kicks I'll just copy this one more time to give our last one last section called hybrid variables and we're going to say log level we're give this and we'll say info just for something different we're done so that's the entire view I mean super simple right like it's it's basic Swift UI stuff but um the other thing we got to do now is we got to create a tab view because we're going to have we are going to have one more view in this um and it's going to be conditionally shown based on the environment so what we going to do well two things first off what I like to do in the previews I just like to wrap this in a navigation stack just so I can see the navigation title we are about to give it let's minimize the list and we will say cool so we've got everything we need right there okay so if we go into the content view right here we are going to change change everything inside here and instead we're going to replace it with a tab view now let me scroll up here and move this a little bit so you can see this just a little bit better all right so tab view gives us the navigation at the very bottom that we see right here in order to make this work we're going to say navigation stack so we can see the titles for each of these views and then we're going to say tab item it's going to have a label it's going to be called build info and the image we're going to use is e lipis probably spelled it wrong oh that's right okay this is actually system image there we go we got a little icon right there now Okay cool so then all we have to do is just make sure the build info view is added and everything's right there cool we're good to go okay so now we get into the meat and potatoes of this thing so in order to adjust your build configurations what you need to do is you need to tap on your project name up in the top leftand corner of the project and what I'm going to do is I'm going to bring this back down just a little bit here so we can see everything more easily you're going to click on this the project name and then what you're going to do is go to your build settings and the way you can tell that you already have some build configurations look for anything that has this little drop down Arrow like build options and it says debug and release every single X xcode Project already starts with two build configurations one's called debug and one's called release so you're already doing this and it's you can already switch back and forth between the two to add more you want to click on the project right here go to info and then you can hit this little plus icon right here right underneath the configurations area now we can already see our two existing build configurations but want to add a new one just this little plus icon and you can choose which one to duplicate from um to create a new one generally speaking I usually create new ones from debug because release has an optimization level on there that's different um but obviously it depends on your context do whatever you need to do when you're creating these things obviously each Project's different so I'm just going to create two new ones here one of them is going to be called staging and then another one is going to be called QA if you're not familiar with these terms debug is just local development for developers QA are for builds that are sent to your QA team and these might have some extra options in there like you can show some debug options or might have some subs forced subscription states to make it easier on QA to test staging is just a copy clone of the release environment in order to test what it would be like in release so you can they're like last minute checks to see whether or not there's going to be breaking changes that show up in the release build that you weren't expecting and so you can fix it before you actually release it to the entire world and then release is just the live version that everyone in the world who downloads it from the App Store uses generally speaking these four they make a little bit more sense if you're used to developing on the back end and you have actual servers for each one of these environments not always the case but sometimes it can make more sense if you have previously been a backend developer cool so we have our four build configurations right now you're probably wondering okay well how would I switch between these in the app like I already showed you that xcode will will show you in the dropdown the different build configurations for individual settings and then you could adjust the settings individually from here but in order to quickly change between the two we're going to create more xcode schemes so right up here we're going to manage these schemes and create one for each environment now a real quick aside sometimes you might see multiple targets to do the same thing I personally don't do that um and the reason for that is unless you need a explicitly different info. info file for each Target or for each environment most of the things you can do are are able to be adjusted just from the build settings and I'm talking things like setting app icons changing the bundle ID even um you can do straight from the build settings so I've seen issues with using different targets to get cluttered for the same thing now there are reasons you you would use that um one thing is like signing capabilities uh I think you might be able to actually have a setting capabilities file so you could actually use the build settings for this too but generally speaking there's Niche use cases where uh actually you have them right here so you can actually set set different um setting capabilities right from here so I just I just fibbed so there you go um one of the real use cases though for targets is if you have different extensions such things like uh like everything here like action extension uh background extensions testing Suites are a good example of that but generally speaking I find that build configurations are much cleaner to use rather than having to mess around with multiple targets and then deal with differences between the two um but in any case let's go ahead and create some schemes here so I'm going to go out to manage schemes I'm going to rename this one if I can NOP go back go back edit schemes click on it once click on it again there we go environments uh production and then I'm going to do is I'm going to click on this and click duplicate oh come here duplicate and we're going to call this one debug okay staging and then we're going to have one more no shoot all right I'm clicking all over the place today we have another one and we're going to call this QA okay so we have all of our four environments now in order for it to oh also if you want to actually share this in your Version Control you've got to make sure you click on this shared right here this is what actually shares each of these schemes in Version Control um the nice thing about not sharing it though is if you have to have if you want to create a scheme that only you have access to with your own custom environment variables you can create one and not share it um it'll make more sense once we actually go over the environment variables in a minute but the first thing I need to do is I need to actually set within each one of these environments what build configuration it uses so now that I'm in the schema I'm going to go over to info and I'm going to change the build configuration to release and I'm going to go down each one of these on the left hand side and I'm going to switch it now you can you can mix and match depending on your needs certain version certain options here might be a different build configuration like usually when you're testing it's not going to be the release because there's some optimizations in there so you might want to keep this on debug but for the sake of this video I'm just going to have them all be the same right here so then we're going to go to our debug scheme right here we're gonna say debug debug switch this to debug and keep going down we're going to go over to staging do the same thing just over and over again and finally I believe QA is the last one QA QA and QA QA QA cool okay so now that we switched those we can more quickly just tap on the environment we want and then just by building it after we've selected the schema it's going to automatically switch to the environment that we chose okay so how do we actually use this in the app so let's show that the nice thing about the previews we don't actually have to run the app right now we can actually see the changes in the previews but before that what we need to do is we need to create our own userdefined build configuration setting so there's a so when we create one we click on either the project or Target and then we come up here to the top left right here and we click on this little plus sign user defin setting and then we can say I usually call it app environment app environment and what you'll notice here is that if you want if you have a setting that should be the same for every single environment you can actually tap on the right hand side and just say something like and just give them all the same value this field and then if you hit this toggle button down you can see that it's going to commit to all of those environments now because we're going to have it different on each of the environments we're going to actually delete that and then for each environment we're going to say Dev we're going to say QA this is going to be P to make things easier say stage it make a mental note of how these are spelled because we're going to need the actual value of these within the app now because we added it here we're about halfway to being able to use this in our app like the apps the app's not going to know about this straight up just from putting it in the build settings the other thing we have to do is we have to expose it to the app through the inflow area uh well actually it's on the target itself self uh but before I go over that one thing I want to mention is if you create a userdefined build configuration setting on the project level it's going to Cascade down to all of your targets so all of your targets will have access to it if you want a build setting to be only on one specific Target you need to add it from the target after selecting it the way you can tell whether or not a build setting a build configuration setting is defined in a certain area is the actual setting will be the text will be bolded so right here see how app environment is bolded that means that we defined it on this currently selected area which is the project level if you go to the environment scroll the way down you see how it changes from Bold to normal that's how we can tell whether or not um it was defined here the nice thing is though because this Cascades down you can override these things in on an individual basis within the target so we can say uh quality assurance for instance we can set that and then it will bold this because it says that it tells us that there's at least one value within this array that is custom to this target now if we go back up to the project you can see that nothing's changed on this level but because we overrode something right here here it it is overwritten so if we can actually delete that no there we go cool okay so now what we need to do is I like to make one file we need to be able to access this from within the project um to do that we actually have to go to the info here and add a new key value pair if I don't click off the certain things here and we're going to call this app environment um this little Dash that I just added the only reason I do that is because if I start typing I'm going to get all of these Auto auto corrections or suggestions and for some reason if I keep typing you see that it lowercased a couple of the characters here so to avoid xcode kind of messing with you I just do a dash after first do app and then just go back and delete it so this value this key is what you're going to be you is what you're going to use to access it from within the the code in order to link what's in the build settings to this value we do a dollar sign with curly braces and we say environment now the value here within this value area has to be the same as the key that we set within our build settings this key right here is what we use to access it from the Swift Code so technically speaking this does not have to be the same as what's in this value but let's be consistent so we've done that um now just because we're already on this subject let's add one more so our our our second one is going to be base URL I can't spell and we're just going to give some dummy values here we're going to say htps uh dev. mysite.com and then we'll just switch the domain yeah this going be QA or I should say subdomain we're seeing live prod and then we're going to do this and say staging cool and then we've got one more and this is going to be the hybrid one later on once we talk about the environment variables we say log level and debug is going to be well de QA is going to be info going to be error and staging we'll say info as well Okay cool so we got those so we have to add the base URL and log level back to our info here so we're going to go back here create a new one make sure make sure I Nam this correctly here Bas okay where did I add that right here so dollar sign curly braces okay we got one more and this one is our log level okay so these are all added now in order to actually add these to be able access them from the Swift Code we're going to create new object and we're going to call this global settings say enum global settings also like I said in previous we're actually going to need UI kit here I believe uh no you don't need that Foundation um like I mentioned in other videos the reason you use an enum instead of a structure class here everything inside of here is going to be static and the only reason I use an enom is to tell other developers that this should never be instantiated you can switch it whenever you need or you can change it to your needs but I like to be explicit in this even though we're not ever going to have any cases in this I like to put it as an enom so someone doesn't come out and try to do the whole glob this whole thing and thinking that they can do that so it's a little nitpicky thing but okay so first thing we need to do is actually create a secondary en know called build environment now remember what I told you about keeping a mental note on what the values of I build settings of this app environment where Dev QA prod staging right they have to coincide with this case Dev cool and of course if you're not familiar with these with a a uh underlying value the underlying string is going to take the same format as the ACT actual case name itself so this leaving it just like that would be equivalent of doing this right so we don't need that um we're going to use this to fetch the value from the build settings and then create and just return the actual build environment enum so to do that what we got to do is we have to say static let environment environment equals this okay before I keep going you can technically use a computed property like this do it this way this would be equivalent the reason I don't do that is I like to keep these in memory um either way is valid and honestly speaking this is just preference for me the effect of the differences is just it's so small that you're Pro it's never going to affect anything but this is generally just the way I do it um card let's make some more space here so it's easier to see I spelled that wrong cool okay so what's going on here is we go to the info dictionary which is this which is this right here and we are we're we're Force unwrapping it because if it first off if it doesn't exist we have more bigger issues because it should always exist for these projects and then we are fetching a value of app environment and we're casting it as a string and then we are using the initializer for the build environment from the string to create the enum instance and then we're just returning it now couple things to keep a note of here um you should really have tests you can test this in a test suite and that's probably the best way to do this I'm not going to go over that in this video but it's really useful to actually have a test Suite that will test these things so you don't have to worry about it if a developer comes in changes a string up say like you know they're missing a t in the string or or whatnot um we are forcefully failing this in aned Failure right here that's why we have precondition failure saying that we expect this to fail if this doesn't exist and we want that to happen because app the app really shouldn't be running if it doesn't have access to this um and obviously this can change depending on your needs maybe you'll have one that's that's in some environments some that's not or can't it you know what have you but usually you want these things to exist so now what we can do is we can copy this and go two more times and I accidentally tapped the build button so you can ignore that um okay so we need the base API path which is going to be a string and now we're going to say base URL RL adjust this a little bit here okay and actually this is going to be around the same too so we're just G to change that and this is going to be our log level build config setting technically speaking this might be a good candidate for an enum as well but we'll save that for later cool so now we now we have our settings here so if we go into the build info view now we can actually add these to our view so for the environment we can change this to Global settings. environment. raw value and I just going to capitalize it then for our base URL Global settings. Bas API path and then we have a log level down here no log level down here okay the nice thing about previews too is that they will automatically change based on our state or our schema so you can see that right now we're in the staging schema so every single value in here minus the environment variable that we haven't set up yet is set to what we have for our staging if I switch this to debug this is going to reload and it's going to change just like we expected to this is going to be the exact same thing if I actually ran this so if I go to QA it's going to do the same thing switch to QA all our values there now I can't I can run this in production but I can't actually choose production for viewing the app in the previews and that has everything to do with the optimization level if I click on that you're going to get an error that says you can't build for this optimization level that's fine we don't really need it to prove this point let's go back to debug and we're going to switch all those things out cool that's it that's how you use build configurations so then from here on out if you have something that changes or you want to add a new configuration or setting you can add them all right here and it's nice because you can just toggle them right here and you can avoid any un any unnecessary conditional logic to switch between these because a code's doing that for you in the build which is nice okay so the next thing we have to do too is the second way of setting variables in your project and that is environment variables in xcode are set within the schema um itself so if we're in debug if we go to edit schema come to run run sorry rather uh go to arguments they're right here environment variables they can be anything you want just like the configurations so we're going to add one and we're going to call it loog log level actually before I do that we're going to say Force subscribe I'll go over hybrid variables here in a minute and we're going to say true these are always strings so when you check these values from within X code you have to check them against strings okay so we have four subscrib we're going to close that now what we're going to do is we're going to go back to our global settings we're going to minimize this area we're going to mark this say build we're going to come down here and do an extension going to mark this as okay so the way you access these is a little bit different because you're actually getting the process info rather than the info diary values so we're going to say static and just for sake of some variation I'm going to actually do this into a uh computed property Force subscribed State Pool say like key equals and double check to make sure I I'm using the same for subscribe these two these Keys have to match with what's actually which with what the environment variable actually is uh we're going to guard process info do process info environment environment contains we going to say key equals key else return false okay then we going to say return all this stuff key now the reason we're you hold on equals true so this this is where we have to compare it against the string so true or false um but this can be pretty much anything you need uh let's see so you might be wondering why I'm returning a default value and I'm checking whether or not this key exists so environment variables can be toggled on or off depending on things you should develop in such a way that you can expect the environment variables to possibly not be present which is what happens if I click this off if I click this on it's available if I click this off it's not going to be included in the build and it's not going to show within this environment dictionary so you want to make sure you solve for the the uh the use case where it doesn't exist at all cool that's it that's all we got we have access to this variable now what we can do and it's still off but before I turn it on I'm going to go over to my build info area and I'm going to do GL mobile settings do for subscribe State and actually what I'm going to do is I'm do this cool so it's off right now so it's going to default to false right here like we saw and what I can do is I can actually do this so we can see a little bit more easily if I turn it on on that it's going to rebuild and then it should turn to true true there you go that's all you have to do for environment variables now again this these are really really useful as well because say you want to just do some temporary environment variables to test your own functionality on your own git Branch you can duplicate this and we'll say we'll just leave it as copy and we're not going to share it I can go into that go to arguments and then create all my own environment variables and set them within the uh project just to toggle certain things here or there if I want to um so they can be very very useful now I'm going to delete that again just so we're all the same page we're going to go back to our no debug cool so there you have it that's build configurations and environment variables the last thing I want to show you is this hybrid variable stuff so right now our log level is technically within the hybrid variables what I mean by hybrid variables is you can have a build that can then be overridden by an environment variable so it's kind of like The Best of Both Worlds if you expect a value to not really change that often but you might need to adjust it within a cicd pipeline or a build pipeline this is the best of both worlds and you can have a environment variable just override it um generally speaking it's actually not that hard to do so if you go back into debug edit scheme we going to add another environment variable called log level and we're going to give this one warning because I don't I haven't used warning in any other area so this is going to be a nice test to see if it shows up going hit close uh did I turn that one on it is on okay so we're going to go back to our global settings now we're going to Mark another area settings one thing that's important with these though all of the old ways of fetching these should be private we don't want a developer to accidentally use these in other areas of the app espe because we want a One Lo one localized spot that has the default fallback to be used so we want to make sure that no one's using the methods to fetch individual values from the build settings or environment variables we want one method that uses both so down here we're just going to copy this down here we're going to say log level and then we don't need to this is an aoan so we're actually going to do this and we're going to return nil if it doesn't exist so we're returning the actual string value if it exists if not we R turning nil uh for subscribe State this should be log level varable and then we're going to say static VAR log level string and all we're going to do is we're going to say log level environment variable and then fall back to the log level build configure setting and I did not make this private there so now if we go back into our build info area and we switch this to our new log level it's at warning so now what happens is if I have this value and I turn this off it's going to default to whatever is in the build configuration which is debug let's go back and check it just to make sure log level debug is debug and when we turn it back on log level close it's going to rebuild and it's going to be warning so that's it so there's a lot of value into using this these things are really useful when it comes to um switching out different types of settings and configurations within the app on that not let me show you how to actually use this so and it's a really cool method it's a replacement for pre-processor methods that you might be used to seeing so if I come back in here I'm going to create a new view and we're going to call this debug View and I'm just going to copy and paste this in here because I don't want to spend too much time doing this because the point isn't the screen itself the point is getting to the screen but basically all this is doing is I've got two options here and each one of them will just show an alert if I go into the live previews here each one of them just shows an alert and that's it now if I come back to my content view I'm going to create a new tab conditionally based on the environment so we're going to say if this is going to look a little weird at first but bear with me go go here so we can scroll down and see this a little bit easier okay so if we scroll down what this is doing is it's saying if you say Dev see how this shows up okay so this is an alternative to doing this so this is a pre-processor method if you've if you've never seen this before what's going to happen is that any code in here if we are under a environment that is labeled debug it's going to compile compile this code else is going to compile this code and X code will tell you see how this is uh faded out a little bit I don't know if you can see that let me let me try to zoom in here for it's not working so anyway um see how this text is faded out a little bit xcode tells us that we're in this environment so it's going to compile this it's not going to compile this um so they're very useful the the they can be kind of ugly as you can see and if seeing these everywhere just drives you nuts sometimes the uh formatting so a lot of people will want to do this to maybe look it nice and neat xcode goes nuts when it comes to that it doesn't allow you to do that if that's the way you want to format it there might be a setting but I just avoid it um it's up to you there's nothing wrong with doing it this way there are some benefits in compile size when doing it this way if you have have large bits of code that should be compiled in one environment versus another generally speaking the footprint savings you get from this is not too much on an average app but it's still valid what I like to do though and I think what works a lot better is this so now that I have my environment set up this says if the current environment is within this array run this code so I can just say okay the development environment. QA environment do staging all these environments in here if the project is built with one of these environments active it's going to show this option so for instance what I usually do is every single app I build has a debug options view right here now if you go into that view let me it's going to show a little uh let's see here but let me run this real quick it's going to be easier to show you that way rather than in a preview um and it's going to take a few minutes to load here because these simulators love to be slow but once it's up and running we'll bring it back in U but in any case in every app I have I have a debug option view when you're in the debug options area you can do pretty much whatever you want the nice thing about having this kind of an area is that you can add if you have a new flow that has multiple screens or it's got some research and development type screens that not quite ready for production also not quite ready to even be seen by anybody else you can stick them in the debugs menu area and then you don't have to worry about it sneaking out into the wild if it happens to actually um make it into a production build okay so finally built here so if you look at the debug debug options area like I said before it's a great area to stick things that should make it into production you can put pretty much anything in here you can expose data from your database right here uh a good example is sometimes people have certain criteria that need need to be met in order to show the review dialogue things like has the user entered this screen a certain number of times how they done this you can list that information from the debugs area debug options area um and test whether or not that criteria was hit to see that screen very useful for QA individ for QA developers by the way uh but in any case you don't want this to show if you're in any other environment than dver QA so to do that we can just wrap this in this array and just say hey if we're in these two environments show this the other thing that's really useful and I think it's actually better than those pre-processor methods you can create predefined environment arrays so you know something like let Q uh QA environments or I don't know uh debug View at environments equals build environment equals you know dev. QA and then you just pass this around so instead of that it would be debug view Ms obviously you could probably wrap this in a better object and and do this you know more intelligently than what I'm doing here um but you have those options so this is one one way of actually using that environment and and you know and these build settings the last thing I want to go over and then you know promise this will be the end of the video is that you can actually set your app icons um with this as well so what we're going to do is I'm going to go in and add some icons real quick here app icon we're going to do another one okay so staging give QA give this one thing you're going to notice if you're a developer who's been working on a longer project project is that Apple has changed xcode where all you have to do is add a 1024x 1024 image for the app icon and it will automatically parse it out and for every single platform it should have done it 10 years ago but it's nice to have it in there now so as you notice the only thing that's different in these app icons I actually have staging QA and develop right in the app icon this is very useful if you want to be able to discern the different builds in test flight because test flight doesn't necessarily change the uh display name you can change it if you really want to but it's much easier to have an app icon that has a difference depending on the environment than it is to have differences in app names and all that stuff it's one of the clearest indicators that something's different this is a very useful way to do this so if we come if we come back to our main area here go go to the Target General come down to app icon hit this little plus icon we can change these on an individual environment basis so app icon I think I named it Dev right uh let's see we'll have to check that here in a second QA and then this is just staging and let me double check that I did name a Dev okay um it's going to change it's going to change the app icon based on that so if I rerun this I'm in the debug or Dev so right now we don't have an app icon but if I rerun this and go back home you can see try to blow this up a little bit you can see right here that the app icon actually changed now if I if I go back and I switch it to staging hit run again I go back home you can see that this actually changed it staging super super useful when it comes to test flight and giving people builds because they don't have to enter the app to actually see what build they're on um the last thing I wanted to mention is that you can do the same thing with the app display name right here click on this little plus icon and you can change this to and Dev QA enter then we're going to we're going to run this app one more time and you'll see that the app display name changed as well right here um and then of course if you go back into your build settings and you look up name you'll notice that xcode actually adds those settings right here so you can change it from within the build settings as well same thing with the app icon right down here and that's it those are everything so I'm hoping this gave you a better understanding of how to configure the app these are heavily used in Enterprise level apps especially the ones that use a build process like bit rise or xcode Cloud so if you wanted to know what a production ready app looks like this is one step closer to that there are a couple other things too such as you don't you can store API Keys such as like a Sentry key or anything else within the build configurations in variables there are some risks to doing that most mostly due to security um it's up to the developer to really understand when and when not to use that but as a general rule of thumb if there's very very little risk as far as like if someone does hack and steal those values if it doesn't really matter to you or if it's such a low risk that you're like look it's such a low risk I'm going to take the chance um it's not worth my effort to go through all the security loophole uh you know Loops just to secure this one thing I'm just going to add the Bild configurations that's up to the individual developer usually people say that um to be as secure as you can be store that on the back end and then let the backend API of your own server proxy the requests to these third party platforms um but that's up to you I'm not going to tell you what to do and what not to do because every project is unique but I hope this helped you out I hope it gave you a better idea of how you can configure an app and certain things that are actually used in production ready Enterprise level apps um but yeah so if you like the video uh hit the like button down below it's going to help me out a lot I want I keep making these videos so the more people who subscribe and actually watch the more videos I'm going to start making um and definitely subscribe subcribe uh but yeah let me know in the comments below if you want me to expand on anything or if you want to see anything new or different um in the meantime happy coding

  Top Comments:
  1. @TopOnePercentEngineer [2 likes]: helpful :face-red-heart-shape::face-red-heart-shape::face-red-heart-shape:
  2. @Michael-gv7dr [1 likes]: Yeah, this is by far the best video available for setting up the environment.
  3. @adrianpiedra9936 [1 likes]: Wonderful tutorial, I was looking for this information because we are about to start a company project and I wanted to implement this kind of configurations to have the project organized, thank you very much for share this information.
  4. @ptran2209 [1 likes]: This was really helpful, thanks! At the start you mentioned environment variables is good for use in automated builds with CI/CD. It would be good to have seen a bit of a demo on how that works. Thanks again!
  5. @DonatB98 [1 likes]: Amazing video! From time to time when I downloaded projects that weren't my own, i would run into these build configurations, but i never knew how they were created or their benefits. Well, now I'm more than enlightened, and you have my thanks friend, I appreciate your in-depth videos on these topics that are so important, and unless i had a senior dev on my shoulder to teach me the ropes, i would've never learned about these. Keep them coming, they are appreciated! <3
  6. @LeoBrown-f2b: Great information, thanks a lot!
  7. @shreyavakil1430: This video was a life saver. Spent days trying to figure out the environment setup until I landed on this. Thx
  8. @franku3510: thank you brotha really saved my ass ! What about .xcconfig ? I have a bunch of different values for diff envs like AUTH_ENDPOINT, TOKEN_ENDPOINT, USER_INFO_ENDPOINT, REDIRECT_SCHEME, would be a pain to add them individually
  9. @ak68a-o3l: This was really helpful. How would you handle Firebase GoogleService-Info files?
  10. @shrikantchidgopkar4403: Thanks for the helpful video. Could you please do a video on generating builds for different environments using continuous integration?  And may be some scripting to automate the process of setting different build and environment variables. That would be very helpful for learners to see how different environments  are configured in real world.
  11. @joschua6523: Crazy helpful! I'm amazed it was so hard to find such a solid video.

Would love to hear a bit about your process for release management next! How do you distinguish a staging build from a release build?
  12. @bjp_for_2024: code pls

- Create Build Configurations in Xcode Through Schemes(Dev, Prod, Staging, Local): Kind: captions Language: en great thanks to god that i'm able to share and you are able to listen so my today's topic is like how you can create different different how you can just configure your api base urls through different different schemes right so quickly without wasting the time i'll go there and i'll tell you like how you can create it my app project you will create for the fresh on your desktop and now listen one thing here one project is available in that project what you need to do debug and release mode is there you need to copy that those debug and release for your schemes like schemes suppose your qa your tester team testing team is saying we have demo staging production and qa environment then how you can just create them right so it will be your qa environment you can just repeat the process for release or suppose you can just say you environment and you can say demo and you can say release demo and the last one will be your [Music] production yeah it will be broad and the final will be duplicate release so you need to repeat the same process like i'm just doing the dev broad demo and qa and local environment will be there so total five environments are there how you will manage them you will go there you will create a local uh you will create a class the class name will be server config something and this server config what it will do it will check class server config let's get i'm sorry static let's share some config and that will be my server configuration class right so this is the class now a variable will be there which will be represent base url that should con come from my selected environment so i'll create a function setup server config something like that and in that what i'll do hash f it will be the local then i need to key like give the key like that and self do this url will be what that i need to just add here i'll create a public enum and this will be my base url in them and it will be the local in this case like i will just give the raw value of string and it can be http and xyz dot local or something like that anything in the local i'm just saying like it will be a dev only and same cases you can just repeat for rest cases right so one will be the qa then it will be a qa and one will be the prod and then it will be broad and at the end it will be the demo then it will be the demo for testers now this you need to use here base dot what we selected local dot robot and you will copy this and say else if conditions will be same it will be the qa then you need to make qa and so on right so it's pretty simple now prod now how you will define those active compilation flags broad q and local that i'll tell you and at the end you need to make and if so this is the function but still remember we did not created local qa prod and demo things so it will not call there if you will make the breakpoints by default it will go with the debug environment right so what i'll call this one app delegate here right server config dot share dot setup setup server configuration like that so now the main thing you need to go and just do somewhere else you need to select this my app build setting and active compilation active compilation will be there yeah active compilation conditions so you saw active compilation conditions are there already by default debug will be the debug and all things are coming because we copied from the debug only but what we need to do we need to go there and plus sign and this normal debug will work for us like local right so same for normal release we need to give the local like that then you need to give the same you need to repeat the process for everything demo then you need to repeat the process for dev and so on all right pretty simple so that we done here and also in the debug debug is fine but we need to add the demo here and we need to add the dev here and we need to add the prod here and we need to add the q a here that's one right so all places remember debug and release both places your environment flag should be there active compilation flag should be there now the last part you need to manage the schemes you'll go there and you will see my app is there only you will just set my app dev my app qa my demo and my app prod right like that you can just create for environment now your responsibility is to like check their at you need to edit their schemes one by one so i'm just repeating the process for all so once if it will be the my app then i'll go and i want the behavior like whatever existing build configuration whatever things are there release debug i don't want to disturb them right now into the dev into the dev what i will go and just do i'll check whatever it is there into the run i will convert debug deb that's all if it is a debug debug dev if it is a production product release if it is a analyze analysis debug dav like that release is there then release dev like that you can just change them quickly all the selected things it will take some small amount of time for sure but yeah things will be perfect in the run also deeper q demo then i need to go for the demo for the same things and go to demo debug demo release demo analysis and the release demo now the final selection will be the prod and release prod analysis debug broad profile release prompt and a test debug prod and run will be the debug pro that's all so now everything is all set now once you will make a breakpoint on your server configuration here and you will run the app and select the scheme things will work over there so i'm testing this my app from the my app which is local so it should come here once you will hit this it will come here yes so application launched and inside the local it is working right now i want to tell you i'll change the dev it should come into line number 20. i think breakpoint was not well uh db mi dev i did not register the teb as well so that's why sorry yeah i need to register dev as well because local is and dev is different so i will register one more case here dep right and it will be my deb then again i will rerun actually local will be the different because so now can you see it is coming on dev perfectly so so on like you can just check it out and all things will work perfectly now the last scenario i want to tell you how you can just check up this environment using ports right so what you need to do you can just go to the desktop and you can create a port file here so you will open the terminal and you will go there and just set it up like that cd and now what you need to do you can say port install port init once you will do the port in it one file will come here now you need to do code install and it will install the port and your app will convert like this so now suppose you are in existing project and which is loaded with my ports then how i need to cons can work over there right so for this what i'll do like right now it have the board situation is looking if you will go to the ports all the environments are there right so tomorrow if new environment will come what you need to do you don't need to do anything otherwise you will confu confuse once you will add one more scheme what you need to do suppose i'm just let let me add this as well i'm just adding one more scheme here so suppose i'll say debug configuration and i'll say other something like that and release will be my other environment and if i'm just creating other that means i'm creating another another scheme as well so what i need to do i can create and manage one more scheme which will be my app and it will be other now what you need to do for this you don't need to forget to add the other into the build setting uh active compiled compilation conditions so here like you will see other is available so for the other you need to change this to the other and release and debug other will be there then you need to change this to other right like that so now what what thing you need to do is again like if you are just selecting other then it should be deeper deeper rather release other analysis other and archive other right but what you need to do at the end in the ports it is not available right other is not don't know about this thing right so once you will run this maybe it can give you error right so what error will be there framework will say like actually what you are just using one thing is not available debug other right into the iphone simulator so for get rid out from this what you need to do you need to do this board install only once that is more than sufficient otherwise you will be in problem then again you will see the port other will right other is there automatically and you will go and just check the application there also uh if you will go and just check internal things of this information ports will be there ports my app is there and for the other also so it will take a copy and it will create a debugger and everything right so and it will run perfectly so once you run this it will run so that's all about uh everything about the server configuration for the base url only that part you can do with a uh dot configuration class is also there xc config class is also there but for the simplicity i just created this so that quickly you can just implement in your project projects running projects right so you can just create the schemes and battery you need to give builds from these schemes so that development will go smoothly right if you like this video then please just share with with your friends and subscribe it for future updates thank you

  Top Comments:
  1. @mind_games_eng [1 likes]: this cannot be the correct answer, mate. you are writing your own serverconfig. there has to be a simpler way
  2. @schrodingrrr [1 likes]: Nicely done. Thanks for the vid.
  3. @michaelappiah-kubi2829: ios😓😓😓
  4. @DenisBrilliantov: :yt:
  5. @miteshdobareeya4634: Thank you so much for too easy implementation.
  6. @AnkitYadav-ed3gs: Hii, what to do if I'm having two different googleInfoplist for dev and prod environment.
  7. @sneakgamesofficial: Can you send me the source code
  8. @dhavalnena7386: Very helpful, Thanks a lot!
  9. @nat.serrano: how do you push/merge your dev changes to prod schema once they’re ready?
  10. @mallikarjunhanagandi4976: Nice video bro 👍
  11. @zayan184: simple and worthy 👌
  12. @anuragwhocodes5383: Very nice 
Keep it up
  13. @vaibhavshiledar: Thank you sir, for making useful tutorial.

- WWDC24: Xcode essentials | Apple: Kind: captions Language: en Hey Software Engineers! My name is Myke and I’m a Project Manager for Xcode. And I’m Cheech, and I'm a designer on the Xcode team. Whether you're a veteran of Apple SDKs or a new developer on our platform, we're going to show you the essentials of working efficiently in Xcode so that you can cruise through the development cycle with speed, clarity, and joy. Every day we edit, debug, test, commit and repeat. When our project is new, this cycle is quick, little research is involved, But, as our projects and teams grow, or when we join a new team, the balance shifts and getting started on the problem, becomes half the problem: adding features and fixing bugs involves more research, so we can make the right changes in the right places. The good news? Xcode has tons of features to help you find the code you need to make your next change. I’m going to show you how to make edits faster. Then Myke will walk you through debugging and testing your changes. Once you’re ready to share your app with an audience, it's time to distribute. There’s a ton of functionality in Xcode, including a lot of power features. You’ll learn how to harness these features to find the right code to edit, by effortlessly moving between files. We’ll learn Xcode’s most powerful key commands, and I’ll share a few tricks so you can get the most out of git. Let’s start with: how to find the right content. If you’re opening Xcode for the first time, you might think to yourself “Wow, there’s a lot going on.” And you’re right. Everything you need to swiftly iterate on the development cycle is already embedded into Xcode. On the left-hand side of the interface, each navigator gives you a different perspective of your project. In this view, the project navigator is selected: showing my project’s file hierarchy. If you’re in the flow, creating new files and writing code and find that you’re navigator is chaotic, well, first I’d recommend adding a folder or two, then try typing a file’s name into the bottom bar to find it. Remember the power features I mentioned? Turns out, there are specialized filters in many of the navigators. If I start typing, and my text matches one of these filters, you’ll see a menu pop-up above the input, offering additional functionality, like filtering by target name. The icons that appear at the right of the bottom bar also change based on the navigator. Clicking the icon on the far right, filters the files by git status. This makes it easy to return to files in your upcoming commit, while showing them in the context of your whole project. If you have commitment issues, in Xcode, try using this filter to easily review changes before committing. Filtering is great if you actually know the file name, but what if you can’t remember what the file is called? I know, that doesn’t happen to me either, let’s just pretend. In this situation, I recommend Xcode’s Find Navigator. Command-Shift-F will take you there. The Find navigator allows you to search across your entire project. Sometimes the search only has a handful of matches, and the results are all you need. Other times, you’re searching for something that appears all over your project, so you need to narrow down the results. This happens to me way too often. Luckily, Xcode’s got you. Here are some tools you can use to quickly find the desired result. If you guessed the bottom bar, then you nailed it. Just like the project navigator, you can use the bottom bar to narrow a search. Try filtering for additional words on the matching lines, or by file names to see results in that file. But if you’re not quite sure what you’re looking for, here are some nifty ways to interact with the content in the navigators. To scan the file names before looking at any of the text matches, I’ll hold Command while clicking on the disclosure arrow to the left of a file name, and collapse all of its siblings. This works on all outline views in Xcode. Now, I’ve decided I don’t want to make any changes to “padding” in the first 3 files, and I want to remove them from my search to focus on the more relevant files. I’ll go ahead and select, And press the Delete key to remove them. Don’t worry, I didn’t just delete a whole bunch of code. Those files still exist, but they’re hidden from the current query. Now I can focus on the results I care about. If your query is like mine, and has a lot of matches, but you only care about files in certain groups, Use the menu beneath the search field to focus the search. You can choose any of the groups containing the file you’re editing. Choose "Custom Scopes…" to pick a different group, or even multiple groups. If you find you’re often using the same search scope, save it and it will show up in the initial menu in the navigator. Filter Xcode’s symbol index from the menu that opens when you click the word “Text” above the search field. "Descendant Types" is excellent for getting an overview of a class hierarchy. Have you ever wanted to copy and paste something to the find search field, just to realize that you already had important info copied and now it’s gone forever? Luckily, macOS has a solution. Press Command-E with any text selected, and it will go into the find field, leaving your clipboard intact. This works in any macOS app. Neat, huh? Ok, so we’ve covered filtering and searching to find the right content, now I want to show you some handy ways to move between files. First is the tab bar, located towards the top of the source editor, underneath the toolbar, its a great way to switch between documents. Even though we’ve been to a handful of files today, I only have 4 tabs open in the tab bar. Why is that? Turns out, Xcode has 2 types of tabs. There are permanent tabs for the documents I’ve shown explicit interest in, like editing code. Then there is an implicit tab, that Xcode creates for files I’ve only passed through. It disappears when I exit the file. You can tell the implicit tab from the others because of its italicized title. If you’d like to make a tab permanent without editing it, you can choose “Keep Open” from the context menu, or double click on the tab. Finished a task and ready to close out a bunch of tabs at once? Instead of closing each tab individually, try Option clicking the close button of one tab to satisfyingly close all of the others. To the left of the tab bar, the back and forward buttons work as, well, back and forward buttons. But, if you click and hold one, like the back button, you can see a full history. Immediately jump to the desired location without having to click the button twenty or so times. To the left of the back button, is the related files menu and its name is likely self-explanatory. There’s a recent files list, and then different types of symbolic relations will appear based on the text: like subclasses of the current class, or callers of the current function. There’s all sorts of stuff to explore in here. The three buttons to the right of the tab bar are for configuring the editor UI. The middle button controls the editor layout. You can add a SwiftUI Preview, the editor mini-map, and line accessories like blame or code coverage. Sometimes your navigator is already showing important info, and you want it to stay put. Remember our find query from earlier? But, you still want to jump between related files. You could poke around the tab bar, or you could use the jump bar. Located just below the tab bar, the jump bar shows the path to the current file. Every step in this path is interactive. Click on an item to view neighboring files. These lists can get big, and if you’re like me, navigating large menus can be disorienting. Start typing, and a filter field will appear in the top of the menu, and you can, that's right, filter the menu. Many menus in Xcode have this functionality. Try it out. To find an item from the jump bar in the project navigator, press Command-Shift-J. Try this when you want to create new files near the current file. And there are a whole bunch of ways to create a new file in Xcode. You can get an empty file, skipping the template chooser, from right clicking just about anywhere. If you want to use the format of an existing file to create a new one, copy & paste, or duplicate are classics. My personal favorite is to hold option then click and drag an item to copy it. I use option drag for everything. Maybe your file is getting too big. You can cut some of it to the clipboard, using Command-X, then right click anywhere in the navigator. Hold option and some of the menu items will change. Choose “New file with contents of clipboard.” Alternate menu options, revealed by holding option, are another power feature on Mac. Clever, huh? Or you can paste the content directly into the navigator and Xcode will create the new file for you. If you make a mistake in your code, it’s rare, of course, Xcode will annotate the line with a warning or error. These annotations are interactive. If it has more info than you can see, click to open and show the rest of the information. If there is more than 1 issue on a line, click to open. If the compiler has a fixit, you guessed it, Then click Fix to apply the fix-it Fix-its offer suggested fixes for syntax errors as you write code. When the issues turn gray, that means you’ve changed the file since the issue last refreshed. If the issues disappear, you’re in the clear. But if they stay? You’ll have to try again, my friend. You can actually insert your own warnings as a form of task management. Type this mark: “#warning" with a message into the editor. For those of you who have 238 unread text messages, you know how you are, error annotations are probably great. Personally, I prefer a clean slate. Bookmarks are where its at. Right-click anywhere in the editor, to add a bookmark to a line. They’re a great way to privately manage tasks. Plus it feels great to check them off in the bookmarks navigator. Looking for a more permanent annotation? Try adding Mark comments to your file. They act as section titles and they appear in the mini-map, and the editor content jump bar segment. Wow, there are a lot of ways to move between files. Hopefully, you’ve picked up something new. I’ve mentioned a lot of key commands thus far, but believe it or not, Xcode has even more shortcuts to leverage. Open Quickly is the closest thing Xcode has to teleporting: it’s the fastest path between point A and B. Just press Command-Shift-O from anywhere, then type in some part of a file or symbol name, and open quickly will immediately give you a list of destinations. It uses code completion-like matching rules, so you can type any of the unique words in your destination name to get there immediately. If you include a slash in the query, you can match file paths instead of file names, and you can end a query with a colon, and the line number, to get to a specific line. Maybe you’d prefer to open the file in a new split instead. Hold Option when pressing return And now you can view the two files side by side. Check out Xcode’s navigation settings to customize modifier behavior. Xcode has SO many powerful commands, we’re running out of keys to create new ones. I have my favorites memorized but instead of sifting through menus for the rest, I use Quick actions. Command-Shift-A opens quick actions, where you can do a search of Xcode’s commands with natural language. You can explore and customize Xcode’s many unique commands by navigating to the Key Bindings tab in the Xcode’s Settings pane. Here are some of the go-to commands amongst our team: “Jump to Definition”, which you can invoke with Command-click, will take you to the definition of a function or type. Use Option-click to “Show quick help”, and see either the documentation for the clicked symbol, or for Swift variables, to see their inferred type. “Edit All In Scope”, which you can invoke by pressing Command-Control-E with text selected, and rename a symbol and all of its occurrences in the current file. You can see all of the callers for the current function by selecting “show callers” when you right click. If a function call is running on, try “Control-M” to reformat it to many lines. Trying to figure out where a matching paren, bracket or quote is? Double click on one side to jump to the other. You can use Option and the arrow keys to move by word. And also use Control with the arrow keys to move by subword. And Command-Left or Right is helpful if you’re familiar with pressing Home and End to move to the beginning and end of the line. These text movement commands are essential with the source editor’s multi-cursor editing feature. Creating a repetitive switch statement or initializer, and need to do the same thing to many lines? Hold Control-Shift, then click where you’d like to insert multiple cursors to create multiple statements at once. If you need to put similar code into several places, you can create a template with the same placeholders you see in code completion by surrounding text with these characters. Xcode’s code completion helps you complete your code, even when you can only remember a few words. In Xcode 16, predictive completions suggest whole statements and methods based on the surrounding code. These completions appear inline with your code. And you can press the Tab key to accept what’s shown. Or hold Option to expand the entire prediction. Press Option-Tab to accept the whole thing. Here’s a pro tip, your comments and variable names help inform the predictions: the more expressive you are, the better the predictions will be. The completion window packs a lot of functionality into a small space. You can see the full type signature of a method at the bottom of the window. You can hold Option when choosing the completion and press Enter to accept all of the arguments. If you’ve ever used vim before, then you know it’s tough to quit. Xcode makes it easy to toggle in and out of vim mode in the Editor menu. And Xcode 16 supports vim's repeat command as another form of multi-cursor editing. Maybe you enjoy moving around the line without using the arrow keys: Xcode also supports all of the native macOS text editing interactions, which includes support for many basic emacs commands, like Control-A, E, P, and N, along with many others. Now let's look at some quick tricks to get the most out of git. Imagine you’re fixing an error, and want to know more about how it came to be, Right-click and try “show last change for line”. You’ll get an overview of the commit for that line. It’s like a focused version of blame. Just be ready to find out that you introduced the problem. When you’re ready to review all of your changes before making a commit, preview the upcoming commit in the changes navigator. Take a moment to appreciate your progress before staging your changes, committing, and going to lunch. Let’s recap how to make edits faster in Xcode: we talked about how to Find the right content by Filtering content in the navigators, and using the Find Navigator. We learned new ways to Move between files using the Tab bar, Jump bar and with annotations in your code. Don’t forget to leverage Xcode’s many shortcuts using open quickly & quick actions And lastly, we talked about a few tricks for using git. Now I’m going to pass it to Myke to talk about Debugging. Thanks, Cheech! Debugging is all about finding the right code to change. You might know exactly which line is misbehaving, but it's often unclear why. The code might execute hundreds of times and then something goes wrong. And sometimes a seemingly innocuous bug may just be setting things in motion for a much more distant failure. I’d like to show you some cool tricks for using breakpoints and then I’ll show you how to make your print statement debugging way more effective. First, let me show you some of the features of breakpoints to help you isolate these problems, especially in high traffic code. When things are simple, just click on a line number to add a breakpoint and your program will stop when it gets to that line. If the breakpoint would be hit too frequently to be practically useful, here are some techniques to try. You can use two breakpoints in tandem. Let’s say you have a busy function running constantly, that also runs just after you click a button in your app, and it’s only that one invocation that's problematic. Add a breakpoint to your button handler, and add a second breakpoint to your busy function. Disable the breakpoint in the busy function by clicking it a second time. When you run your program, hit the breakpoint in your button handler, and re-enable the breakpoint in your busy function then continue. Now you'll hit that second high traffic breakpoint in just the right state. When you’re done with those breakpoints, drag them out to remove them. If you have an operation that’s unexpectedly failing with a thrown Swift error, it can be difficult to find where the error is originating from. You can stop at the throw, instead of the catch, by adding a “Swift Error Breakpoint” in the breakpoints navigator. Your app will stop immediately right where any error is thrown. If your application is regularly throwing and catching expected errors, this breakpoint might be a little too active. Consider using the breakpoint enabling technique from earlier to scope the Swift error breakpoint. Sometimes one of those busy functions already has enough info to filter the interesting cases from the noise. For example, I know this function only fails for a specific connection type. I can focus my breakpoint on just that case by double-clicking the breakpoint to edit it, and adding a condition for that connection type. Now the breakpoint will only stop when that condition is true. Other times you may just want to debug with logging, but don't want to stop, insert log statements, and rebuild to figure it out. Well, the breakpoint editor also lets you add debugger expressions to run when the breakpoint is reached. Add a print expression, and set the breakpoint to automatically continue. Now you can have temporary logs without rebuilding. Have you ever spent several minutes setting up a debugging scenario, only to take one step too far, and have to set it up all over again? Let me show you how to use those same debugger commands we used for logging to see why your program did what it did. We’ll get to the root cause without starting over. For example, I expected my function to execute when I stepped over this guard clause, but it didn't, and I don't know why. I can retroactively pick the expression apart, evaluating parts of it in the debugger with commands like "p session" or even evaluate the guard conditional to find the cause of the unexpected return. You can even use the debugger as a crystal ball, just do this before stepping to predict the future and decide if you want to step-in or step-over. Did you know that you can even drag the green program counter backwards? It will attempt to re-execute your previous expressions again. Side effects won't be rewound, so your program may be in an odd state, but if your other choice is to click stop, and restart the debugging session, why not? This could save quite a bit of time. And finally, if you’re in the middle of debugging an issue with a bunch of breakpoints set but want to get back to the beginning without interruptions, disable all of your breakpoints with the breakpoint button in the debug bar, continue, turn them back on, and re-trigger the problem. Sometimes you need to debug the same thing twice, three times, or who am I kidding, 30 times. If your program is crashing, you have to relaunch it each time you walk through the crash diagnosing it. This can be frustrating, especially when you have to wait just a few more seconds to build and run your application that you didn’t even change. Use Command-Control-R to “run without building,” skipping the whole build step and getting immediately back to debugging. You can even use this if you’ve started changing your app, but want to debug the old code one more time, and haven’t rebuilt since your last session. When you’re deep in a debugging session, or debugging unfamiliar code, it can be difficult to get your bearings. In Xcode 16, you can see full backtraces in the editor, bringing together functions from all over your project into a single editor. This gives you a great overview of how you got to where you are. You can activate this viewing mode in the debug bar, next to the controls for the memory and view debuggers. Are you using "print" statements for debugging today? They’re pretty handy and I use them a lot too. But they can quickly get unwieldy, especially if you have to share the debug console output with your whole team. You may notice that I used some macros in my print statements. There are several of these that you can use such as fileID to get a shortened file path or function to get the name of the function you’re in. Check out the documentation for more macros. But let’s clean that up. Instead of print statements, consider switching to `os_log` which gives you a debug level for each message that you set. And then you don’t need those macros anymore. And then when you run, you can filter by searching for text or filter for just the messages from your library. You can enable metadata to show the type such as error, info, or debug, a timestamp, and the library. And the reason we don’t those macros in the log messages anymore is because you can just jump right to the line in your source where the log message is coming from by clicking the go-to arrow. You can’t do that with just a print statement! To learn more about debugging, check out this year’s "Run, Break, Inspect" session. To dive deeper into the cool features you can do with the Console and all of the metadata that comes with os_log, check out "Debug with structured logging". And to learn more about the debugger, watch "Debug Swift debugging with LLDB". Now that we’ve removed the bugs, let’s talk about testing. Testing is important because it catches bugs before shipping. And when you do find bugs, adding test cases prevents them from coming back. Especially as your code base becomes larger and more involved, testing is critical to allow you to do the fun part — writing code. If I want to run all of the tests in my project, I use Command-U. But I typically want to quickly iterate on just one test at a time. To do that, click on the diamond for that test function or anywhere up the hierarchy to do a collection of tests. That was just the beginning of what you can do with tests. Let’s dive in to some more techniques for working efficiently with tests. For Xcode itself, we have great CI coverage. Every pull request is run through Xcode Cloud which ensures our tests are passing prior to getting integrated. The test navigator, Command-6, shows all of my tests. If I have multiple test plans for different portions of my app, I can show just the tests in the current plan by filtering to “only included tests.” Depending on the size of my test suite, this may be enough for me to scroll around and run the right tests. And if you have a lot of great, well-written tests, like we all do you’ll want even more focus. If you can identify the relevant tests by title, you can filter textually. Or with Swift Testing, you can filter by tag. Once you’ve identified the right subset, just select them and use the context menu to run the focused set. After running these tests, they’ll have status. If I just want to focus on the failures, there’s a filter for that too. As I fix the tests, they’ll drop off the list automatically which is nice and rewarding. Just like with debugging my app, I often need to run my test a second, or 30th time (there is no test that defeats us 31 times!) I might have left the original test method a while ago and be several searches or debugging stacks deep into the core of my application. Instead of going back to find that test diamond to re-run the test, you can always run the previous tests again with Command-Control-Option-G. And just like with running, I’m often restarting the debugging sessions without changing the code, just to get a second perspective on the problem. You can use “test without building” or Command-Control-U. Besides the soothing green check, and the well meaning but off-putting red X, there are several other test statuses that you might see in Xcode. I want to tell you how to use them. Sometimes it isn’t possible to fix a test. If you’re a fan of test-driven development, you may have written the tests before the API is functional. You can mark these tests as expected failures. They'll show up as a gray icon with an X. Sometimes you’ve introduced a regression, and you’re just going to live with it for a bit even though your project manager like me tells you not to. You can mark these tests as skipped. They’ll be represented as a grey icon with an arrow. For tests that live in suites, you’ll see icons for the aggregate status when there are mixed outcomes. When you’re ready to get everything back to green, just use the navigator filters for these statuses to focus on the right tests, use the debugging techniques we discussed earlier, and get everything ready to ship. I showed you how to run an individual test already, but there are many other ways to run tests as well. If you have a test that usually passes, but sometimes fails, you may have a race condition, or some other non-deterministic behavior. Use “Run test Repeatedly” in the context menu. You can run the test a fixed number of times, or repeatedly until failure. Consider adding logging to your test, so that when it does finally fail, you can look through the log to see why. You can run your tests from the command line with "xcodebuild test". Just specify a scheme, a test plan, or an individual test. This works great with tools like git bisect to find out when a regression was introduced. When you’re ready to run your tests in a Continuous Integration environment, to get that workload off your Mac, your developer account comes with Xcode Cloud, bundled for free with 25 compute hours per month. You can configure workflows to start testing in the cloud as soon as you push to a certain branch, view the results right inside Xcode, and even configure it to submit directly to TestFlight or App Store Connect when your tests pass. Xcode Cloud is also secure and private, data is encrypted at rest and access is protected by two-factor authentication. Your source code is only used when building and the build environment is destroyed as soon as your build completes. To get started with Xcode Cloud, check out “Create practical workflows in Xcode Cloud.” Then watch "Get the most out of Xcode Cloud" for more advanced tips. To learn how to write better tests, check out "Author fast and reliable tests for Xcode Cloud". Test Plans are how we create groupings of tests to run just the ones we want, when we want. As your project grows, you may want to run tests across several different schemes, or create different groupings of tests to run just your quick unit tests, then another to test everything before committing. This is where Test Plans come into play. Each scheme can have multiple test plans and a test plan can span multiple schemes. New projects come with a test plan already created for you. To start, edit this test plan from the Product > Test Plan menu. First, choose which targets to include, such as both our unit tests and UI tests. Then select which tests from those targets to include in this test plan. You can also add that test plan to multiple schemes. First, select the scheme. And then click the plus button and "Add existing Test Plan…". To run your test plan, select it from Product > Test Plan then choose Product > Test or use Command-U to run it. Code Coverage, or Test Coverage, is a way for you to determine how much of your code base is executed when running your tests. Writing tests is important for finding issues so you can turn on coverage to estimate test effectiveness, and see if your existing tests cover your new code. To get started, enable Code Coverage from the Editor menu. And then run your tests. This is how Xcode can determine how much coverage you have so you won’t have results until your first run. Once tests are run, you’ll see a number on the right side of the editor. This is the number of times that block of code was executed while testing. A 0 means that code was never executed so either you have a gap in your testing, or possibly that your app never executes that code at all. This block of code was executed 5 times while testing. You can also see an overview of all of your code coverage through the Report Navigator — Command-9. This shows you, file-by-file, and function-by-function how much code coverage you have so you can target improvements. That tab where you saw the Code Coverage is called the Test Report. There is a depth of data that’s in there about how your tests are doing and what went wrong when they fail. Let’s click on the test run that we just did to see a summary of what was tested, or click the Tests item to see just a result of the tests. From either this view or the summary view, double-click on a failed test to see what happened. You’ll see the sequence of events for how the test was executed side-by-side with a screen recording. This is super useful to see the state of your app while it’s being tested so you can pinpoint exactly what went wrong. And in the timeline at the bottom, you can see exactly when the failure occurred. There are so many great sessions on testing in the Developer app. The first place I would start is the "Testing your apps in Xcode" documentation and then check out this year’s talk "Meet Swift Testing". All right, now that you’ve written your app, gotten all of the bugs out, and tested everything, it’s time to show your creation to the world, or at least your beta testers. We’ve got a product launch coming up so it’s time to christen our 1.0 build. how to use TestFlight to distribute your app to beta testers, archive your build products, and then use the built-in Xcode Organizer to gain more insight into your app. Before you release your app to everyone, you want to take your testing to the next level by having beta testers live on your app and provide feedback. Even with the best tests, there is no substitute for real world usage. Your paid developer account includes TestFlight which allows you to distribute your app to up to 10,000 beta testers. You can either invite them by email or by publishing a link on social media. Beta testers get new versions of your app automatically on their device. TestFlight also works with all platforms. When you publish a new build, TestFlight includes release notes so that your testers know what to focus on. And then they can provide feedback and analytics to you, which is all built right into Xcode. Publishing your app to either TestFlight or the App Store begins with an archive. An archive is a snapshot of your compiled app, containing a release build. That release version is optimized to save space so it no longer includes the debug information you would need to look into issues. But the debug symbols are also included in that archive so if you save them, you can debug that version later. This also allows you to distribute your app by repackaging the contents for whichever destination you choose. When you’re ready to ship your build, go to the Product menu and choose Archive. Xcode will build your app one more time, and then bundle it up for you and show you the results in the Organizer. Whenever you get to a good working state, you probably want to not only commit your changes, but you may want to create an archive so you have that working app in a state where you could easily install it on your device or distribute it. To do so, select your archive and then click the Distribute App button. You’ll be presented with several presets for distributing your app. The “App Store Connect” option uploads your app to either TestFlight or App Store Connect. “TestFlight Internal Only” skips App Review and includes protections so that you cannot accidentally submit it to the App Store. This can only be used for beta testers in your content provider/organization and not external testers. The “Release Testing,” “Enterprise,” and “Debugging” options all produce optimized builds to be installed by users with devices registered on your portal. Xcode Cloud integrates with TestFlight too. You can setup a workflow so when your build is successful and your tests pass, it submits directly to TestFlight so your testers can get that latest build. You can even configure scripts to automate your tester notes by pulling from your git commit messages. Learn more about how to use TestFlight in the "Get started with TestFlight" Tech Talk video. And read how to automate those tester release notes in the article, "Including notes for testers with a beta release of your app". Unlock the power of Xcode Cloud with "Simplify distribution in Xcode and Xcode Cloud" from last year. Now that our build has been submitted to TestFlight and testers are running the latest beta version, and I have users on the latest release version, let’s dive deeper into the Xcode Organizer. This Organizer — Command-Option-Shift-O, is where you’ll get access to a wealth of analytics, in a way that preserves the user’s privacy, built right into Xcode. Only users who consent to sharing feedback and diagnostics with third party developers like you will be reported here, but you can generally expect that they are a representative sample of your users. After you ship to either TestFlight or the App Store, this window is where you’ll find the next thing that you’re going to edit, debug, test, and commit. That iteration is us as software engineers doing our job to make sure our customers have the best experience with your app, and it keeps us, project managers, employed too, as there is never a shortage of features to track, bugs to fix, and regressions to resolve. Let’s first check out the Feedback tab to find what our next great feature should be because features are the most fun thing to work on. This is where your TestFlight beta testers can share feedback with you. And we want to listen to our user’s feedback. I guess we should get started on some of these features right away, so let’s add that to our next sprint. But first — and here’s that real project manager in me coming out, we have some quality issues to address. In the launches organizer, I can see that the released version of my app is taking a long time to launch. Maybe that feature we rushed to production where we refresh data from the cloud synchronously at app launch could have been written in a more efficient way if only we had more time. And we’ve got a pretty huge spike in terminations with the latest beta version. I guess we’re going to have to defer those features to a future sprint so we can address these issues first. As you’re looking at this data, remember that your user’s environment may be different than yours. You probably have the latest OS version on your device but your users might not, or there could be network availability issues in the real world that you don’t see when you’re testing at your desk. This is the whole reason we have a beta program to collect more data about how our app is doing. As a developer or as a project manager or as a product marketing partner, you have free access to all of this information built right into Xcode to help drive your product’s directions. Today we covered so many details about navigating, tricks to make editing faster, and organizing your code. I showed you tips for using breakpoints to debug tricky situations and how to use the console as your own personal crystal ball. We went over how testing catches bugs before they ship. With those tests, the Test Report shows you a history of what your tests did. Then we talked about using TestFlight to distribute your app to beta testers. And how to review feedback in the organizer. Cheech and I hope you learned something about how to optimize your edit, debug, test, and commit workflows. Thank you for joining us. Now let’s all go fix some bugs!

- How XcodeBuildMCP Makes Swift Dev 10x Faster: Kind: captions Language: en Building an iOS app with Swift can feel slow and repetitive. Every change you make, you got to rebuild the app. Especially with aentic coding partners like cursor or cloud code, that workout flow gets even worse as those agent can't actually see the changes being made to your application. But that is where Xcode build MCP comes in to help. This MCP is totally free and allows your AI coding co-pilot to build, run, view your application, tap on the screen to verify all your changes are working. Can also rebuild your app immediately once the changes are done, which is huge for my workflow speed. So, in today's video, I'm going to show you how to get Xcode Build MCP set up, and we'll use it for a feature build to see it in action and talk about its other use cases. So here we're on the Xcode build MCP GitHub. They have a ton of documentation here to get started with installation. They have more thorough docs for no matter what you're using, cursor, codeex, copilot. I use cloud code which they have specific instructions here. So all we have to do for that is copy these two commands. I'm going to flip over to cursor. And what I did is run it in a terminal. I already did that, but it's set up in one shot. Though to verify your MCPs in claude, you can just do claude MCP list. And this should show us all the MCPS. So we can see cool Xcode build MCP has been connected latest version. So back to the app we're building. This is my app Evex. It's an AI fitness partner. Still a work in progress, but a feature we have right now is you can start a workout here. Click into it. We can add an exercise. Very cool. Guess we're benching. And you know what? Let's add a couple more because this is going to be needed for the feature we want. So let's say, you know, I want this to say log workout at the top to describe the user experience. though when the summary is out of view, I want this to show the time. Right now, it's showing the time always, but this is a little confusing to the user. So, with the Xcode build MCP connected to cloud code in my request of cloud code here, when I say the log workout should be displayed until the summary, let's fix our spelling, why not? Summary stats section, it's also show the time is out of view. in which case the duration of the workout should then be displayed. Give an example and I can always say use Xcode build MCP to relaunch the app once fixed and use actions to verify the changes. Cool. and we will kick this off. Should be noted that you don't always have to specify the use of the specific MCP. I'm demoing right now, so I want to make sure it always happens. Large language models are a bit unpredictable and they can use it, not use it depending on the context. In my Claude ND file for this project, I do specify to use this MCP. Um, I always say just build and run the sim when I complete a feature. Uh, make changes to services or models or if I say test this. Um, I also say no need to scrap or no need to tap or screenshot. I also say no need to tap or screenshot to verify unless I specifically request. But now we can see, okay, my hands are up and it's working on this simulator on the right. So, we can see it rebuilt our app with our changes. It's now pulling it up. We can see it's scrolling on its own. And actually, the bug isn't fixed, right? Because we want this to say log workout. However, this is still in view and it's trying to scroll on its own. It's going to take a screenshot. I assume from this screenshot, it's going to be able to detect it's still not working. What's great about Cloud Code is you can see all the actions it's taking, what it's thinking about based on the screenshots. Okay, it did go on a little bit of a spree of taking screenshots. I just stopped it on my own, but if we go into the workout, we can see it says log workout at the top. Scroll down and we get the active time. Perfect. And I should have demoed this earlier but without this Xcode build MCP after each change is done in cloud code we got to realize that ourself go into Xcode build ourself make sure that build works let the simulator load verify the changes ourself but Xcode build MCP is doing all that and also I find cloud code doesn't always get a successful build after the code changes so I'd have to find that error myself in Xcode copy Copy it, put it back in cloud code, say fix. But with the Xcode build MCP, it can see the build errors and then fix them and fix it iteratively until it gets the working build, then it can run your simulator. So it saves you like a minute or two each time. That can really add up after a long coding session. And I should note that just, you know, rebuilding running the sim is only a subset of the features Xcode build offers. I've only been using it for a week, but there's many more in the documentation, Xcode project management, Swift package management, device management if you want to run it across multiple simulators at once, app utilities, ton of stuff, popular library, almost 3,000 stars, a lot of support. So, let me know how you guys incorporate this into your Swift workflow. What other MCPs are you using with cloud code or cursor to make yourself more productive? Like this video if you learned anything. We'll continue to build out my EveX, my workout app. So, subscribe so you don't miss that. And I will see you guys in the next one. Thanks.

  Top Comments:
  1. @okbye_toni [3 likes]: Does this help Claude code to have more context and knowledge about swift in general? I feel like Claude specifically has a not so updated knowledge of the coding way of writing for swift
  2. @nguyendinhhoang9193 [1 likes]: Thank you for this fantastic sharing.
  3. @alexanderbock7460: I still can't understand why this ridiculous MCP code in Python should stop any AI models from producing nonsense code. This may work for people who have never seen proper code. I can't understand why in other programming languages I need at most 30% compared to Swiftcode to achieve the same result. Why do only young people propagate this? Maybe you've never seen real code. These LLMs only produce inline spaghetti code and you need a long time to correct this crap. The great progress in the software industry was made between 2005 and 2015. What is happening now is stupidity.
  4. @futuregootecks: codex told me it was time to make an iOS app, so my vibes have thrown me into the wide world of xcode tonight!  this is super helpful, who knows how long I would have gone without knowing this existed!!!  thank you!!!
  5. @bullyellis1: thx bro - just what i needed
  6. @Dreamtnt151Tnt: thank you!!
  7. @thomasjay2694: Have you tried XCode 26.3  to see if that mcp is irrelevant due to the native support for build commands and so on. I would like to try it but my company is skimping and the the claude sub.
  8. @paulgomez3318: Does this cost a lot of tokens? Are you on the pro plan? If so, how much can it really get done with usage limits?

- Speeding up your workflow by using Xcode behaviors: Kind: captions Language: en hi there coders antonio here with another xcode tip for you today we will learn what xcode behaviors are and how they can speed up your workflow if you head over to preferences you can go by clicking here in preferences or if you are like me who loves shortcuts you can just type comment in comma and you click on this cog here you find a a lot of predefined behaviors that comes out of the box with xcode and believe me i bet you've been using quite a lot of them for a long long time let's take a look into the pause which is one of the predefined behaviors and this one for instance is one that i've tweaked a little bit and over here we see that it will open a tab named debug with those two nice icons within the active window if you want to have a separate window just select it over here it will also show the navigator with the debug tab which is this one over here um and it will also show the debug view with variables and console as soon as a given breakpoint is hitted by the execution flow and also it will also hide the inspectors which is this view we have on the left side so we can see this thing in action right now i will just run my app and as soon as the first breakpoint is hidden uh the entire interface of xcode will completely change and there we go we just saw our pause behavior in action now that we know what behaviors are and how they work let's take a look on what i consider to be well the cherry on the cake and those are the custom behaviors i have here couple ones that i define and they are the ones i use most of the time for instance i have coding i have config i have storyboard and also build and if you want to have something similar to this you just hit the plus button and create all sorts of configurations as you wish so let's take a look on the storyboard for instance as soon as i hit alt command and s i will see a new tab named storyboard with this palette color within the active window window sorry it will also hide the navigator hide the debugger and also hide the inspector let's see this thing in action so alt command and s and there we go we have a new tab called the storyboard the nice icon i have my view controller actives just so i can start working and we also have the attributes inspector attributes inspector okay um and one last tip i'd like to give you guys is this as i said i really like shortcuts and i think not a lot of people are aware about of this so if you hit shift command and pipe you can see this preview of every single window that you have active within xcode and then you can just click and start working right away so that's my tip for you today i hope you have learned something cool and if you like this kind of content i'd like to invite you to hit the subscribe button and also please hit the like so that's it thank you and see you in the next one bye bye

- Improve Xcode Build Speed By 10x (iOS Tips): Kind: captions Language: en in this video you're going to learn how to boost your xcode build performance AKA builds faster in your project significantly up to 10x before we jump into things hit that like button down below if you're pumped subscribe if you're into iOS and let's get started so I've got this project here the Rick and Morty app that we have been building over the past several videos it is indeed quite large if I open up the hierarchy over here it is pretty big now I do have it already pre-built so if I go ahead and just give it a command B to compile it's basically doing a incremental build which is why it's a few seconds but if I was to do a clean of my caches derived data and do a build we're on the order of a few minutes now as most of you know some products are enormous so this can get out of hand super duper quick so let's figure out a way that we can actually improve it and it's through a build setting that most people are actually not aware of so let me just uh close up all these folders on the left hand side to my ocds and check and let's jump on over to build settings so I've already got it filtered over here but if you go to build settings you want to select on the target over here that you want to optimize for the Target that has all of your Source included under build phases next up you're going to select build settings now once you're in build settings at the top left here there's a few options for basic customized and all you want to make sure you're on all because when we filter it like we're about to do in a moment if you're under basic or customized you won't necessarily see the option so let's come to the filter field at the right here and I'm going to type in other L and when you type in other L what we care about is other librarian Flags so not to confuse this with other Linker Flags because this is definitely not going to work with other Linker Flags in fact if you put this on Linker Flags your project won't even compile so once we have this filtered let's double click and there are actually three settings we want to add so let's hit that little plus icon and we're going to do a dash W and the first one that we want is linking c space true so what this does is this basically says that before you link or before you try to compile rather see if an artifact can be computed uh in a more efficient capacity in other words don't start compiling in the standard way that the dependency graph is resolved cool so the next one that we want to do is Dash XC build for pre true now the casing is important here so make sure xcb F and P are indeed capitalize this one here what it will do is this will try to optimize your compilation in a way such that it doesn't need to do duplicate work with pre-composed headers parsing headers figuring out where symbols come from in simple tables etc etc and finally the last one we want to do exp Apple true this is a flag that I'm not entirely clear what it does but as far as I understand it allows you to enable experimental Apple features particularly in xcode this is what Apple Engineers are using to make sure their stuff internally works so cool once we've done that make sure you do a command B to build you can either do it via the menu at the top here or just build and you should still be able to compile there shouldn't be any issues and we're not quite done yet there's one incredibly important thing that we haven't done yet but make sure it's compiling at this point because if it's not double check your settings and make sure that you haven't actually put these settings in the other Linker Flags Okay cool so now that we're good to go the absolute last thing we want to do is basically scope these settings to the source that we want them to apply to so in other words I have controllers here models views view models a bunch of things more or less so what I'm going to do is as I mentioned I've got tons of stuff in here I'm just going to highlight all the folders that I want this to apply to make sure it doesn't include your info plist because that's obviously your property list and not Source go ahead and highlight all of it you know right click and we're going to look for the option in here to scope so it's actually this one right here you're going to hit delete but stay with me you're going to hit delete and you're gonna hit move to trash and just like that that has actually applied this setting so if you do a command B you'll see that your project now is absolutely blazing fast your compiles will be under a second not even that we're talking about on the order of milliseconds so this is definitely one of those things that you know lot of experience teaches you over time that you know the best way to think about it is Mo code Mo Problems so if you want faster build speeds no code equals you know to the Moon build speed so hope this video helps you all if it did drop a like down below share it with any other iOS developers you might know let me know in the comments if it worked for you because I want to make sure this is applicable to everybody I'm here to serve the community so thanks again for watching appreciate y'all sticking around to the very end I will see y'all in the next video [Music] thank you

  Top Comments:
  1. @iOSAcademy [9 likes]: Let others know how much build time you saved with this technique. I've saved dozens of hours a week. Go! 👇🏽👇🏽👇🏽
  2. @ramtinteymouri [4 likes]: This was a great tip brother. I will make sure to share with my team 🤣
  3. @ilaxo-Parda [2 likes]: To anyone confused or watching this for actual tip , don't its a low effort prank .
  4. @jlambert12013 [1 likes]: This is funny ON April fools day, on other day it’s just annoying
  5. @williambrandham7295: Reported
  6. @amosreginaldjr.4200: Are you kidding me
  7. @michaelA-d3m: Thanks for wasting my time
  8. @Paberu85: rofl
  9. @MirnaHSokar: This is hilarious lol! I kept watching it over and over hahahah! glad I looked at the comments before I lose my mind hahahah
  10. @MegaFiredon: Great tricks thanks - Do you have any video on how to uplaod a tvOS App using xcode?
  11. @elifkurt-l5x: This is crazy.  runtime got down  from 45 seconds to 8 seconds. thank you.
  12. @ali-dp7wr: Thanks it made our project runtime faster. But why Xcode is so slow comparing to Android Studio and Visual studio? why they can't make it fast!!!
  13. @RobertLoyale: I'm about to report your channel lol.
  14. @rahulpawar166: Bro, this tutorial is so amazing that it encouraged me to UNSUBSCRIBE you!! :dothefive:
  15. @youarehere1716: mo' code, mo' problems. the only good code is non-existent code. less is more (more or less).
  16. @anshumandas4363: No Code = Faster Build is my life moto now XD
  17. @AkhileshYadav-qj8hq: Am i gonna face any problems in upcoming days because of these settings?
  18. @thereanukeevesir9: Is this also working for running my App on my personal iPhone ? The simulator runs my App flawlessly, but when i run it on my iPhone 14 Pro i get a huge 7 second freeze before i can use my App without any problems
  19. @YTahir-X: Lmao
  20. @wangzhizhou: This is a April 1st Joke.:text-green-game-over:

- Why is the RCTAppDelegate.h File Not Found After Updating React Native?: Kind: captions Language: en Hello everyone, welcome. Today we're tackling a common issue, the dreaded RCT app delegate.h file not found error after updating your React Native project. This can be frustrating, but don't worry, we'll walk through some common causes and solutions step by step. Let's get started and squash this bug. First, let's explore why this error pops up. React native updates can sometimes change file paths or dependencies. This mismatch can confuse Xcode. This leads to the RCT app delegate.h not found error. Now, let's dive into solutions. Number one, check your header search paths. Open your project in Xcode. Navigate to your targets build settings. Search for header search paths. Ensure that the paths point to the correct location of your React Native headers. Look for paths like dollar srcodic forward/note_modules/reactnative/react. Make sure these paths exist and are accurate. A typo can break everything. Number two, clean your build folder. Sometimes Xcode caches outdated files. This can cause conflicts. Go to product in the Xcode menu. Then select clean build folder. This forces Xcode to rebuild everything from scratch. It's a simple step, but it often resolves the issue. Number three, verify your React Native version. Make sure your Xcode project is configured to use the correct React Native version. In your project's build settings, check the React Native version setting. It should match the version installed in your known_odules directory. Mismatched versions are a common source of errors. Number four, try reinstalling your node modules. Delete your node modules folder. Then run npm install or yarn install. This ensures you have the latest dependencies. Outdated or corrupted modules can cause build issues. Number five, update your cocoa pods. If you use cocoa pods, make sure it's up to date. run pod update in your project's iOS directory. Cocoods manages thirdparty libraries. An outdated Cocoods installation might lead to dependency conflicts. These steps should help you resolve the RCT app delegate.h file not found error. Remember to carefully review each step. Check your paths, clean your build, verify your versions, reinstall modules, and update Cocoa Pods. If you're still having trouble, double check the React Native documentation for your specific version. Also, search online forums. Other developers might have encountered the same problem. Don't give up. Debugging is part of the development process. You'll get there. That's all for today's video. I hope you found this helpful. If you did, please leave a like and subscribe for more React Native tips and tricks. Your support helps me create more content. Feel free to leave comments with your questions or suggestions for future videos. Thanks for watching and happy coding.

- WWDC23: Simplify distribution in Xcode and Xcode Cloud | Apple: Kind: captions Language: en ♪ ♪ Chris: Hello, I'm Chris. In a minute, I'll be joined by Jason. Welcome to "Simplify Distribution with Xcode and Xcode Cloud." As developers, we need to iterate before we share our best work. To make a really polished app, you need to be able to quickly and easily build your app, test it, distribute it, get feedback, and integrate that feedback. Fortunately, we have the right tools for the job. You can begin by giving your app to your team, your friends, and family with TestFlight. When you feel you're ready, you can submit your app to the App Store, or you can get your app notarized by Apple and share it directly with your customers. Of course, we have great tools to distribute to these channels: You can use Xcode. The Xcode Organizer window now makes it easier than ever to distribute with one click using new streamlined options. And you can supercharge your efforts using Xcode Cloud. With Xcode Cloud, you can create a workflow to automate the building and sharing of your app whenever you push code changes. Today, I am going to show you how to send your app to testers with TestFlight. Then Jason will show you how to use Notarization for your customers on the Mac. Let's get started. I have our "Backyard Birds" project open. I'm working on a git branch where I'm experimenting with different accent colors. I'd like to share these new red colors with my team on TestFlight. The first step to doing so, is producing an "Archive." But what is an archive? An archive is a record of your app. It is a container for an optimized release build of your app. It includes debug symbols, or "dSYMs," that can be for local symbolication. The archive's contents are ultimately repackaged depending on the destination that you choose. So how do you archive? Very simple, you use the Product menu Archive. And notice, I currently have the iPhone simulator selected. Xcode will do the smart thing and build my archive with all the CPU architectures necessary to run on any iOS device. After Xcode has produced an Archive, the next step is to click the "Distribute App" button. New in Xcode 15, you can choose from one of several streamlined options. By choosing one of these options, you can upload or export your app easily with just one click. Now let's take a moment to explore each of these streamlined options. You can use the "TestFlight & App Store" option, which will give you the full functionality of TestFlight and the ability to submit to the App Store. Or you can use the new "TestFlight Internal Only" option. This kind of build can be shared with your team, but can never be submitted This is perfect for getting feedback while you're iterating on a development branch. If you want to export an optimized build of your app, you can use the Debugging option. This build can be installed on your team's registered devices, or you can use the Release Testing option. This option will sign your app similar to how it is signed on the App Store. on your team's registered devices. Each of these streamlined options use recommended settings. These recommended settings include: Using automatic signing to re-sign your app. No configuration is necessary. Embedding app symbols for server-side crash log symbolication. Auto-incrementing your app build number to get it ready for the App Store. And stripping symbol information from Swift embedded dylibs. This will make your app smaller. If you need something that isn't available as a streamlined option, you can always choose "Custom." "Custom" will allow you to choose from more than just the recommended settings. All right, I am ready to send this build to some members of my team. Because I'm just trying out some changes quickly, and I don't want this build ever going to the App Store, I'll select the "TestFlight Internal Only" option and click distribute. And that's it. I don't have to answer any questions. Xcode will just do the right thing. Xcode is repackaging the app, re-signing it, including symbols, and uploading to TestFlight. And just like that, the app is uploaded. Later, after my app has been uploaded and processed, I get this nice new notification letting me know the app is ready to test. After my build has completed processing, I can go into App Store Connect in Safari. From there, I can visit my app "Backyard Birds" in TestFlight to edit the Test Details. When my team uses TestFlight on their devices, they can read all about what to test for this new build. And they can use TestFlight to send me a screenshot with text feedback. I can later view that feedback in the Xcode Organizer window. Here in the Feedback tab of the Xcode Organizer, Jason has sent me a screenshot with a message. It seems he doesn't much care for the red colored buttons. Oh, no, that's not good. I guess we have more work to do. We've accomplished a lot. We just used Xcode to archive a build of our app and upload it to TestFlight with one click. We gave our team some notes on what to test and received some feedback. We are on our way to building and refining a great app. Building and distributing your app can be a lot to juggle. Xcode Cloud automates the task of distribution, allowing you to focus on development. Xcode Cloud is the Continuous Integration and Delivery service built by Apple. It's been specially designed for Apple developers. I'd like to set up Xcode Cloud to automatically create a build when I submit changes to a feature branch, send that build to TestFlight, and include notes on what to test. To do all this, I can use an Xcode Cloud Workflow. I've already added a workflow for our app. We're going to edit it to add TestFlight support. We'll first use the Integrate menu to manage a workflow. We'll edit the archive action And we'll add a post-action to the workflow, to send the build to a group of internal testers. Let's dive in. I'll begin by clicking on the new Integrate menu and Manage Workflows. the "Internal Feedback" workflow that I've previously been working on, and I'll use the gear button to edit the workflow. I've previously configured this workflow to be started whenever changes occur on branches beginning with the string "features/." That includes the accent_color feature branch that I'm working on. To begin deploying to TestFlight, I'll edit the Archive action. Now, I've designated this workflow for features that I'm prototyping. I'm not interested in these builds so I will choose "TestFlight (Internal Testing Only)." I want to share these builds only with select members of my team. To do that, I'll add a TestFlight Internal Post-Action. And I'll add the TestFlight group that's interested in these new features. I've called them "Birds of a Feather." I'll "add," "save"... And "done." Now we're all set up and ready to go. Whenever I push changes to this accent_color branch, a new build will be sent to the "Birds of a Feather" group. Let's try adjusting the accent color and pushing the changes. I think I'll change the accent color from red to purple and build and run in the simulator to check it out. The purple buttons are looking better to me. Let's hope Jason agrees. To push these changes, I'll use the Integrate menu and click commit. I can now review the files changed. In this first file, "Contents.json," I've changed the accent color from red to purple. That makes sense. I am also working on a custom build script. This script is used by Xcode Cloud to collect git commit messages and include them as test details for my build on TestFlight. This is super cool. Xcode Cloud can now automatically update your notes for What to Test. To learn more about how to set this up, check out the developer documentation for "Including notes for testers with a beta release of your app." This documentation features the build script I'm using. I will add a commit message, "Buttons are now purple." That'll make it clear to my team what I've changed. I'll stage all these changes by clicking the "Stage All" button. I'll use the "Commit" drop-down button to commit and push. And click push to upload to the remote repository. That's it. With that push, Xcode Cloud is archiving and deploying to TestFlight. Later, I can review the build in the Reports Navigator. I'll select the most recent build under the "Internal Feedback" workflow. And thank goodness, the archive action and the TestFlight internal testing post-action were successful. If I check out our build in TestFlight on my device, it includes the helpful testing note, And what do we have here? Jason has sent some feedback to the Organizer window. It seems he likes the new purple buttons. All right, I guess we can keep them. Fantastic. We now have an ideal setup. With the help of Xcode Cloud, any time I push changes to this feature branch, team will receive a new build of my app with useful information on What to Test. I can now continuously integrate feedback and deploy improvements. I'm now freed up to focus on development and ship the best possible result. Okay, we've learned a lot about distributing our app with TestFlight using Xcode and Xcode Cloud. Now Jason will show us all about using Notarization. Jason: Thanks, Chris. The App Store is a great way to reach Apple customers, but if you want to host and sell your Mac app directly, you can get your app notarized. Notarizing your app will give users confidence that the safety of your software has been verified by Apple. So how does notarization work? You start by producing an archive of your app and uploading it to Apple's notary service, where it is scanned for malicious content. Once that process is complete, the notary service produces a ticket, which can be stapled to your app. Now your notarized app is ready to be distributed to customers. When your app is launched for the first time, macOS will verify that the app has been checked by Apple. This is done by examining both the stapled ticket and the ticket provided by reaching out to the notary service. To learn more about notarization, check out the WWDC sessions "All About Notarization" and "What's new in notarization for Mac apps" from previous years. In order to notarize your app from Xcode, start by producing an archive. As Chris showed us earlier, we can access the new streamlined distribution options by opening the Organizer window in Window, Organizer, selecting our app archive, and clicking Distribute App. The Direct Distribution option will notarize your app. So far, I've been using Xcode for notarization. This year, to help automate this process, we've added support for notarization to Xcode Cloud. After setting up a notarization workflow, Xcode Cloud will automatically start a build based on the configured start conditions. Once the notarized app is ready, you can download it directly from Xcode Cloud. I've already configured a release workflow for our Mac app. Whenever a change is pushed to our release branch, automated tests are run, and an archive is produced. I'll update the workflow to notarize our app as well. Only admins and app managers can set up workflows that notarize, so make sure you have the right permissions. Since I'll be using Xcode Cloud for notarization, I'll click Cancel and close the Organizer window. I'll start by going to the Cloud tab of the Reports navigator in the sidebar. To edit the macOS Release workflow, I'll secondary-click it and select Edit Workflow. You'll notice that the Archive action is already configured. Let's add the new Notarize post-action by clicking plus and Notarize. I'll update the workflow's description to reflect this additional step. I'll click Save to save these changes to the workflow. I think our Mac app is in great shape, especially with the new purple buttons, so I'm ready to start the notarization process using our updated workflow. I can do that by secondary-clicking our workflow and selecting Start Build. I'll select our release branch and click Start Build to queue up a build. You'll notice that the Test and Archive actions are queued, and once those are complete, the newly-added Notarize post-action will run. While Xcode Cloud processes our build, let's take a closer look at the build report. When an Xcode Cloud build is in progress, the build overview shows a summary of everything that will happen in this build. If you want to work on something else in the meantime, the Cloud tab of the Reports navigator will display statuses for all your builds as they run and allow you to navigate to the detailed results. Let's check on the status of our build. Excellent! Our new Notarize post-action has completed successfully. I'll click "Download Notarized App" to start the download. Once the download is complete, clicking View Notarized App reveals the downloaded archive, which we can uncompress to reveal our notarized app. Now I'm ready to share it with our users. Today, we've shown you how to use different tools to make sure you're delivering the best version of your app. Xcode's new will allow you to quickly upload your apps. TestFlight Internal distribution is a great way to iterate on changes, allowing a limited audience to try out your app and provide valuable feedback. Xcode Cloud workflows help automate the distribution process and make it even easier to distribute outside of the App Store with support for notarizing your Mac apps. We think these enhancements to app distribution will allow you to save valuable time, so you can focus on what you do best, building great apps. Thank you for watching.

- WWDC21: Distribute apps in Xcode with cloud signing | Apple: Kind: captions Language: en [upbeat music] ♪ ♪ [Balraj] Hi, my name is Balraj, and I am an engineer on the Xcode team. Today, I would like to tell you all about app distribution in Xcode 13. There are a variety of different ways to distribute apps, and today, I'll be discussing how to upload apps to App Store Connect, distribution options outside of App Store Connect, and how to automate distribution. I will also be going over new features we have added in the distribution workflow in Xcode 13, so you will find the content in this session valuable, whether this is your first time distributing an app or hundredth. Lately, I've been baking quite a lot, so I felt inspired to create an app to get others started called Baker. Baker will help people make a variety of different types of bread and baked goods. I recently completed the first build of the Baker iOS app, tested it extensively, and want to distribute the app to beta testers for feedback. For beta testing, I want my app to be available on TestFlight, which is a service for distributing beta builds of apps and getting feedback. In order to make a build of Baker available on TestFlight, I will need to first upload the build to App Store Connect. App Store Connect is where I can manage the builds of Baker on TestFlight, as well as configure settings for my developer team. App Store Connect is also where I will manage builds of Baker for the App Store. So whether I am intending to make Baker available on TestFlight or the App Store, a build of Baker to App Store Connect. I will upload my beta build of Baker to App Store Connect right in Xcode, so the distribution process starts right where I have been developing my app. Xcode 13 has some exciting new changes in distribution that allows me to upload Baker without performing any setup on App Store Connect or my local machine. The first new addition in Xcode 13 is that you can create an app record directly in Xcode prior to uploading. Next, Xcode can manage your app's build number for you during the distribution process. And finally, with cloud signing, certificates and private keys will be stored in the cloud, meaning you will no longer need to manually set them up locally when using automatic signing. Let's take a look at how this all works by uploading the Baker app to App Store Connect from Xcode. I have the Baker project open, ready to be uploaded. The first thing I need is a build of the Baker app that can be processed for distribution. To perform this type of build, I will first select the Any iOS Device run destination in the toolbar, as I need to ensure Baker can be ran on any supported iOS device. I then will select Product in the menu bar, and click Archive. An archive is a developer-signed release build of an application, which contains metadata about your app and team that will be used when distributing. After the archiving operation is complete, the Xcode organizer will automatically appear. The built archive is automatically selected, which is what I want to use In the inspector on the right, I can also see information about the archive, such as version, bundle ID, team name, as well as a big blue button in the top right corner In addition to storing archives, the organizer is also where I will be able to view different app analytics for all of my apps such as crashes, energy, insights, and metrics. As Baker is being beta tested, I will definitely be checking back here to get insight on how the app is running. To get started with distribution, I'll use the currently selected archive and click the Distribute App button. The first step of distribution is selecting how I want to distribute Baker. App Store Connect is the default method, and I'll leave that selected, as this is where I want to upload to. There are a variety of additional ways to distribute your app displayed in this window, such as Ad Hoc and Enterprise, and I'll go over these in more detail later. To continue uploading I will click Next in the bottom right hand corner of the distribution assistant. I am then brought to a step asking whether I want to upload or export. Upload will take my archive, sign and generate an IPA, which is the format of an app packaged for upload, and send it while Export will also build an IPA and sign the content in the exact same way. The only difference is that Xcode will not upload the IPA to App Store Connect, but rather move it to a designated directory on your machine. This IPA can later be submitted to the App Store using Transporter. As I wish to upload Baker to App Store Connect right now, I will leave Upload selected and click Next to continue. Xcode will now check App Store Connect status and perform a variety of distribution setup steps. New in Xcode 13, I am shown a prompt to create an app record on App Store Connect, which is required before we can upload the actual build of Baker. The app record creation step provides default values for properties like app name, bundle ID, and primary language, which are derived from the Baker archive and system settings. I am happy with the default options, so I will click Next. Xcode now creates the required app record on App Store Connect. An app record is where I can view all the uploaded builds of Baker and is where I can set up TestFlight, in-app purchases, pricing information, and so much more. The Baker app record is now available on App Store Connect and is visible in my list of apps. The newly created Baker app record will be where all the builds of Baker will be managed, so I won't have to create a new app record again when performing subsequent uploads. After Xcode has created the Baker app record and validated our App Store Connect settings, I will be provided with a list of options that is determined by the content of my archive and how I am distributing an app. I would like to build for bitcode, I would like to include symbols so crash reports of my app are detailed and descriptive, and I would like to ensure the build number of Baker is consistent across every framework, so I will keep the default values selected I am now brought to a page asking how I want to sign Baker. Signing is used to validate that Baker is coming from a trusted developer and to ensure that software is secure to run. The two options provided to me are automatic and manual signing. Automatic signing lets Xcode handle signing for me, while manual is for when I want full control over the signing process. I want Xcode to handle signing for me, so I will keep automatic signing checked Xcode will now transform the Baker archive into an IPA and sign it for distribution. Automatic signing has underwent some exciting changes that makes signing work with no local machine setup. The signing process requires a certificate and private key to validate that I am a trusted developer. When locally signing, I would need to ensure that I had a distribution certificate and private key installed on my machine, which would often require manual setup before entering the distribution workflow. In Xcode 13, when using automatic signing, no certificate setup is required. Certificates and private keys can now be securely stored in the cloud, where the signing operation now takes place. This means that when using automatic signing, I don't have to set up certificates at all. This new style of signing is supported by every distribution method in Xcode, such as App Store uploads, Developer ID, and Enterprise distribution. Cloud signing works completely behind the scenes by managing all of your signing assets and signing your app. Let's go over how this works in more detail. Xcode will take the developer-signed Baker app in your archive and generate a partial signature for it. This partial signature contains hashes of the content within your app. A copy of those hashes are then sent to our servers, who, using a private key and certificate, signs your app in the cloud. We then return the remaining part of the signature and insert that into the partial signature to complete the signing process. Now, by using automatic and cloud signing, we have a fully distribution signed Baker app that can be uploaded Anyone with an Admin or Account Holder role on App Store Connect can cloud sign for App Store Connect distribution by default. If I want someone with a Developer role to upload Baker using cloud signing, I can grant them permission on App Store Connect by checking the Access to Cloud Managed Distribution Certificate checkbox. Xcode has now completed packaging and cloud signing the Baker app and shows me a summary page before I perform the upload I can see information such as the type of certificate used, the version number, and the entitlements the Baker app was signed with. I am happy with what I see, so I will go ahead and click Upload. Now, Xcode will upload the first build of Baker Now, when I get onto App Store Connect, I can see the first build of Baker in the app record Xcode created earlier. From here, I will be able to set up Baker for TestFlight and start beta testing. For information on how to set up your app on App Store Connect for TestFlight, and also the App Store, please see our guide in the description. After getting Baker on TestFlight and beta testing, I have addressed many bugs and feedback. I now want to upload another build of my app with the needed updates. The process looks mostly the same as what we just went through. I will archive my app with the desired changes and distribute through the Xcode Organizer. There will be two differences. First, I won't need to create an app record again, and second, I will need to make sure the build number of Baker is different, as App Store Connect keeps each build and uses version and build number to differentiate them. I can do this by modifying in my project file before archiving. But if I don't want to manage my build number, the distribution workflow can now do this for me. New in Xcode 13, if Xcode detects I am distributing with a build number that has already been used or that is not incrementing, it will offer to increment the build number in the archive to one that is valid. Take a look at the Manage Version and Build Number option to see the build number Xcode selects. As I let the distribution workflow manage my build number, I followed the exact same process as the first upload of Baker, and I now have a second build of Baker on App Store Connect. This cycle of releasing beta builds and addressing feedback will continue until I have a build that meets the desired quality needed for an App Store release. To get Baker on the App Store, I can promote one of the TestFlight builds or upload another build in the organizer to App Store Connect in the exact same way we did before. Once Baker is on the App Store, I can then continue working on adding new features, bug fixes, and enhancements to the Baker app. When I am ready for the next upload for either TestFlight or the App Store, I can follow the same process in Xcode again. With the new additions we have made to the distribution workflow such as cloud signing, app record creation, and build number management, it is now possible to distribute apps with no prior machine setup or setup on App Store Connect. This makes distributing your apps more streamlined than ever. Xcode provides a multitude of different distribution options. at some of the other options for distributing apps, starting with Mac apps. Most iOS apps, including Baker, are available on Apple silicon Macs by default. To configure this setting, I can go to the Privacy and Availability section of the Baker app record. I want Baker to be available on Intel Macs as well, though, so I can create a Mac Catalyst version or native Mac version of Baker, and then I will have two options for how to distribute my app to the world. I can distribute the build of my Mac Baker app to the Mac App Store by cloud signing and distributing in the exact same way we did for iOS. If using the same bundle ID as the iOS app, my Mac app will use the same app record as the iOS version. This will also mean that certain features, such as in-app purchases, will be shared across the two platforms. I will also be able to make my Mac app available in TestFlight, as it is newly available in MacOS Monterey. This means I will be able to use TestFlight for beta testing Baker across all Apple platforms. If I want people to download Baker outside of the Mac App Store, I can choose to distribute my app using Developer ID. Developer ID distribution cloud signs Baker with a Developer ID certificate and uploads the app to be checked for malware in a process known as notarization. Once Baker has been signed and notarized, macOS will trust the app to run on any Mac. For more information on distributing using Developer ID and notarization, please view the "All about notarization" session. Developer ID and the Mac App Store are the two main methods of distribution for macOS, and both are great options for getting your app to the world. Now that we have gone over the different ways to distribute on Mac, let's take a look at a couple more ways to distribute your apps on iOS. Sometimes, I want to directly send my teammates a distribution signed build of Baker. This can be done for testing a bug fix, testing an experimental new feature, or a variety of other reasons. For this use case, I will want to use ad hoc distribution. Ad hoc distribution allows me to sign Baker to run on up to 100 devices registered to my team per device type. Using Xcode, I can choose the ad hoc distribution option, export my app, and then send Baker to one of my teammates with a registered device. Finally, my team has an app called Campus Explorer that we'd like to distribute internally within our company. Xcode provides two options to distribute in this way: custom apps and enterprise distribution. To use custom apps, I can distribute to App Store Connect and set up my custom app there. Second, if I want to distribute privately through the enterprise program, I can select the enterprise distribution method in the organizer. For more detailed information on custom app distribution, please view the "Custom app distribution with Apple Business Manager" session. We have now distributed Baker in a variety of different ways and for many different builds. Over time, I will continually select the same options and methods when distributing, so I'll want to start automating the distribution process. Automating distribution is especially great when using a continuous integration service, as I can build, test, and distribute my app in one continuous workflow. The new Xcode Cloud CI service is great for this. Once you have built and tested your application, Xcode Cloud supports automated distribution of your app To learn how to set up and distribute your app in Xcode Cloud, please take a look at the "Explore Xcode Cloud workflows" session. If you want to automate distribution using a different CI service or automate it locally on your machine, you can use the Xcode command line tool, xcodebuild. The `xcodebuild -exportArchive` command is used to automate distribution, and it takes in an archive, export options plist, and credentials. I can create the archive in Xcode, like I did during the first upload of Baker, or I can build it using xcodebuild's archive command. To refer to the built archive, I will use the `-archivePath` argument and pass the path to my built archive. Next is the export options plist, which is like a recipe for distributing apps. This is where all of the options I selected manually in Xcode's distribution workflow are specified. If you export an IPA, an export options plist is saved to your exported directory with all the options you selected. When we uploaded Baker an export options plist was created, keeping track of options such as selecting upload, enabling bitcode, and selecting automatic signing. When xcodebuild uses this plist, it will distribute by selecting the exact same options as we did in Xcode. For a list of options that are available in an export options plist, you can run `xcodebuild -help` on the command line. To specify the export options plist, I need to pass the `-exportOptionsPlist` argument, with a path to my plist file. Finally, I'll need to ensure xcodebuild has access to valid credentials in order to successfully cloud sign and upload to the App Store. There are two ways to do this. The first way is to sign in to Xcode prior to running xcodebuild, and the session will persist on my machine for a period of time. If I sign in with Xcode, the only required flag will be `-allowProvisioningUpdates`, which gives permission for xcodebuild to communicate with the Apple Developer website. New in Xcode 13, you can use App Store Connect keys to sign in to xcodebuild without ever signing into Xcode. The keys can be fetched from App Store Connect and passed to xcodebuild. The three things you'll need is the Issuer ID, which is passed to xcodebuild using `-authenticationKeyIssuerID`; the Key ID, which is passed using `-authenticationKeyID`; and finally, you'll need to download the API Key using the Download API Key button. The path to the downloaded file can be passed to xcodebuild using `-authenticationKeyPath`. xcodebuild still requires allow provisioning updates, as it still needs to communicate with the developer website. Once you have that and all the App Store Connect keys, you will have the credentials needed to distribute your app. Now that I have an archive, and credentials, I have everything needed to construct the full xcodebuild command. Here are all the elements put together for the command for Baker. I want to continue to provide updates to my beta testers once a week, so I will set up my CI to do this using this command for distribution. And that is all the ways using Xcode 13. From distributing and the App Store, to distribution methods such as Developer ID, ad hoc, and enterprise. Then, finally, to automate the distribution process, you can use xcodebuild or the Xcode Cloud CI service. on how to distribute your app using Xcode Cloud, please view the "Explore Xcode Cloud workflows" session, and for more information about other distribution methods in detail, the "App Distribution — From Ad Hoc to Enterprise" session has some great information. Thank you so much for listening, and have a great WWDC!

- Create Modular iOS Apps with Swift Packages: Step-by-Step Guide!: Kind: captions Language: en today we're going to be talking about how to use Swift packages to add some modularity to your project let's get started so first things first let's go ahead and create a new project this is going to be a new app here uh this is going to be let's called it whatever and then let's go ahead and say next let's create now to bring some understanding to why we're doing this right so let's say I have a button this button is absolutely crucial to my brand it's something that I use not only in the iOS application but the Mac OS application and maybe I have separate applications Al together that would use it such as like an admin app or employer facing app or an internal app you know so on and so forth so that's where these would come in that you have this whatever button or this thing you want accessible in every project that you use and so now when we want to use our whatever button we can put this right here whatever button add an action and we can make it so it prints hello like so and so now we have our button you click on it it says whatever and it prints hello but like I said this is the very basic start to a button that you want accessible everywhere so let's copy this let's delete it let's say file new packages and then this package is going to be a new library we'll call this my whatever UI for example uh inside of the package here you'll see that it says the name is whatever UI the library is whatever UI and a targets if you go to sources here you'll see that it says whatever UI so this specific library is is targeting this file structure right here so if we want to add some button to whatever UI I say file new file and then this is going to be my whatever button like so we can import Swift UI and add our button now you'll see that it throws some errors so let's go back over to our package let's say platforms so the supported platforms that we want here are going to be let's say iOS and Mac OS so we can say iOS version let's say version 16 or later then we can say Mac OS version and let's say 13 or later or something along those lines right now if we go back to our button here those errors should disappear and so now we have our package created we're good to go uh now let's add the package into our excode project so in order to do that let's go back over here to our folder let's create a new folder here I'm going to call this whatever UI and then inside of here I'm going to drag and drop the contents of the package that I just created into that new file structure that I just created now the reason I do that is because with GitHub specifically if you just drag over this file in its entirety it will not recognize that that change has happened so I create a new file and I add the packages like so and so now we're good to go but now I can take this file just drag this file over all the way over to my whatever project and we have our Swift package accessible right inside of a project like so and so now if I want to use this all I have to do is go over to my content view I can say import whatever UI it will not recognize this because I need to go back over here to my build phases I need to say link binary with libraries here add in my whatever UI like so and now I have my whatever button however you'll notice that it's not recognizing it still and that's because I need to start declaring things that are stored inside of a swift package as public package or private totally depending on what you want but this whatever button I want it to be accessible everywhere so I'm going to say public struct whatever button we have the body this also needs to be declared as public however you'll notice if I go back over to my content view it's still going to say there's no accessible initializer so we need to also add in a public initializer like so so now we have public initializer and now you can save whatever button it's going to print hello build and run this and you'll see that our button is here and it is printing hello like so and so this makes it really easy that if I ever wanted to I can take this whatever UI and use it in other projects so let's close this out let's create a new excode project here I'm going to say this is my admin let's create this on my desktop and then now if I want whatever UI inside of here I can go to my whatever project right here drag this over into here and we now have whatever UI inside of whatever admin and if we want to use that button all we have to do is go back over to our build phases link binary with libraries add that in like so go to our content View and then now we can say our whatever button action and then we need to also import whatever UI in order to be able to access that and now we can print hello to and now we have that button accessible like so now not only is this like a little bit cleaner uh you know everything is now compartmentalized so that if you wanted like a whatever back end or whatever uh AI or you know if I wanted to put that over there I can have different packages for each of those things and therefore import whatever I need at any given time but it also offers this expandability it it allows you to create multiple projects that can use all the same elements so while this tutorial in and of itself is just talking about a simple button eventually this could become your entire backend is import whatever back end or import you know whatever AI or so on and so forth and you might get to the point that everything is segmen tized into these different types of imports uh to make your project a little bit cleaner but there you go that's just like a very small understanding on how to use S packages uh to allow some more like modularization inside of your project so hope that helped see you in the next one bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @davedunn [8 likes]: The reason you have to manually create the folder @2:38 is because you had previously created a separate repository (a hidden ".git" folder) inside the main package folder. If you had skipped creating the repo during package creation, then you could have simply moved the folder. This isn't GitHub's fault, per se.
  2. @mauriciohoyte7546 [5 likes]: waooooooo you look different! - This is the first time in like 10yrs that I've seen your videos. You taught me how to create a IOS mobile game! I'll be forever grateful. Keep doing your thing man, you're the best!
  3. @silver10188 [4 likes]: Always nice to see you. I agree Swift Packages can be treated as mini apps and used in different projects.
  4. @jonwinder1861 [2 likes]: Swift was the very first thing I tried from copying exactly what this guy did in one of his tutorials before learning about programming. I tried it in the middle of one of my majors and realized I made a mistake. Got CS major and now I work as senior developer. It's crazy for me to think back on how long ago that was. This guy had an influence on what I now do for a living. Unfortunately no swift, I ought to learn it now that I actually could
  5. @mrvfino [1 likes]: Thanks Jared. No wonder you looked familiar, I remembered watching an iOS tutorial from almost a decade ago.

Damn I’ve been doing this iOS thing for a long time 😂
  6. @mayiwang [1 likes]: Do you typically create separate git repos for these packages? Also I'd love to see an example of how you might have your backend in a swift package.
  7. @rvamerongen [1 likes]: Nice, very nice, so thank you. Can you create one about the package manager that talks deeper about the package.swift file it selfs; like why, when and how to create different product/. libraries to be used? Als how can i/we have different dependencies for a different platform or targets? Hope you find this file interesting to explain to us.
  8. @LouieTech [1 likes]: i'm so glad jared's back
  9. @joefondu: Wow you completely saved me from purgatory. Thank you so much!
  10. @Денис-ж3ф5р: everybody is getting fatter including me, damn
  11. @Brillig2: So in this example, you used #Preview in your main app. Suppose your app was huge and doing that required a long time to compile the rest of the app, even to render previews? Is it possible to preview in the package? Seems like maybe a sample app is needed, but we don't want the sample app be be included in the main app. Do you have a suggestion for how to do this?
  12. @Brillig2: You can't mix Objective-C (and other kinds of C) and Swift in a single package. You have to put them in separate packages.
  13. @valv0: Great as always!
  14. @mitchellrcohen: Dude. Thank you. Seriously.
  15. @w0mblemania: This was very useful, thank you.
Question: when you copy the WhateverUI package from Whatever app to, say, WhateverAdmin, what is the source of truth?
Do we now have two separate copies of WhateverUI? Or just the one, in the Whatever app?
 
Also, how does this work for version control.
i.e. when I commit WhateverAdmin, will it add any changes to the WhateverUI package?
Cheers.
  16. @srome0711: Thank you
  17. @arsenydunaev2902: Clear and concise. THANK YOU!
  18. @NickitaKuzbass: If anyone is interested, the book under the TV is "The Creative Act" by Rick Rubin : )
  19. @chmziaurrehman: 👍👍
  20. @venusbhatia: Great Information!

- xcodebuild for Fun and Profit (/dev/world 2018): Kind: captions Language: en [Music] good morning thank you everybody I'm Patrick Quinn Graham I have done iOS development in the past but these days I am actually a DevOps engineer at top box we are a Vonage we do WebRTC we make SDKs for iOS Android web Linux lots of things we have lots of moving pieces and doing things manually is it's painful it's time-consuming and it's totally error-prone why are we here this morning I think I promised a journey that might have been too much we're gonna walk through some tools and but just quickly the other room is the one talk about synthesizers so maybe we just no okay I'll do this talk then so this is a relatively familiar site to most of us I'm sure Xcode it's getting a little darker this year some people like that some people for black text on white penis I don't judge them but fundamentally Xcode is it's a Mac application that's very much geared around using a mouse and you know interactive input it's scriptable to an extent but I want to look more in this thing terminal okay we are still going to use Xcode we're just not going to use the dude the first tool it was in the title of the talk so it makes sense to start there is Xcode built just quickly when you see mono spaced text like this it will usually be a terminal command I will put a hash at the start if it's an actual command rather than a comment what can you do with it go to build I mean I guess maybe obviously you can build you can build your app though frameworks you can since you can pretty much do anything with a script phase in an Xcode project you could build your website but you can do it from the command line instead you can also do your tests tests are awesome we write them don't we good at least one festival and not only do we write them but we remember to run them like maybe in a get pre-commit hook but last year last year I did a talk here in this very same spot actually about continuous integration and that pretty much relied on using s code build and expert build test I kind of skipped off some stuff so let's let's dive a little bit into how to actually tell its code food where to do things and you have to tell it what scheme you're you're gonna build or test and then you have to tell it win how do you tell it let's start with real devices cause real devices are fun you're like the lovely people working on procreate you have to for metal the destination specifier is this wonderful key value pair if you have no spaces and it's really easy on an iOS device you can either refer to it by name or with its UUID I prefer UI UID in an infrastructure but that's just because it tends not to change yeah if you're dealing with the Mac application then I mean it's kind of much simpler what about on a simulator because simulators are great is required physical devices they're much easier to deal with they don't tend to crash when you've well they do crash but they crash in a way that you can recover much easier than having someone in a different country going I can unplug something there you can either specify a simulator ID or based on a name and os combination how do you get the simulator ID or are you gonna list of the simulators that are available we'll come back to that there's there's many different ways of specifying these destinations grab the slides off the woods they'll be there link will be at the end and start Joe who's probably here somewhere at the conference I'm pretty sure I saw him yesterday I wrote a really good post and that we'll take you there if you are using Xcode workspaces which if you're using cocoapods or or just brew clean things together you will need to specify a workspace to use and conveniently s code build lets you do that surprisingly with a logically named argument of workspace two two little extra bonus features here you might have used this inside Xcode hides under the build menu of build for testing this is great if you are if you're using Travis CI with matrixes or Jenkins pipelines where you can build once and then run tests and parallel with multiple workers without him to rebuild hey there's another link yay the lovely people at Apple actually wrote some relatively good documentation on the Xcode build and TN two three three nine covers all of this stuff it also provides useful information for future stuff in the talk IPAs does everyone know what an IPA is I'm not talking about the beer sorry and I'm not providing free beer it's too early IPAs in this context are everyone's favorite different extension for a zip file as a way of acting up an iOS app to make an IPA from the command line you have to make an archive as if you come on line arguments you need to specify the destination so that it knows to build a Iowa an iOS rather than iOS simulator version of the app and then you export it much like you would through the GUI in Xcode the one half here is this wonderful export options dot P list I don't know why they require a P list for this rather than just providing more arguments but the IQ that P list basically specifies whether it's a IPA for the App Store or for ad hoc distribution you can also specify the team ID here so that it gets signed appropriately you can even upload to App Store connect using the command line using the wonderful AOL tool we're also going to use I mean here the downside is you're specifying a username and password on the command line so be careful when testing this that it doesn't end up in your shell history bonus here is the wonderful little tool XE run which yay as own documentation says finds and executes the named command line tool from the active developer directory so if you have Xcode Baylor's and the current stable release of Xcode XE run uses whatever you currently have selected through a command line tool and saves you from finding tools like Al tool or later sim control and hey how do you tell it what version of Xcode to use this is really important if you're using using multiple betas especially or furies and developer of continuous integration where you need to test with both a with betas and production releases you can find out what the current version is and how to change to a different one bonus is a typo that should be a single - which brings us to the lovely sim control earlier I promised to provide a list of the available simulators and I didn't lie them sim control lets you list create poke generally managed simulators on your machine it's sometimes a bit wordy you can get a list of the current device the current simulators that are configured on your machine delightfully cold some devices I guess they're simulated devices if you want to make your own simulators say if you want to create different simulators to test different parts of the same or like pairs of applications or if if you just need to have two simulators running at the same time with the same device type to do that you're gonna need a couple of things you're going to need to pick a device type these are iPhone 10 iPhone pay the different watch sizes Apple TV generations iPads etc and you're gonna need to use a runtime simulator run time is effectively an OS or SDK version once you have those two things you just issued XE run sim control create name your simulator give it a device type and a run time and it will give you back a UID because that one loves you you IDs once you have a simulator you can install an app you get an app just by building it using Xcode build run oh sorry Xcode build without doing an archive and then you can install it and you can even launch it in the simulator you can't can't really do that on the physical devices outside of testing we'll get back to that too you can also open URLs if your app supports URLs great for testing the various ways that your app could be invoked from other applications it's also useful if you need to pull things into Safari on an iOS simulator for automated testing there hey I have another link yeah I could probably do a much longer talk on simulator control there's api's for starting and stopping and restarting and racing and pairing watches comparing watches copying stuff in and out through the clipboard but I'm not going to keep going grab the slides afterwards click this lovely link once you've been doing anything with iOS for 10 years you develop a few weird tricks and here here are a couple of mine so I mentioned running an app on the device if typically what you want to do is run your tests from Xcode from XE tests or similar but what if that's not what you want to do something where you just run your app maybe your app is maybe it's a host for a remote control test framework that you've written because you need to test things and lots of devices at once we mean count exactly but but you can chew you can run the run loop in this case test Runner is an actual test inside the test scheme and and all it does is say run loop run from the next 100 milliseconds or so and then come back it effectively blocks forever but still allows the main thread to execute the what loop if you're not familiar with the run loop you kind of can get away without knowing about it but learning it and it's and how it affects the way that your app works and how blocking it affects your apps performance means that it's worth doing you can also when spinning up additional threads run your own run loops okay when dealing with automated testing it's sometimes useful to specify or inject strings at run time or other values this is how you get it into objective-c in addition to the regular arguments to Xcode build it takes a bunch of environment variable kind of things on the end that is effective against effectively AC macro Swift well okay firstly for Swift you can bring in the objective-c from C macros using their bridging header or if you don't need dynamic strings Flags work great and here's how you pass in those code sign I'm sure everyone's favorite part of Iowa's development especial especially now that app reviews gotten really short when you're using Xcode Xcode kind of does a lot of it for you that's awesome doesn't always work out great in continuous integration environments or if you just have something weird like another really open source where if you specify a team that doesn't really work for anyone who's if you need to specify the team youth development team on the end of Xcode build there's also a flag for disabling automatic signing but you don't always need that custom ketones in my case in the continuous integration environment I didn't want the these certificates that could sign ass with distribution to be in the general key chain where anyone could access them I also that keychain locked every time that computer was left unattended which was all the time so making your own keychain is really simple and keychain access file new keychain once you have a keychain you can drag and drop certificates from other keychains into it lock the keychain and now you can copy that keychain on to other computers we use use chef to get the files onto individual machines but your CI system could pull it down through whatever secrets mechanism it has once you have that loading a keychain so you can use it in both the delightful lists keychain come on knows why it's list you unlock a keychain hey this one's logically named again this allows you to pass a password in on the command line be careful with your shell history if you are because signing happens at the end of your build phase if your builds take a long time which depending on what's involved and how much there is can be painful and you can easily end up with your keychain locking before your build starts so if you unlock it before the build build starts key turns lock build fails unhappy developers change it using this cool I mean this kind of falls into the weird trick but there's this just wonderful library it's kind of written I think originally to let Linux users talk to icons using USB mocks and the other kind of ways of connecting to iOS devices but it happens to work pretty well on the map if you get it from homebrew it does things like let you get a list of devices that are attached with their.you IDs you can get device information now in this case this this particular command will give it to you in plist form which is great for programmatic consumption but without without the dash X it gives you this so you can see that when I ran this that the device was an iPhone and I find 10 yeah it doesn't say that we can work that out from the product type and you can see that it is running iOS 12 and the MAC address of the Wi-Fi useful stuff for trying to work out what devices are attached to your CI server you can do more with it but short talk and and I mean these aren't weird these are not weird so I called them the grab bag section XE pretty if you've run Xcode much you know that it out this output tends to look kind of like this the Xcode build team don't believe in color at all and trying to work out from here what tests ran and whether they passed or not no piping it through exe pretty gets you this hopefully much easier to understand probably still hard to read but that's okay the important part is I can see much much more easily that through that green and spacing around things that good news spacing could help that my to unit test past and that my UI tests which are a separate group of tests also passed and lastly I don't think I could do a talk about automation and builds on iOS without mentioning fastly that's their tagline tagline that they claim automation done right they have tools to do things like generating all the screenshots that you need across all the different device types managing later and App Store releases immune do that using Xcode build as I demonstrated earlier in the talk and that's effectively what Fastlane is doing but it's worth knowing how it works first I'm only going to talk about one one tiny part of fast lane here and math certificates and code signing specifically because that's one thing that is still hard to automate yourself worth investigating fast lanes code signing support and also for provisioning profile so proving provisioning profiles have been something that I have largely avoided or largely avoided success at automating outside of using fast lane on machines where I don't do that I never really end up copying provisioning profiles around by hand and that's really boring

- Why Your Xcode Builds Are Slow (and How to Speed Them Up): Kind: captions Language: en This view and this piece should be a sign that your builds are performing badly. If you don't know what this view is and how I got there, you want to watch this video. Before I dive in, make sure to like and subscribe and follow along. So, this is Xcode 26. It works pretty much the same in other versions of Xcode as well, but follow along. You might have your project settings open. This is more than fine. The first thing you want to do is run a clean build. This goes quite fast, but your builds will now become slower because you cleaned all the caching files. And this is important when you start analyzing your build's performance because you want to know that your state is in in a clean state, right? Like if you optimize while caching is active, your optimization makes no sense. Once you cleaned, you can run a new build. You can do so by using command B or by going to product build. Luckily enough, we can skip forward in this video. Now that the build completed, the first thing you want to do is go to the build navigator and select your last build. In my case, the whole build assistant is already open. If not, you can click on this assistant button. As you can see, it moves away from me now and it shows again. uh for those that want you can also show it on the right side or on the bottom like I have right now. And this is where you could look into all the specifics for your build. However, this is quite a lot, isn't it? And this is because this is a clean build. So everything is compiled, every single Swift file. And that's not where you want to optimize. The majority of your builds are incremental. And incremental means it builds forward on your previous state. So what you want to do now is once again use command B or product build and this build should already be much faster right so in my case let's look at this and you can see that this looks quite optimal and the reason here is that I optimized the previous build that we had before and a great way of learning is by going back and forth between a solution that you wrote right like is the solution that I created actually uh helping and in my case it was a run script phase that was pretty slow. So let's look into it. As you can see here in this code I added the if configuration is released before my incremental builds did not include this and the script would run on every incremental build. So let's see what happens if I remove this if statement again. And then we do product build. You can see it's already slow, right? Um I'll let you wait on this one because I want want you to to feel the slowness of this this build, right? And if we now go back into the into the details of the the build activity, you can see that this custom shell script reappeared. And this is exactly what you don't want. And it's so easy to introduce, right? This could be a single pull request that suddenly introduces a new uh third party dependency or such. And let me be clear, this has nothing to do with Sentry. This is very much my way of implementing Sentry where I use their code for every single debug build. And in fact in this case I only want to send my DSIM files for release builds because I'm not analyzing sentries results for my debug runs. So a perfect solution here is indeed to exclude doing this for regular debug builds. Now you can see that if we compare this incremental build with the previous uh clean build, a lot of things don't happen anymore, right? Swift is super smart and you should trust the system as well to optimize for incremental builds. Um, so there's not much you can do in here. Yeah, this is a project by project scenario, right? It could be that for your project, this view looks completely different and it's actually worth optimizing. Now, I want to show you another cool thing that you can do in Xcode. If you go to product perform action build with timing summary, it will do another incremental build, but this time it will give you a timing summary of the things that it did. And in this case, you can see it here in the bottom that the phase script execution took two seconds. We had some code signing and we had some uh P list file processing. This could be another way of looking into your builds and how they perform. Now, back in the days, we could go into build settings, change a few things, and um we could optimize the build performance via that way. Luckily, nowadays, the default build settings for Xcode are so much better optimized, and there's not much of like maybe you remember the wall module optimization that used to be a thing back in the days to really make sure that you you played around with that variable, so to say. Now this is for new project that I'm sure this is all correct but I want you to check the following build settings for existing projects to ensure that this is all set correctly. The first one optimization level you have two and one is for Apple clang and the other one is for the swift compiler. Um I'm not going into much detail what these are. You can always click on one and open the site uh inspector and press the question mark. And here you'll often find more information about it and otherwise you know the websites uh regarding this will will give you more insights. Either way for for this like your debug builds you don't want to optimize. This could actually influence your debugging experience. So turn that off. Make sure it's turned off. Same here for uh code generation. And here in this case you can see that there's quite a detailed information available right? So make sure to check that out if you want to learn more. The next thing you want to check is compilation mode. This is set to incremental by default, which makes sense, right? You want to build incrementally for your debug builds to optimize the performance. Up next, build active architectures only. Set this to yes for debug builds because you're only building for a specific target at that point. So it doesn't make sense to build for all the architectures at that point. And finally, kind of relates to the build phase that I showed you earlier. You don't always need a day sim file, especially for debugging, right? So, check if that's turned off and set it to dwarf only. Now, we're in the build settings. I love to show you another trick that I like using every now and then. Here, I'm in the build settings of my Xcode project, and you can see that I configured a few other Swift flags. And when you set these, make sure to set them on new lines altogether. Don't make them show up in a single line because then they won't work. or you see like quotes around it. In this case, we have a warn long function bodies set to 100, which means like warn me if a body takes longer than 100 milliseconds to compile check. And the same for long expression type checking also set to 100. Now, if you build using this setting, you will suddenly get warnings for function bodies that are way too long. And I love a common example with Swift UI bodies. So in this case I searched my warnings for limit because it could be that your project is not in such a great state that you have a lot of warnings. And if you search for limit you can see all the type checks that um happen during this new build. And in this particular example I want to look into my onboarding view. And yeah this is not the the the longest view possible but it already shows that you know type checking took 763 milliseconds to complete. And this is a case per case scenario, right? Like your project might have much more complex views or structures of or or methods. And and don't be confused, right? This is type checking. It doesn't mean the actual performance of your Swift UI view uh is super bad at runtime. Uh this is about compile time checks that you want to optimize for. And if you fix all these warnings, it's very likely that your incremental builds, but also your clean builds will speed up. So you might wonder what do you need to do in this case? Well, I always like to simplify my views, move things into subfuse. I actually have a great video that you can watch um which tells you more about the techniques that I like to use to solve these problems. The final thing I want you to show is rocket sim for teams because when do you know when a build is actually slow? It's when it already happened. And it's much better to be informed at the time that it happens. and Rocket Simple Teams can help you out. Um, it collects all the build durations from your whole team. So, if you're a team with 10 engineers, you will gather from each engineer individually the build performance. Uh, this could actually mean that you could see uh an latest MacBook performs much better than an old Mbook M1 MacBook for example. Uh, which could be a decision point to give your whole team the latest MacBook. So in this case I'm looking at the Rocket Sim Xcode project and here you can see undetermined builds. This is kind of legacy where we didn't differentiate between an incremental and a clean build yet. But for this case I can filter on incremental builds. And if I take a longer time period you can see that there are quite some bumps here. And if I focus on the typical build time you can actually see where my performance issue happened and when I started investigating this all together for uh Rocket Sim. Now, incremental builds always differ quite a bit, right? Because sometimes you focus on a piece of code that is much more optimized for incremental builds and sometimes you work on a lot of code changes at once, which makes an incremental build automatically slower. And that's why there's quite some different in the numbers here. But the overall picture should help you indicate like, hey, the trend of builds really slowed down and we need to optimize here accordingly. So, the great thing is you can get a 14-day free trial with RocketSim. The link is below in the description. And with that, I want to end this video. Hopefully, you'll find something you can do for your project to make builds a little bit faster. Because imagine if it's like 5 seconds a day, how many builds you do per day, say it's 100, what the time you will save. If you like this video, make sure to like and subscribe below and leave a comment if you have some feedback for me to improve this video in the future.

  Top Comments:
  1. @futuregootecks: for the first time, my vibe coding has taken me into the wide world of xcode, and this was super helpful, thank you!!!
  2. @nazar_dinsync: Thanks for the video, I really learned something new from it. By the way, what software do you use to get the larger cursor and the smooth zoom animations?
  3. @DonJon200: Enjoy your content also learn a lot from them
  4. @baaddin: Thank you for the excellent explanation 💐 Also, if you are working on a large project and want to find out which Swift files have long build times and why, I recommend using the BuildTimeAnalyzer. It is quite useful.

- Build iOS App from scratch - Part 8-  Setup DEV, QA and PROD environment using schemes in Xcode: Kind: captions Language: en friends welcome to today's video so today we are going to discuss about environments that how we can have multiple environments in your app now in any real time project I'm not talking about your individual projects but if you work for any corporate in any project you will have multiple environments like develop and QA uat staging Productions and many more based on that how they want to uh or how many environment they want to set up okay so our code should not be made in such a way that if let's say that someone asks you or that any list give me a build for Dave so you are changing something in the code you are deleting some URL you are pointing to new URL that should not happen like it should be just a change of Target or something and then the bills would be released for that particular environment okay so let's that in this video I take three common environment that is one is your div and QA and abroad okay so to have multiple environment the first thing what you have to do if you see here if I go to General here here in the info so you have two configurations which is by default uh created when you create a project one is your debug and one is your release okay so what we have to do we have to copy this environment and create three uh for us basically like one will be your debug when will your QA and what will your production Okay so here let's first copy this so plus and then you have to copy this one and let's call this as debug uh QA okay and let me copy one more time and let me call it as deeper plot okay and we can also change this one to debug so now I have three environments Dave plot and QA and the same thing I'll do for the release as well so duplicate release so first will be release let's say QA and then you have again duplicate you have release prod and I'll change this to release so now total if you see I have three configuration for debug and three for release right today Broad and Q a so you can set up as many as you want okay now right now if you see we have just one target okay edit schema and then here you can see that they have predefined configuration for different thing like for running it will be using debug for profile it will be using release for archive also it will be release right and the similar way we have to do for our uh three targets that we are going to create that is a div QA and uh plot so there's a lot of way one way is that you can click on a new schema okay and Target will be seen and let's call this ah QA okay now we have created this QA so let's uh edit this and uh the release will be release QA or to analyze this will be debug QA profiling will be Again release QA test will be debug QA and here there is nothing so this is done okay so similar way I'll create it for uh prod also [Music] and click on manage schema and then I can delete this one right so now if you see I have three schema in my project that is div prod and QA okay if you have three schema then obviously you should be also having a three different uh bundle IDs right I right now if you see we have just one bundle ID but in your actual scenario what will happen that each Target so that at the same point of time you want to have QA Dev and prod all the build in your phone so if you keep the same bundle IDs and so what will happen that if you have Dave and and then you want to have QA it will override your debit right so for better practice it's always good to have different bundle IDs for your different targets so that I can have at the same point of time I can have a different kind of builds in my phone okay so for that what we need to do is basically that we can go to targets build setting and here we should search for bundle ID yeah here okay no if you see we have seen here different schema different configuration that we have actually just created okay and if you see by default all because we copied actually and by default bundle ID was this com.test this bhagavad-gita so that the same got copied everywhere okay now what we need to do we need to change it and that all depend on you how you want so I'll change this to dot Dev and then this is pro and then you have QA so this will be dot QA test dot tab then here Dot Plot and then here dot QA so now you have your bundle IDs ready for different uh Target so if I run it I can have now uh three different uh builds at the same point of time okay okay and now if you come back to General here it will show that the bundle ID is different okay I should go back here and search for display name so you can say that you have this display name as well and what we can do we can call it as let's say bug b-h-a-g-a-gita and then this is day right we'll call it as Dave similarly this is a debug plot so I'll call it as I'll just for plot I'll just call it as bhagavad-gita okay and for debug QA I'll call it as QA and again for the same thing we'll go for release also so this is Dave this is just Bhagavad Theta and then this is your QA okay now let's try to run on different schema and see how actually it appears in your simulator okay so let me first run my QA then run for div and the plot and I should see three different name um in my uh app okay so let it build so here is the simulator and if you see here this is uh showing something let me just shorten the name for you so I'll just call it as Gita day and this also has Gita and this also has Gita okay so this time we can see properly what's the name actually it's showing in the summator so I'm running a QA so you can see it's telling Gita QA okay and now if I run this plot it will just show me Gita because product name is Gita so there's no link between uh this name and this name displayed in many time we confuse so you can have any name whatever you want okay and see now this is showing Gita in the same way if I run div it will sort Dev now that's one way that how we can use this configuration to have different schemas and then different name you can have even different assets that will see in the later video but how we can maintain different URL that's the main topic for this video so for that what we have to do is that we have to create different uh schema okay so let me create a new folder here basically uh called configuration and then new file and here search for settings you will get some configuration settings file so click on this next and you can call any name so I'll call it as similar to what my target is so BHA with Gita and add it to the Target create then and then the new file again so now I have three different schema that is defined for basically for the three different uh Target okay is that how will my configuration know about this particular things okay so what for that what you need to do is that go to your general here again in projects so what you have to do you have to click on this Target and here just select what configuration you want so this is the workday I want the similarly this is a prod so I want here fraud this is keyway so I want here QA this is again Dev so Dev this is prod and this is again for QA okay so now each of my configuration is linked with the schema that we created okay so now my configuration know about the schema now how to take some variable here let's say that if I want to Define some base value that's the most common uh scenario right so let's say that if I have something like base URL here okay no I'll just copy and paste some dummy URL here so this is the API that we are going to use so this is the rapid API I'll show you in the later video uh and this is actually just for demo purpose basically the URL is up to here only one more thing here you should keep in mind if you are defining a string you don't need to put a double quote I don't know why Apple specifically does that but you do need to write that okay if you write it it will give some sort of error and here let's go to QA make it as QA let's go to plot and this make it as broad so this I'm just going to differentiate that if I run different Target and if I try to print this URL I should get different values right and uh no the same thing you have to add in your info dot police no if in the new projects by default the info fields are not there so you have to go here info and then you click on this plus right at this property and you don't need to give any value the value will be taken care based on the uh Target that you are running okay so now I defined it okay base u r I think my spinning is wrong so let me put right spelling okay and same thing will go to here this is base URL and this is also base URL okay so okay ah so no uh this is done so next thing what I'm going to do is that create a file which will actually read this so let me create a sort file and call it as configuration manager so now let me just copy and paste few piece of code here so here what is basically happening that you have this enum API and then this is a static object okay now this means that you can access this without creating any instance or something API dot base URL you can access it and once you call this what it basically try to do it tries to call this build configuration dot value for this base URL now what basically this is doing so if you see this build configuration this is again enum this is private because we are not accessing it from anywhere else and uh here you have this basically this function which is important for you so what it basically does it reads the same thing for your uh in in your bundle dot main dot object studies and then it tries to find the value for the same thing okay so here first it will go to this place your info display list and for this particular object it will come to the schema and get the values from here okay so that's what is happening in this particular function okay so yeah just so that if you want to copy down you can copy down this particular function okay and then we are calling this now let's me just print this that whether it is printing perfectly or not so can be one of the place so here print and then API dot Pasteur okay now if I run this so right now see you are in the prod so we are expecting this particular in the line in the printer statement right so if you run for day that's your print for Dev so let me see the print and you can see that here this is printing plot okay now let me change the target to div and this time it should give me the day okay so this way is easy or that you can Define different schema and then and you see that you don't need to change anything you don't need to change any line of code to actually run in different Target you just need to select your target okay and you can see that the value is printing there okay now ah now the next part is that what if if you want to have uh like for example differentiate in different Target let's say that I want to use in some piece of code logic based on dev QA and Broad now how can we do that okay so for that what you have to do let me just write few pieces of code here firstly so my file name is configuration manager so I can do it like I can Define enum configuration manager and inside that I can have another enum called environment okay now this environment can have cases based on how many targets you have I have three that is div then QA and then product okay so that means environment can have either of these three value okay we can define an object here static where environment and this is going to return me environment okay now how can I know that whether I have to return day QA or Broad okay so for that you need to do one more extra thing that is to Define this thing in your active compilation uh flag okay so what we need to do basically is that go here and go to your Target and here search for go to build settings search for active it will be compiler yeah this one active comparison condition now if you see how we copied for debug so by default the debug is copied everywhere so here this is div so what I I'll basically do is that I one more thing that is step okay similarly this is plot so I'll add it as a prod this is QA so I'll add it as q a similarly this is release div so I'll add here as a Dave again and this one is uh fraud so add plot and then QA okay so now this is done so now what we can do we can go back to our configuration manager and now we can access this in our code so what we can do we can write it like hash if okay if it is there then what you have to do return Dot yeah right so now let me just copy this and here the next condition will be also else if it is q a then return then you have one more elusive condition that if it is prod like we have just said three values it can be either of this 3. and then this case we had written plot okay and then in the last you have to use and F okay so now let me just make it little clear and uh yeah the error is gone now let's say that you want to check this thing in your uh app that which environment you are because what will happen that when you have more and more parameters I don't prefer extra polluting my schema file so you can have a different let's say Json file and based on the environment you can read the Json file and make a structures uh for that let's say that a common structure containing all your data like what kind of Base you are using or any any kind of parameter okay so that way you can also do using this environment thing so for a time being let me just print this in the view model again here so print dot environment okay so right now I'm running div so it should print me uh Dave right so let's see what it prints so you can see that the print is there don't let me change it and run into plot okay so now this time it should print product okay so that way how you can differentiate based on your environment anywhere if you want a specific Logics to be written for a specific environment so that's all for today's video hope you have enjoyed it uh watching this and if you really enjoyed then please do subscribe the channel thanks for watching thank you

  Top Comments:
  1. @CesarGonzalez-q3y: Awesome 😎
  2. @usharao5967: Can we set base url’s based on active compilation type with out having configuration setup?
  3. @ranganathchenna4559: Nice viceo .

Do video on GraphQL..!
:yougotthis:
  4. @rajeshkumaryarlagadda6389: Nice video.. Thanks for the series. No youtube video covers things in such details
  5. @vaibhavthakur1875: Why have you created Debug-Dev and Release-Dev. and save for QA and Prod?
Instead of this you could have also done like - 
change Debug to Dev.
change Release to Prod.
copy release and change to QA.

- xcodebuild - Jesse Collis - March 2019: Kind: captions Language: en so I've got a little bit of so my issue was yeah I feel like maybe there's a way for there's something happening right now in the industry and I feel I felt I've been feeling it for a while and one build multiple export was my problem so running the build four times in one pipeline was just too slow and bit Rises slow anyway most people just gem install fast lane and they used fast files and they have all this stuff basically sitting there in some ruby version that you know some Ruby father they don't really understand that they're writing Ruby it's just a DSL 4x code built in my opinion all prefix everything I'm saying before the end rant slide with it's my opinion we've gone through AB so at domestic had you know we do lots of different client apps so each project is slightly different some go out by enterprise some hit the App Store some go to App Center it's it's all everything's everything's different so we're sitting there wrestling with Fastlane most of the time it's like okay some requirement comes in to submit a UAE build or something else to test lighter this in that I found that most of the time you spend in the fast lane documentation trying to work out what the action is to do a thing that is essentially just a wrapper around Xcode build you sitting there trying to work out what the what the code signing error is the code signing errors just bubbled up from Xcode build so why not learn how Xcode build works so Xcode build and how it works is actually divided awkwardly across two methods two things you run man Xcode build and that gives you the manual file and that is an epic epic file get to it it's probably a good screensaver so Xcode build that's not X that's a different one so it's just it's epic it's just it's all your options it's all here it's it's overwhelming it's overwhelming is is the word that's why I think a lot of people haven't haven't bothered to to sort of go through it inside Xcode build when you get into their kind of nitty-gritty of how to code sign something which i think is also what most of us spend most of our time dealing with you've got to go to Xcode build help and you've got to read about the export options P list I'll get to that in a second this is Xcode build this is a normal project if you've got your project set up with a scheme and a configuration so a simple configuration is debug or release if you're doing different things I've changed my opinion of this over the last year or so in the same mindset this used different configurations so if you've got a UAT release and you've got a production release just use two configurations so for example you've got your scheme sorry yeah well if you if your dependencies don't have the same name to configuration it defaults to release which is the reason why I haven't used it previously cocoapods seems to get in the way and create all those intermediate configurations for you I also don't like cocoa pods but in that case it's good set up your workspace set up your scheme this is a like a example shell script they'd say this I pulled it directly out of the shell script I wrote for this project set up your workspace set up your scheme X the archive path you can make that up it doesn't have to be archive it could be anything but that's that's what I've called it and then the D seems path is always slash D seems inside the inside the archive and then you run Xcode build scheme archive path archive and then if you want to add your own X code arguments into the command you just probably just put them on the end which is great for CI if you've got a build number or something like that I'm not going into Xcode XC argument sexy convicts but that's the gist workspace scheme archive path archive then you end up with an Xcode archive on your machine I'm ignoring code signing for the minute I think there is a default yes it ends up inside the developer directory somewhere but if you want to control it for subsequent requests it's much easier to just tell it where to go yep all right so say I want to take this and I want to export it by ad hoc ad hoc code sign it by ad hoc distribution which is great for non enterprise stuff up to App Center or whatever a couple more variables I've got my export path for the ad hoc I've got my ad hoc export options plist then I just run Xcode build export archive archive path blah blah blah those three things then you can find the IPA file it generates with this fancy script which is just find the name with star I PA given your other variables bang neg on OPA again assuming you've got the code signing details installed now the trick to understanding how Xcode archive export whatever it is this one export archive works is actually not in the manual for Xcode build it's in the help for Xcode build underneath the export options plist distributing archive and it actually is mentioned in the main file it says blah blah blah go and look at Xcode build help so if it wasn't already complex enough and you're sitting there and you're going blurry you end up here like oh yeah that's how I had been the last mind you expert build has improved over the years so I can't say that you know we've all been ignorant for the last ten years it so got better in the last couple of episodes of Xcode so that's what that's from the man file and then we're gonna end up but from there I'll go back to my my terminal here and then you go into Xcode built help and it's just another it's this and this is all about this is the most important thing is how the export options plist works if you read it top to bottom it doesn't make any sense so what I did on this the through this exploration is I'm okay I'm gonna order all of these bits here that it's talking about in the context of how I like in context of what they do so for example compiled bit code is for non App Store exports like alright I'm going to group all the things that are for non App Store exports underneath the same headings and all of a sudden I swear it started to make sense here we go so generic settings these apply to everything the method that you would put in an export options pay list is either App Store validation ad hoc package and defaults to development that's all that needs to say it says this whole paragraph of things signing style is manual automatic defaults to automatic if your export was automatic team ID is your portal team the non App Store export all you care about is whether you compile bit code or not and that defaults to yes so you don't really care about it and whether you want thinning defaults to none I'm not sure that it doesn't really matter and then App Store exports upload bit code upload symbols so they default to yes then it's provisioning profiles if you if you go from this general settings if you set the signing style to manual which inadvertent that you are doing when you export it yourself you have to set the provisioning profiles key in your export options P list that's your bundle identifier and that's the UUID of the provisioning profile installed on your system if you've got those set up most of what Fastlane does is generate this file on the fly and then just pipe it into Xcode build Xcode archive that's a key component that actually would be better documentation than what they wrote signing certificate there's too much information here but this is where that iOS distribution iOS developer thing kind of comes out and you can also provide that specifically but um most of the time it can work that out it defaults to what does it say it defaults to it based on it based on the distribution so it kind of works that out most the time so here is an example so it's a little bit small but here's an example of the bare minimum plist you need to take that exported archive and end up with a build and add a hop build or an app store build so destination is export that's actually the default anyway generate app store information false method app store provisioning profiles there's that key again signing style manual stripped Swift symbols I think that defaults are true there's your team ID upload bit code upload symbols that's all you need say I want export to the App Store it's the same code I showed before but with a different export options plist so you can actually differentiate between how you code sign your app based on that on that P list that you've got there this isn't any completely exhaustive version of how to do all this but the point is it's the same thing between App Store and ad hoc then am i okay can I get rid of the upload to test for upload to App Store thing I trolled through the new iTunes Connect API the only thing it doesn't do is upload things that's in some other set of documentation that's not referenced in Xcode build help or x-man Xcode build it's in some other thing it's called I TMS transporter it has existed forever you can pick it it's part of Xcode build so it's so it's part of the application loader app you can see you sort of generate the transporter home thing here if you read it's documentation it tells you what to do you can take the IPA file you generated you give it a couple of other variables a couple of environment variables and it'll just upload it to test fly that's it so the whole script that we took that was all this fast lane configuration and backwards of this and that we replaced with a couple of different configurations and what I said I park from assigning the variables from the C I were using bit rised assigning variables to local things it's like four commands that you have to kind of work out how to read and I felt that the key was taking this taking that export options plist and kind of putting it in the right order so I guess what I'm getting at is not not to be not to be harsh but tools like fast lane and those things someone has just gone in read the documentation and wrapped it in Ruby whereas really it's not that it's not that complicated especially in 2019 these tools are actually really close so you can in a simple case which I think especially if you're in a position where you're a product company or you've got your own products and it's just sort of one or two as a shell script to go from building running the tests and uploading to test flight is it's pretty straightforward yep yep I think fundamentally and they're getting it back back to my opinion I think fundamentally like I spend a lot of time riding iOS apps and distributing our iOS apps it actually wasn't that difficult it only took like why probably took a day I spent like a whole day once that day like I was determined to get it right but once you dig into the documentation it's not too bad not anymore I think when Fastlane came on the scene all this wasn't quite as it wasn't quite a screw-up like Pandy now it's it's got a lot better that's my if that I hope that spurs some interest in going to man Xcode build a SC provider is if you go to the documentation for AI TMS transporter you can log in with your details and it gives you the eye TMS the ASC provider it's it's like your team ID sort of thing it's it's pretty similar um I didn't it wasn't too hard to find yep that's it App Store connect that's all I got for this one any questions can you put this yes I mean I mean - I mean to type it up um I've got a gist where I took the my on the Internet so my effort so far I've got a gist where I've reorganized the Xcode build help and I've annotated it further and honestly I refer to that all the time so it's like here's here's where it goes super handy but yes it needs to be in some other format so hit spacebar and you can copy it Jessie I might be a little bit slow but so just going back to your original problem you are so saying that your Fastlane set up with such that you were building from scratch four different times was it to get four different artifacts and so you're saying that the benefit here is you build once but then you export the archive in different formats right so do you think that's a case of where does Fastlane not support exporting at all or so it forces you to build from scratch or is it just just that you didn't know that that was a possibility and so you could learn how fast I was doing what it's doing or you could figure fastlane out to try and get it to wrangle so the blog post I just posted into the slack basically says exactly that as well but I think this is a case of like any kind of third-party library that is intended to make your life easier it's great you could be lazy but then at some point you know it actually benefits you to understand the underlying thing and it might be three lines of code for what you need versus reporting a whole massive you know react native library or a ruby environment to do your builds and I haven't developed since probably about 2013 and this is just taking me right back to the good old days inside the Fastlane hub repo inside the source code for Fastlane this amazing shell script called re-signed SH that is basically fully documented obviously well tested and it's the shell script that Fastlane calls internally to do all of its recode signing I might just use that but yeah maybe Fastlane is becoming the kind of JSON pausing library of 2019 or maybe it's the sort of the unnecessary constraint abstraction that we don't need anymore because the API is under the hood are getting a little a little bit more but a rewrite of the the Xcode build manual file and a rewrite of the expo build help file would actually make this much better oh yeah so our builds were like 15 minutes times four so that was you know I'm not going to work so now it's 15 minutes times two not long not long once reading the documentation understanding like what I needed to do no not long at all I'm super simple just deciding on the paths and this and that very straightforward [Applause]

- SETUP CI/CD for iOS UNDER 10 MINS with Github Actions and Fastlane: Kind: captions Language: en hello everybody today i want to share with you a basic cicd setup based on what we have in accenturing in the build team which is an app with around 500k monthly active users so first i want to check out with you this diagram here which describes an example of what your workflow uh might look like right um we have first we have a development branch developer starts working on the new thing whether feature or bug finishes working on it raises a pull request and then two things happen first as usual team members review the pull request and second of all ci would uh run uni test which is very convenient right if the code looks good and unit has passed the progress is merged by a developer right and then actually what can also happen is that whenever photographs is merged we deploy a new belt to the test flight or maybe firebase let's say right and today we want to talk about this little thing here see iran's unit test maybe later on we'll discuss also this part how we might deploy a build to the test light right so let's kick off uh we have a repository uh with the starter project i'll share a link um below but basically here how it would look like you might want to fork the repository so that you can have the full control over github actions right since i have it already here and also on my macbook here as well i'll just check out the start branch uh just to have the starter project ready and um just so you know it's basically an empty swiss ui app right nothing else so we just have a one test here which we all actually um are going to run later let's actually open visual studio codes or something of your preference i just like it when i work with your ruby files right first of all what we want to actually create a folder.github where we would like to create another folder called workflows and we want to create our first workflow file so we call it a pull request the file extension is yaml because it's usually a configuration format that is used to describe workflows for csd right okay so i'm not going to uh type it from scratch otherwise it will take uh too much time i'll just copy and paste it here and we can go over it and see what actually we have here so first of all we have a name straightforward right then we want to describe when this workflow should be triggered first of all we want to trigger it when we have a pull request that points to the develop branch right and uh this thing right here just tells that hey we want to actually be able to trigger this workflow manually okay awesome so workflows actually consist of jobs and we have only one here that is called tests you can remain rename it to whatever to whatever you want like testimonial whatever um just kidding so let's leave it like tests runs on mac os right um so the machine actually starts in the clean state so nothing is there first of all we want to uh get our code there we use this action called checkout here then we want to cancel previous runs so basically if this workflow is already running on the same branch and we start a new one as for example we push a new commit we don't want to waste time and money and we just cancel the previous run yes that's why we have it here then we set up xcode um to be able to run unit tests obviously then we get ruby ruby to get a jam and jam to get bundle and bundle to actually get fastlane which we are going to use to run yeah to run unides as well so then we have a little thing here uh just for the cache right so what we want to do is actually we don't want to fetch uh packages um over and over again uh for uh for each um for each workflow run want to share it um share the cache if possible right so that's pretty much it uh but the most important part that we're interested in is missing which is unitas and we we are going to build it right now so first of all we want to create a gem file jam files so gem is basically like spm for ruby and all we want to get here the only dependency we care about is fastlane right um right now we uh we can actually run if you have uh ruby installed in your machine and bundler as well we can just uh run sorry not fast lane but bundle install this thing will install a fast lane so i'll just fast forward it when it's on okay it's already here so fastlane is installed awesome uh what we want to do now is actually create a new folder um for fast lane we call it fastlane obviously and the first file we create is going to be called fast not fast lane but fast file this is how it might look like right so we declare a version platform now we can actually add a lane i'm just going to copy and paste it here as well it's very simple you see uh we have a lane which is basically like a function that you can call uh from a command line or that ci also can use right so it's like an interface basically for whatever you built inside fast lane or with fast lane it uses a tool provided by suffice lane called scan um it is used to run uh unit testing right it's not on the all it takes to run new test obviously we have to specify which exactly test we want to run like for example which scheme because you might have many schemes this will create a scan file scan file for the scan right and i'm going to also copy and paste configuration and prepared before so we declare a few things like workscapes uh workspace scheme and other things you can change them according to your project but basically that's what we have here another important thing what we want to add is get ignore file get ignore file um so we actually have a build folder uh which um is going to store some of the things like bold artifacts and also test reports from fastlane okay i hope it should be enough to actually run unit tests with fastlane right now so let's type it in like that so fast lane unit tests and let's see how it works okay you see it running okay here we go so fast lane tools finished successfully we run one test without any failure awesome so now we can move on now we want to actually extend our workflow file this is how we would run unit test but since we also have our cache setup here we want to do something else and now you can see so we if there's not no cache we just ignore it and run in this as usual and if we have a cache we actually pass a skip package dependencies resolution to true because we hope that we have them already okay so uh to see how it works we uh we will have to actually check out uh let's check out your new branch let's call it um test tutorial i don't know you can call it whatever you want and we want to check what we have added okay looks good and we want to add all of them and um so so before we go to github i actually forgot something which is a ruby version let's set it to real quick i'll use two point seven two two uh point two it's something that works for me right now i hope it will work for you as well get ads get commits push let's see how it works okay so now we are ready to go to github and actually erase our pull request that should be able to actually trigger what we uh we have built so far so this tutorial for to create the full request so after a while we see this thing pop up and yeah let's see what's inside okay awesome our test pass fastlane runs successfully and we executed what one test with zero failures awesome now we can see this beautiful green mark here all checks have passed awesome congrats on your first cicd workflow awesome see you next time ciao

  Top Comments:
  1. @patrykszylin6423 [5 likes]: You haven't covered the CD part of the pipeline, all I'd say is do not provide clickbait titles, it just wastes people's time and sets bad reputation for your channel.
  2. @Allotey501 [2 likes]: Nice subject topic, was unable to understand you properly because of the speed you was going through things and the background music
  3. @aleksej_spb [1 likes]: Great tutorial! Thank you 😊
  4. @DarrenL97420 [1 likes]: Awesome !! Great video Tim
  5. @Xcoder-Ayush [1 likes]: Great video for CI. You should have upload another video for CD part as well. But thanks! 👍
  6. @AZisk [1 likes]: Great video! Thanks!
  7. @paulo.mendes [1 likes]: this was awesome, plz do more vids
  8. @ExploreCaptureCreate [1 likes]: Getting this Error: Error: input ruby-version needs to be specified if no .ruby-version or .tool-versions file exists
  9. @ThuanNguyen-tx1io [1 likes]: Thank you very much
  10. @no_cola: А марк был хорош!
  11. @suakamdes8564: Kool. CI is almost required in maintaining app thesedays.
  12. @jingwang4652: Thank you so much. This is super helpful to people like me, who just start using Github actions. I tried your method and scripts in Github, I think both `Fastfile` (the options param) and '.yml' (it seems that you need to set read/write permission for Actions) needs to be updated a bit to get it work. Also, I think the in your Github repo the `main`  branch does not reflect the work in this tutorial but the `c1-pull-request` branch. Just a suggestion, that It would be great if you can update the the video and repo to help more developers.
  13. @sujanpaudel1461: Very Smooth. Well done
  14. @juliaitbaeva8530: Cool ). Thank you. One thing, could you give a hint which dependencies we might need for CI/CD Android with Fastlane??
  15. @oshrizafrani: you said CI/CD, but from what I see, you cover only the CI part.
  16. @NinjaAnkit: This is awesome, you can go into more details.   I am a Windows and Ubuntu user and don't know about iOS development but I know about ci/cd. It is still difficult to understand but with the help of ChatGPT, I know many things. As I don't have a macOS (Laptop) could you kindly create a detailed video for Ubuntu/windows users or another method so we can also perform it? Thank you bro for this also.
  17. @dianadomoslavska9302: Thank you for this interesting information and the cool quality of the content!🤩👍
____
Дякую за цікаву інформацію та класну якість контенту!🤩👍
  18. @shurale85: Timofey, can u pls clarify how github runs jobs on macos? Is it real apple device or docker image? I could not find any images for macos in docker hub. We have own control version based on gitea and I am trying to implement ci cd on it
  19. @기린-g7p: .yml 편집하는 ide는 어떤건가요? 좋아보이네요
  20. @jacobiani-js: Tim Dolenko, do You know how to decrease logs that runner produce because it is too long imo

- DevOps CI/CD Explained in 100 Seconds: Kind: captions Language: en DevOps a set of practices to build test and release your code in small frequent steps one of the core practices of DevOps is continuous integration which has developers commit their code to a shared repository often on a daily basis each commit triggers an automated workflow on a CI server that can notify developers of any issues integrating their changes when a repo evolves in small steps like this it prevents what's known as merge Towel imagine Mary you're back and developer builds a new API for your product shortly after Jane your front-end developer starts work on a new UI a few months later when it comes time to merge their features we find that they're completely incompatible the build fails and we now have to spend a bunch of time and money resolving these conflicts let's go ahead and build a continuous integration pipeline now to see how it prevents issues like this here on github I have a node.js web app in order to deliver this out to my customers I need to run three commands test build and deploy I can automate this entire process in the cloud by using a CI service like github actions first I create a workflow and then I tell it to run on every push to the master branch the event triggers a job that runs on a Linux container in the cloud and we tell the container what to do as a series of steps first it checks out the code in this github repo then sets up nodejs installs my dependencies and runs my tests build and deploy commands now anytime we commit code to the master branch in this repo it will run this workflow if any of the steps fail the bad software won't be delivered to our customers and will automatically know there's an issue that needs to be addressed at the end of the day CI CD offers two main benefits it helps you automate things that would otherwise have to be done manually by developers that will increase your velocity but it also detects small problems early before they can grow into major disasters and that results in higher code quality this has been C ICD or DevOps in 100 seconds make sure to hit the like button if you want to see more short videos like this and stay tuned tomorrow for a full dead loss project using github actions thanks for watching and I will see you in the next one

  Top Comments:
  1. @thekollectormk1157 [1 likes]: CI CDeez nuts.
  2. @oskar1504 [1 likes]: the good old days
  3. @SamSpade2010 [1 likes]: Well, that's what CI is... uh...
  4. @dumbreptile1 [1 likes]: back when fireship used to be great
  5. @vze07 [1 likes]: i have a devops role interview tomorrow!
  6. @421sap [1 likes]: In the Lord Jesus' Name Amen ✝️
  7. @ITDefined: As someone who also trains students in DevOps and software development, I really enjoyed this explanation by Fireship. Breaking down CI/CD, GitHub Actions, and automation workflows in such a simple and engaging way is not easy. Content like this genuinely helps learners understand real-world DevOps concepts faster. Great explanation and presentation quality.
— Team IT Defined
  8. @PapaBinks: You mistook devops for ci/cd
  9. @BehindThe-Illusion: Mary and Jane??? Now I have seen everything... lol
  10. @ShY-f1f: Really appreciate the insights in this video.
  11. @goji5887: This is rudimentary CI + automated deployment, but DevOps is more than that
  12. @judaisbablu: You explained this so well, thank you!
  13. @PhúNguyễn-b9w: Awesome video, looking forward to the next one!
  14. @buzzLYTTIAB: I miss tutorial like this
  15. @eduardogallifa: I love these videos straight to the point, and using simple words. Keep it up bro
  16. @kriaabassem: Intéressant 🤩
  17. @qwerty6789x: Hello Seasoned network engineer here. i want to dabble into cloud but I'm confused where will i start or move the trajectory of my career.
  18. @UppalapatiSaiKrishnaVarma: Nice video!
  19. @UppalapatiSaiKrishnaVarma: Nice video!
  20. @DevOpsDavid: Love it!

- GitHub Actions Selfhosted Runners | easy devops tutorial ci/cd: Kind: captions Language: en in the modern world of software development continuous integration and continuous deployment are super important in short that's CI and CD and you might have heard the term before and you also might know some tools for that but I would say the most common tool for cicd is GitHub actions but have you ever thought of where the pipeline code is being executed in today's video we're going to take a closer look how we can self host our GitHub action Runner and actually own or control the hardware where our GitHub action is being executed hey I'm Marco and if you're new to my channel I'm a software developer with a focus on devops topics and it would make my day if you subscribe to my channel so why do you want to actually self-host the GitHub action Runner and not use the ones provided by GitHub a big topic is privacy and security so for example firewalls special software packages and whatsoever or you might need a custom build platform like Windows or Mac OS or you just need a huge machine with 100 GB of RAM and with that requirements you quickly come to the end of the GitHub action provided Runners by GitHub and so it makes sense for you to self host the runner but there's one thing you definitely should bear in mind so when you self-host your Runner you definitely should do that for private repositories and never ever do that for public repositories even if you're the only one contributing to the public repository it might be that someone is opening up a pull request and you have configured the GitHub action to run on pull requests and the code which wants to be merged in your repository contains malicious code and during the GitHub action process that code is being executed on your own controlled machine so it definitely makes sense to only use that for private repositories that's a thing you should definitely consider so first of all head over to GitHub and we have to create a new private repository so make sure to create a private repository I name that GitHub action test and set that to private I'll create the repository and next thing you should do is head over to settings go to the actions tab and click on the runners button and on the top right you can create a new selfhosted Runner and GitHub is providing you with all the needed information you need to know to install the runner on your machine you have different choices here you can run them on Mac OS with different uh with different architectures you can run them on Linux machines with also different architectures and as well on Windows machines so I'll go ahead and use the Linux machine and the x64 architecture and for that I need a Linux machine and in my case I'm just creating a quick digital ocean droplet here uh quite cheap one and if you want to try that as well I put a referral link down in the description below so you can try that out you will get $ free of credits for 60 days and um I'll also get a little commission but free of charge for you and I create the droplet here and during the time the droplet is being created I install them on my mecos machine the runner so you can see that it's working on different platforms as well in your GitHub action then so go back to me OS you can just copy the commands here so we'll create a folder then go into that folder and then we'll download the latest action Runner pack package we can validate the hash then if everything is all right and I get get an okay and then we can extract the installer after that is done we have to configure our runner on our Mac OS machine to communicate to the GitHub action repository and therefore we have to start the config script and connect it with our GitHub action repository so the authentication is running connected to GitHub the runner registration enter the name of the runner um I just press enter for default enter the name this is my MacBook Pro here um I can give different labels for example self hosted Mac OS or x uh 64 which are the defaults so I just press enter to skip and we have successfully added our runner I just press enter again to use the default work directory and the settings are now saved and now we have configured our runner and now we have to start it and then the the connection from our machine to our GitHub repository is being initiated so we are now connected to GitHub and our current Runner version is the 23141 and our runner is waiting for jobs to be executed so let's quickly refresh the page and see if our runner is running and we have the connection to our MacBook Pro here and in the meantime our droplet was started and we can do the exact same thing on the Linux machine to have a Working Connection here and easy as that we have two working runners in our repository so in order to now use the selfhosted GitHub action Runners we need to write our own GitHub actions file and say that we want to use our self hosted Runners and that is actually quite easy to do so we go back to the repository and we'll just go to the actions tab and we will create a simple workflow and start with the template here and the only thing we have to change now or to adapt is the runs on line so we just have to type self minus hosted and easy as that our selfhosted Runners are being used for the GitHub actions pipeline so I commit the changes here uh blank. yml and because the default is just uh to being to be executed on push I'll just go back to the actions TP and we see that we have a new commit here uh the create blank and uh the build file is being executed and the setup job there we can see that the runner name Marcus MacBook Pro was chosen and the connection did work so let's check the build output here so the on line script hello world and run a multi L script uh and another action step to build here and easyest that our code is being executed on our own machines let's check the console log of our uh MacBook here and we see that we have a running job which has the name build and the job build completed with the results succeeded and now in order to not use the MacBook Pro here as our build pipeline we have to change a label in our uh GitHub actions file so go back to the actions file click the edit button so edit this file in place and the runs on uh will change that from selfhosted to Linux because when you go back into the console of the Linux machine you can see that the label is uh Linux but with a capital capital capital L so I'll just change that commit my changes and we go back to the actions tab we see the new uh action is being triggered here and let's check the logs the job is being started and the runner which was chosen was the yuntu uh virtual server on digital ocean so what you can do now is to install any special packages on your server which you need in your pipeline for example Docker or nodejs or whatsoever whatever you need to build your code or to run your tests or to run any thing in your GitHub action pipeline um that's very cool that's super nice and super easy so you're now in control of Your Action Pipeline and you guys can let me know in the comments if you have ever thought about running your deployment pipelines in your own on your own hardware and not on the GitHub Action Hardware which is provided by you with some limits and once again I would be more than happy if you subscribe to my channel and catch you guys in the next one bye-bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @LifeHappy- [15 likes]: Marco, I don't need a video on how to read GitHub docs. 
You ran ./run.sh with your user and you haven't mentioned that once you close terminal the runner goes offline... meaning that this video is beta AF and useless.
Where are the good practices? Where is the ./run.sh install [username], where is the sudo ./svc.sh start... I actually expected a lot more.
This video is on same level as an Indian infant making a java tutorial about http/Spring Boot server, where he puts all of his code in one file....
  2. @CarstenSchlegel-k8e [3 likes]: Easy to understand, works straight away. Finally something that works straight away and doesn't return any errors. Thanks for the short introduction.
  3. @jamesadamar5282 [2 likes]: Brilliant!
  4. @buildfromzero [1 likes]: How rub it in background? Without invoking run sh
  5. @edwintellez6439 [1 likes]: can a runner have more than one repo registered? I dont want to set a runner for a whole organization
  6. @PravallikaSolleti [1 likes]: It is very helpful for beginners...
  7. @techwithmarco: Want some more GitHub Actions action?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0BNwAEwYZlA
  8. @ailerrmarquez: Yeah, self-hosting GitHub Action runners is one of those “nice to control everything” moves. I’ve tried it on a Linux droplet before—way faster for heavy builds than the shared GitHub runners. You could even spin up something tiny on tiiny host for testing, then scale to a bigger VPS or DigitalOcean droplet when you need Docker or 100 GB RAM. The catch? Always stick to private repos—public PRs running arbitrary code on your machine is basically an open invite for chaos.
  9. @xiFreakzx: Top, danke dir Marco!=)
  10. @johnsaxxon: A year old video and still helping! Thank you! :)
  11. @equilibrium-tech: thanks man!
  12. @kiranbakale8207: On self hosted ec2 instance i had a doubt whether github actions  supports running multiples pipelines once without queueing tried searching did not get any concrete answer
  13. @bosoMT: ✅subscribed :) 🔔
  14. @_Username__: need to do it the docker way, cannot find their runner image
  15. @novaardiansyah6254: Thank you, even though I watched your video a year late, it was still very helpful to me.
  16. @mr_hassanali: Great.
  17. @IgorPomaranskiy: Great video, thanks!
  18. @mikael_menace: thanks man
  19. @melonflux8972: Awesome!
  20. @abolethslayer117: Loved it. Thank you so much!!!!

- Why Bitrise? - Fully hosted CI/CD and Mobile DevOps platform: Kind: captions Language: en building and deploying mobile apps can be complex and time consuming but with bitrise you can streamline your mobile devops processes and focus on delivering great experiences to your users bitrise's optimize infrastructure and automation processes result in Faster build times this means you can test and iterate faster and get your app to Market sooner with bitrise you can deploy your app more frequently ensuring you can quickly deliver new features and updates to your users bitrise's automated testing and real-time error reporting helps identify and fix issues before they reach your users resulting in improved app stability bit Rises Cloud infrastructure and pay-as-you-go model allows you to optimize your mobile devops spend ensuring you get the most value for your investment bitrise's mobile devops processes are tried and tested by top companies and have been refined to provide the most efficient workflows for mobile app development and deployment start building and deploying with bitrise and take your mobile devops to the next level

- CI/CD Tutorial using GitHub Actions - Automated Testing & Automated Deployments: Kind: captions Language: en-GB nine out of ten people hate this developer. The one that doesn't automate anything. And if you're watching this, the likelihood is that you're that developer. So how can you automate your deployments so that you never have to deal with another deployment error ever again? CI/CD, or continuous integration and continuous delivery is the practice of automating the manual tasks that us mere mortals usually have to do when we're deploying our code to production. Things like compiling our code, or running tests or uploading our code to our cloud infrastructure. Automating things not only helps to save a lot of time, it also removes the possibility of human error causing your entire system to burn to the ground. There are a bunch of tools out there that can help you get started with CI/CD, and I've used a few of them. All of them are great at what they do. However, in this video we're going to be focusing specifically on GitHub Actions. Let's get started. Ultimately, all you need to get started is a GitHub Repository. If you don't have one, I'm going to leave a link in the description below to the one I'm using for this video. At the top of your repository page, you should see the “Actions” tab. Once you have some automations running on your repository, this is where you can keep track of the logs for each workflow every time they are run. When it's running, we can see the progress of each step in the GitHub Actions workflow. So if the workflow fails during some tests we know that the code is broken and therefore we don't want to deploy it to our server. If the workflow is successful, we're going to see a big green checkmark telling us that everything is working within our code base. One of the great things that developers really like about GitHub Actions is that it comes with a bunch of different templates that you can use to easily run specific actions. However, for this video, we're going to create our own from scratch. To do this, you can create a new Yaml file inside of the GitHub workflows directory of your project. We're going to give our workflow a name and create our trigger, which is going to tell GitHub Actions when we want to run our workflow. You can run workflows using a variety of triggers. For example, every time we push code to our main branch, we might want to deploy it to our production server automatically so that we don't have to do it ourselves. Or every time we create a new pull request, we might want to test the code to make sure that everything is working before we merge that code into our main branch. These are actually the two examples that we're going to build today. There's a huge list of different triggers that you can use within GitHub Actions. So if you want to find out more about them, I'd recommend visiting this page on the GitHub documentation. Anyway, because this workflow is going to be used to test our code, we're going to run it every time a pull request to the main branch is created. So let's say I've got this really cool feature that I want to merge into my main branch. I'd create a pull request which would trigger this workflow. Next, we can create a list of jobs that we want to include in our workflow. We're going to call our job “test” and then we're going to define the operating system that we want the job to run on. There are other options that you can use. But realistically, Ubuntu is the most common one that people will use within GitHub Actions. And we're going to use a Node.js container because in this example we're using Node.js for our project. That will automatically install Node.js for us so that we don't have to do it manually through the command line using Ubuntu. It just saves a bit of time. The first step is going to be adding our code to our virtual environments using the checkout action. Now I want you to have a think about the steps that you would take if you were testing your code manually. Firstly, you’d want to make sure that all of your dependencies have been installed for your project. We can do this by running “npm ci” which is going to run a clean install. Once your dependencies have been installed, you can run your tests using whatever library you're using in your project. I tend to use Jest when I'm working with a JavaScript project. And then finally I'm going to run the build script, which is going to compile our project. We can commit this code to our repository. And then I'm going to create an example pull request for this really cool feature that I've just built. As you can see, the GitHub Actions workflow is going to spin up a virtual environment, run our tests and then confirm that our code is working as expected. So automatically, I know the code is working without having to pull the pull request onto my local machine and then running the test manually. Now that we know that our code is going to be working, when we merge it into the main branch, we want to figure out how we can use GitHub Actions to automatically deploy our code to our production infrastructure. This is the continuous delivery or CD part of the process. If we weren't automating anything, your deployment process may look a little like this. First I'm going to run “git pull” to get the latest version of my code from our repository. Then I'm going to run “git checkout” to make sure that I'm in my main branch. Run “npm install”, “npm run build”, and then deploy my code to the server using this long command, which I might get wrong. Oh, and then ssh into the server to install the dependencies and restart the Node.js process. Okay, as you can see, this took a long time and it was pretty complicated for such a small project. So let's automate this. We're going to create another Yaml file inside of our GitHub workflows directory, which is going to be triggered every time some code gets pushed to our main branch. Inside of this workflow, we're going to run a job which is going to build our project and then deploy it to our server. Like we did with our testing workflow, we're going to run our job on Ubuntu, checkout the code and install Node.js. We're going to run “npm ci” to do a clean install of the project's dependencies, and then run the build script. Once the build is completed, we're going to deploy our code using SCP, which is going to upload all of our files to the server. Because access to our server is protected using SSH keys, we need to take an SSH key that has access to our server and add the content of it to our GitHub Actions secrets. This is where you can store sensitive credentials that need to be used within your GitHub Actions, but can't be stored within your repository for security reasons. For example your Stripe or OpenAI keys. You wouldn't want to put them in your repository. I've also added the address of the server that we're going to be deploying our code to, as well as the username that I have on the server. We can then access our secrets within our GitHub Actions workflow and add our SSH key to our virtual environment. Now we can upload our files to our server using SCP in the exact same way that we would have done it using the command line. The final step in our deployment process is to SSH enter the server, install the dependencies, and then restart the Node.js process. In this case I'm using PM2 to manage the Node.js process. You can test your workflow using Act which allows you to run GitHub Action scripts offline. To do this, you need to have Docker running on your local machine as well as create a “.secrets” file within your project directory. That secrets file is then going to be used to replace what would be GitHub Actions secrets. So make sure you don't actually put your deployment secrets in that file. You need to put some test ones in that you're maybe deploying to different infrastructure. Because you wouldn't want to run a test on actual production infrastructure. You can then run the “act” command to test your workflow and make sure that everything is working correctly. Once you're happy with your workflow, you can publish it to your GitHub repository. Now, if we merge that super cool feature that we were testing earlier, you can see that we've triggered this automated workflow which is going to deploy our code to our production server. So now you can say that you understand CI/CD. If you learned something in today's video, please do leave a like down below and subscribe for more coding videos.

  Top Comments:
  1. @duongphuhiep [4 likes]: Each time I zoom to read the codes more closely, your face popped up whole screen!
  2. @AnonymousUser-w8d [2 likes]: My mother asked me if I was talking to a friend on VC after seeing this. The guy literally came off my screen. 💀
  3. @dm-asdasdjpodw [1 likes]: Blink, please blink.
  4. @alicandonmez6748 [1 likes]: good video! helpful mate
  5. @DM-py7pj [1 likes]: Higher zoom would have made code more legible
  6. @logicboard7746 [1 likes]: short, and sweet :-) to the point
  7. @Robert-z9x [1 likes]: This would have been a great video, if you would have slowed it down a bit.
  8. @pun9052 [1 likes]: 9 out of 10 doctors reccomend blinking
  9. @Bob-sl2ed [1 likes]: Respect to you and your mission. Fly high!
  10. @Bob-sl2ed [1 likes]: Many thanks for fantastic explanation. I just disliked some empty video on the same topic. Yours is very helpful.
  11. @a_human_being_yes [1 likes]: Thank you for the tutorial. it was easy to understand
  12. @AsimKhan-o4k8b: amazing job!!
  13. @ahmadwett5142: i like it. nice
  14. @erickarevalo7099: Great explanation! Just another random advice: when showing the editor or the command line please zoom in the text so it could be easier to see it, primarly if you are watching it on mobile or picture-in-picture. :)
  15. @thetazlord: Solo Developer: 😆
  16. @hellboy6167: wtf
  17. @nikkifremming6151: Tom thank you so much for this video! I really appreciated how clear and concise it was. I did have some trouble at the secrets -> actions bit because I was unsure of what exactly to put in the SSH box, then how to go from there. I'm setting up CI/CD for a very simple project and have never done it before, would appreciate any further tips!
  18. @NGENTINA: Is it separated CI and CD
  19. @pius_xo: yo amnot a developer but then you were fast 
Great job anyway
  20. @CanadaSadPanda: you blink -- you workflow fails

- iPhone SE scratch test - heavy machines: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] Hey, what's up guys? Steen here. Welcome to a quick scratch test on the iPhone SE. So, the smartphone already looks a little bit wasted from our other tests. You will find a link to them down below in description. So, make sure you check them out. And now, I would say let's get directly started. Let's start to scratch it and let's see how tough the iPhone SE really is. Okay, guys. So let's get started. Let's try with something which happens in our daily life and that are actually car keys. So you have them in your pocket with your smartphone and let's see how robust um the iPhone SE really is. So there we go. So here's my car key and scratching the back side. As you can see now there's already a huge scratch. So um the aluminum here on the back side um this is not so super scratch resistant. So well the aluminum body so the back side is very easy to scratch. You can easily do that with your car key. But now let's try um to scratch the top and the bottom plate. And due to the antenna reception, they're actually made out of some kind of plastic material of some kind of cheap glass, plastic glass. And you really glide over the surface. So getting scratches here on the top and bottom side. So those plates is almost impossible or after um a long period of using the smartphone. Okay, then let's get started here with the display. So the glass and the glass um it's very very scratch resistant. So here with the car key, um it's not too sharp. I can't really scratch it. So that seems to be very good. I'm just gliding over the surface. Doesn't matter how much pressure I apply here with the car key. Then now let's come to the next tool. So this one here is just a sharp knife, a normal kitchen knife. Nothing special, but it's way sharper here than the car key. And I now have here the iPhone. So the aluminum backside. And we can scratch this here. And as you can see, um a lot of scratches on there, just like with the car key. Now if you try to scratch the display right over here. Um no scratches. So I'm just gliding over the surface. But um we'll try it with sandpaper later because this is um yeah something which is um more common because you also have in your pocket a lot of dust particles and dirt and they are scratching the display if you don't have a screen protector. But with the knife I'm just gliding over the surface and not really much is going to happen. But the plastic here on the back side it's basically the same. So you just glide over there and um non-visible scratches on there. Now let's come to the next thing. So sandpaper and this is actually um the best test to test how scratch resistant the iPhone is. And I have here some normal sandpaper. Um this one here is a really rough one. And let's try to sand the backside. So there we go. I'll now put the smartphone here on the table. And yeah, let's try to sand it, guys. There we go. And um this already sounds pretty terrible, but there we go. So we have a couple of visible scratches on there. And yeah, um they are um permanent, so can't be removed. And with sandpaper, it's absolutely easy to scratch here the aluminum backside. But let's now try it here with the glass front. Now, there we go. So here we have the rough sandpaper. Let's try to sand here the glass front. And there we go. So all right. So, I can already see massive scratches. So, um, regarding sandpaper and dirt particles in your pocket, it's not really super scratch resistant. I hope that you can see that, too. But this is, this guys is really permanent and um, yeah, really a lot of visible scratches on there. So, not some super scratch resistant like other smartphones I have. Now, here's the last test, guys. So, we have here our scratch testing machine. And I would say let's get directly started. Let's switch it on and let's see um how many scratches we get um with the machine here on the front and on the back side. So, um there we go. That's the correct button. Um yeah, first of all, here the aluminum backside. And yeah, that's some nice sound. Oh yeah, guys, that feels pretty good. And I'm pretty sure we have a lot of scratches now on the back side. And yeah, as you can see, lot of those micro scratches everywhere. So here a lot of them and the aluminum is actually really easy to scratch. So with car keys or anything like that you can easily get scratches on there and even with sandpaper then total the structure. So make sure you get yourself some kind of case. Then here also the lens. So for instance the plastic here. And there we go. So now the plastic looks quite good. Can't really see any scratches on there. So now let's try to scratch the front side. And there we go. So here we have the glass front. And yeah, doesn't sound so bad at all. It's more like polishing the front because yeah, that kind of glass here. It's really um just gliding over it. And so let's switch up the display. And we just have a couple of scratches here from the earlier scratch test. So nothing um yeah, terrible. But now let's try it a little bit faster. And there we go. Okay, that looks a little bit better. [Applause] Okay, so guys, we're now here at the end of the scratch test video. And so far, yeah, the rear side can be easily scratched with sharp tools, so keep your keys out of the pocket. Yes, Siri, I know. Um, and the front side is a little bit more scratch resistant, so you're really gliding over the surface, but um, with sandpaper, something like that. So, rough um, surfaces, it's easy to scratch. So, what we recommend is get a screen protector. Now, um, iPhone 5 accessories are 100% compatible. Like the only difference is for instance here, the dual LED flash, which is maybe a little bit different, but well, um, the cutouts from the cases are usually um, yeah, the same. So, it should perfectly fit. We have iPhone 5 cases, iPhone 5S cases, and they fit perfectly nicely on the iPhone SE. So, get yourself some protection. You can find pretty cheap cases and screen protectors online. And so far, um yeah, the front quite scratch resistant. Um yeah, um if you don't sand it, and the rear side can be easily scratched. So, yeah, thanks for watching this. And there are more, um iPhone SE videos on our channel, so make sure to check them out. Links are down below in the description. Thanks for watching. Yeah. Um, if this video was helpful, please leave a like and subscribe. And see you very soon in the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @dfs4s5d4f [2 likes]: you forgot the last one, the faster one..
  2. @kadiyome175 [1 likes]: tf thing is a fake . iphone se doesnt have fcc logos
  3. @iphone5s947: I hope it's broken because it my worst enemy, Logan gamez said something bad about me ,He said iPhone 5S I'm upgrading to your worst enemy the iPhone SE😛 ,You can destroy that iPhone SE
  4. @reneramirez4112: The back isnt plastic, it's glass
  5. @TheArtsentertainment: has probado de hacerte todo eso en las pelotas?, es que es un puto telefono, basta de tanto tontería y de romper teléfonos que para su fabricación cuesta vidas de personas, unos de los minerales principales que tienen todos los sistemas nuevos eléctricos se extrae del congo, y para su extracción como son solo los pequeños que pueden hacerlo, estos son violados y hasta mutilados si se niegan a hacerlo, y vosotros os pasáis rompiendo teléfonos, cuanto imbécil suelto hay en el planeta.
  6. @tylerschmidt3248: Yo I want an iphone
  7. @Kay-wh7qy: hi I really need an iphoneSE
  8. @kkendrasmithh: I loved the iPhone 5s. Idk why I even got the 6. I'm really looking forward to having one of these one day.
  9. @TRYHARDRACCOON: Hey iPhone 6s
  10. @appleappsmore8323: Could you give me one of your phones after you scratchy please I'd love to one have  iPhone se
  11. @janosn1491: when are you giving this iPhone away?
random comment
  12. @xXOmegaXxPlays: "Sir face"
  13. @owenchungsweekit: I love Raptor
  14. @WorldRacer: Hello
  15. @MatthewWalldorf: suh dude
  16. @gingerdude94: hate apple so I enjoyed it
  17. @0xValli: Good vid keep going
  18. @ilhameffendi5355: user iphone 4 "oh god why?"
  19. @berry5105: Should try to scratch the Touch ID button
  20. @jbakels6551: another random comment for the giveaway ;-)

- Why New Smartphone Cameras Feel Worse: Kind: captions Language: en Alright, so I decided to try something. I broke out every single iPhone generation from 1 to 17... and took the same picture with every single one of them, back to back. And the results... were super interesting. I did this with a couple of different phones in a couple different scenarios... And what ended up surprising me and quite a few other people... is it doesn't always look like the latest generation is always physically far and away the best... And I'll tell you why. See, for years, smartphone cameras have been focused on getting... better and better for regular photos, right? Because they were bad. Of course, when it first started, the first iPhone camera was almost an afterthought. It was this little pinhole 2-megapixel webcam type of thing. No autofocus, no video recording, didn't even have a selfie camera. But as people and culture... valued the ability to take quick, high quality pictures and videos more and more, you—we of course see the cameras improving drastically on the back of our phones year over year. It would be a legitimate selling point that a camera on a new generation of phone is way better than the year before. And so this continued as phones got bigger and better and cameras got a bit bigger and better, until... right around the 2010s, phones did eventually stop getting... way bigger. And camera bumps of course still grew. But now at this point, we're basically maxing out how much phone you can carry in your pocket. Like there's basically no more room left in here. It's physics. So the dramatic improvements were getting less dramatic. See these two photos? pretty similar, right? Without zooming in and pixel peeping, they almost look like they could be taken with the same phone, just with a little contrast curve saturation bumped a little bit. This one was taken with the iPhone 17 and this one... was taken with the iPhone 11. Now of course, if you pixel peep, there are some more nuanced small differences. Like if you're a photographer, you probably already quickly noticed that the s- 17 has a larger sensor. That's why the background's a little bit more blurred while the 11 has more in focus. But generally, for most people, they both look fine. And basically any phone from the past five years can take a perfectly usable photo... in broad daylight. Perfect ideal conditions like this. So now what they're more focused on is getting better around the edges... Like the more difficult shooting scenarios, low light, super fast moving subjects, deep zoom. Like these edge cases are where you can still see a bigger difference between a good and bad smartphone camera. So you can start to see where this is going, Basically any phone these days can take a good enough quality photo in good lighting conditions, no matter what the price. That doesn't separate them anymore. So the real separation between a good and a bad smartphone camera... comes when the user throws the absolute worst possible conditions at it. So something like this photo right here, This. To an untrained eye this might look like a pretty normal photo, which it should. But if there's a photographer in the room watching this video over your shoulder, then you- they've probably already pointed out that this scene is... literally entirely backlit. And that smartphone, which happens to be a Pixel 10, is doing a ton... of clever computational photography, multi-frame HDR, tone mapping and exposure adjustment and face detection... It's making sure... somehow you can see my face... and the black hoodie that I'm wearing and the blue sky behind me in one shot, which is actually insane. For some perspective, here's the same shot with... a Nexus 4, which was before the days of smart HDR coming along. So that's how terrible the scene is supposed to look. It's like one of those self-correcting basketball hoops. That Stuff Made Here made, the YouTuber, where no matter where you throw the ball, it goes in the hoop. That is what a modern smartphone camera has turned into. No matter what you point the camera at, you'll get a good picture. It refuses to spit out a bad one. To the point where you think there's no way your skills could be that bad because you never miss. But this is where it started to get... weird... I think... that in pursuit of this perfect photo-taking machine where you can't miss no matter how insane the situation is, it's actually... started to make regular... daylight photos slightly worse. You've probably noticed the over-processed look before. We've probably seen it here and there. Some brands are more guilty of it than others. It's a little bit hard to articulate what what it is, but I think in general, the more likely a brand or a phone camera is to throw... every trick in the book to try to save a photo. The more likely they are to throw all of those same tricks at a regular photo... that doesn't really need it... kind of messes it up a little bit. See here, this is the progression of every Samsung Galaxy S ever taking the same photo from S1 to S2, S3, S4, S5 all the way to today. And yes, they did skip S10 to S20 to line up with the year, but you can specifically around the Galaxy S8 when the window behind me is blown out but then with the introduction of multi-frame HDR with the S9, suddenly you can see the blue sky and everything else is preserved. Then keep going. S10, S20, S21, S22, all the way to today's phone, the S26. And... I... I.... don't... I don't like this photo anymore. Like this is the exact over-processed look I'm talking about... Yes, you can see more than ever outside the window, in the building, in the sky outside, but there's also this kind of a haloing around the window and the plant next to the window now. And yes, you can see more details than ever in my face, but my face is not actually that light. So spin back to the Galaxy S23... And I don't think I'm the only one who prefers this older and maybe slightly worse photo because it just looks a little more natural... There's a little less shadow detail and a little less HDR, but there's also less haloing and less unnatural glowing and flatness and it just overall looks better. And I'm not the only one who thinks this. Look at the comments on the Short that I published with all these photos in them. A lot of other people feel that way too. So this is now the balancing act of tuning one of these cameras. I think a lot of these companies, they already know, you know, they pull a lot of these tricks, the tone mapping, the multi-frame HDR, the face detection, the exposure adjustments. And they know that that stuff in excess can look kind of weird on a regular photo. So it's all about knowing when to turn it up and when to turn it down. If you need all that stuff to save a bad situation, then turn it up. But if you don't need it, turn it down. Really the easiest way to appreciate this... Every... modern smartphone camera has this gap between... what you see in the viewfinder as you're about to take the photo and, and then once you take the photo... and then it processes and then that new-looking photo. some take longer than others to process, but you can always see it snap into place. And the more difficult the shooting scenario, the more dramatic snap. That is the post-processing that we're talking about here. So look, if the iPhone 11 has more natural color than the iPhone 17 and the Galaxy S23... looks better in a lot of ways than the S26, then we know that some more tuning... is definitely still needed. There are some really good apps on these phones that will let you turn down the post-processing or even try to turn it completely off. I'll link some good ones below... Sometimes it works, sometimes it's a little bit more difficult, but you can try it if you want. Also, I'll link all the Shorts down below where you can watch all of the generations of every smartphone through every single photo because they're fun too. Thanks for watching. Catch you in the next one. Peace.

  Top Comments:
  1. @IGCSEngB: 3:30 i liked the basketball example as i find it to be interesting!
  2. @944play: Nexus 4 was my first Google phone.  Only $299, and it was amazing...
  3. @contdft97: A melhor câmera foi do iPhone 13 pro Max.
  4. @BoBi_85: I noticed this problem a long time ago. When I switched from the Note 8 to the S21, I noticed that greens had a strange, artificial tint. Most photos started looking strangely artificial: strong colors, excessive sharpness, etc.
  5. @quilla.b: how about sony xperia
  6. @silent_sidee: Мой пиксель 6а снимал лучше чем мои будущие 8 про и айфон 16 про Макс. 
Да на новых зум и видео  были лучше, но фотки на пикселе 6 были душевнее и качественнее, будто алгоритмы не были настолько неадекватными
  7. @arig2: Fascinating
  8. @sro_photography: The processing in the iphones is much to strong... there is blue sky where actually wasn't... and so on... Take a real Cam an have fun !
  9. @A-S-heep: My google Pixel 8 is a small and snappy MF with a nice camera. If I could I would use this forever. I just switched to it because my Pixel 5 wasn't supported anymore, though :///
  10. @alfartoviy8884: Или может в новых смартфонах дешевые камеры ставят?
  11. @dr.bribin_bright: Option to turn off postprocessing
  12. @teznick: My iPhone 11 stonks just went up 🤭
  13. @Brayden_nussbaum: Real ones shoot raw
  14. @Ritwiksingh107: people love fake than real nowadays
  15. @ИльяПапкович: Создай нормальную звуковую дорожку к своим видео и просмотры пойдут вверх. Сейчас дорожка на русском очень кривая
  16. @melo12342: Yeah
  17. @primev1382: iPhone isn't even top 3 in photos but top 1 in videography
  18. @esoghumedominic13: That first picture of you. I actually  thought iphone 11 picture  was newer phone as it looks better  😅 🤔
  19. @Krossr05: 3:58 I think that’s what people wants everyone near me who has an iPhone 17 or above want the extra sharp image.
  20. @yeahman70: I have definitely noticed this. I upgraded from my iPhone 11 Pro to the 16 Pro last year, and since then I’ve noticed how photos just don’t seem to look right anymore. Weird smoothening of photos, less natural looking, they just don’t feel as natural as photos I took on the 11 Pro

- iPhone 3D Scanning vs Professional 3D Scanner: Kind: captions Language: en i do a lot of design work in the computer which is pretty straightforward when you're building something entirely from scratch but if you're building around an existing structure it's really helpful to have a 3d scanner it's also nice if you're shoving an engine into something new and different which is the thing normal people do all the time i'm assuming you can do it the hard way with a tape measure and lots of patience but things like engines and vehicles have so much detail you don't always need all of that detail but you don't want to forget to cad something and then design a frame tube right through it here's the problem 3d scanners currently fall into two categories the consumer versions which are just kind of toys and the professional versions which are amazing but are really expensive there are a few consumer choices around the 300 range and then there's a big gap up for the professional range there's also iphones and ipads which are a bit more expensive than 300 but they do come with a free calculator i own a couple of the cheap kind and i got a chance to borrow one of the professional ones so are the professional scanners really worth the price jump there are a lot of 3d scanners out there that promise amazing results for not very much money i talked about a couple of these solutions in a previous video the truth is that the results are not really that amazing i have the intel l515 which does a decent job at scanning large things like a car and the revo point pop scanner which does an okay job at scanning smaller things but they both have pretty serious limitations and there are things that neither of them will scan at all i have used professional scanners before that's why you see the white powder and targets on old pictures of my honda but it's been a few years so i wanted to see how much better things have gotten i got my hands on an einscan hx this scanner is north of ten thousand dollars so it's slightly more expensive than the other two [Music] i talked about both my scanners in a previous video both of them are good at scanning a few very specific things but there are a lot of things that neither of them will do at all like the door cards from my jag these are pretty challenging there's not much in the way of features they're black and they're basically flat scanners have a hard time with these things the iron scan had a bit of trouble but with targets and some white powder spray it got everything i needed with just a little bit of patience the revo point has trouble with shiny things and dark things the intel won't scan in sunlight but the iron scan will pick up most things albeit with a little bit of foot powder sprayed on what about a motorcycle engine this is right in the advertised range of all these scanners it has plenty of features and i got a nice coat of powder on it so it should be scannable with all of these scanners and my iphone the intel didn't do well at this though that has something to do with the size of my garage you have to be decently far away from the object you're scanning and you can't scan outside in the sunlight because the infrared will throw off the scanner i know it will do it because i use this scanner on the tesla motor and subframe that went into the jag it's not great at getting details like bolt holes but it will get data that is usable the revo point is good at getting details but it was really hard to get the entire engine usually it would get about a third of the way and then lose tracking and ruin the scan so you have to start over the newer iphone comes with a lidar sensor on the back for augmented reality stuff and another one on the front is a biometric security to scan your face the rear lidar works great for tracking but the resolution is horrendous it can't even pick up something like the oil filter with any accuracy it looks like a scoop of ice cream the thing is good at scanning an entire vehicle especially if you don't need small details i'm gonna do an aerodynamic analysis on my car and i'm definitely gonna get the 3d data with the rear lidar on my phone because it will be so much easier and the data will be good enough for a full vehicle cfd analysis the front lidar gets better resolution but the tracking is a lot harder this problem is further exacerbated by the fact you can't see the screen while you're scanning because you're facing the screen at the same time you're scanning there is a workaround for this and that is to use an external monitor i happen to have one for making these videos so i just used my iphone to hdmi adapter and then ran a cable to the small screen then i can read the warnings that the app is giving me about losing its position or being too close or too far away you could probably also airplay your iphone to a tv or laptop and not have to buy a separate screen it's really hard to scan around corners without losing your position this is true for every type of scanner this happens because you lose all your tracking points you can sort of trick this by using something like the edge of a desk to help ease the transition i used a few different apps for this i like hedges and scandi pro the data from the front sensor is good but you have to scan very slowly you also have to make sure to go over the important areas carefully the scans will pick up background surfaces without much confidence so you end up with lots of garbage data if you're not careful some of you are wondering about using the camera on your phone and not the lidar this is called photogram photogrammet frodo grammar tree the problem with this approach is that it's hard to scale these things correctly and if you're only off by two or three percent all your important geometry might be too far off for your use case it definitely is for mine tracking on this thing is way better this might be its biggest advantage it got the scans the first time and i didn't have to move impossibly slowly it's way less likely to lose its position and screw up the scan you can stop and then start again and it will pick up where it left off doing this is easy because it has the pause button right on the scanner i stopped partway through this scan and flipped the engine over to the other side and it picked up where it left off no problem the cheap ones have trouble just moving along one surface and then when they lose tracking they will often assume it's somewhere else and just start adding scan to the old scans so you get this overlapping mesh and it just ruins your whole scan this was a problem while scanning the whole jag i had to do it several times to get large sections and then i still had to stitch the scans together to get the whole car the software for this is not great the einscan software will also automatically line up existing scans and i found it to be way better at this than any of the cheap or free software the software is all around much better on the ion scan easier to use more intuitive the revo point software gets the job done but it's not easy and the english translations are sometimes so bad that i don't even know what it's trying to tell me i believe this is asking me if i want the mesh to be open or closed watertight einscan asks the same thing much more clearly there's also an audible alarm on the einscan software that lets you know if you've lost your tracking so you don't have to keep looking back and forth between your scanning and your computer it's also good at getting very small details while also being able to pick up the whole engine it was easier to use with targets these are little reflective dots that help the scanner know where it's at there's somewhat of a pain to put everywhere and the price adds up but i'd happily do it again for a good scan it is just better in every way than the other two scanners and it better be because it cost about 30 times as much if you're running an engineering office this is a no-brainer the other scanners are basically toys you're going to spend more on your engineer's salary while they're messing around with poor software and mediocre scans but if you're a garage tinkerer building the occasional electric swapped jag the quality just doesn't justify the price jump even for someone like me who designs most things in the computer the iron scan has amazing detail but i don't actually need that detail in fact the first thing i did after i got a scan of the engine was to simplify it and get rid of a ton of that detail if you load all that detail into a cad program it runs super slow so a lot of times you don't even want that data i need accurate measurements on about six parts of this engine the mounting points the sprocket location maybe the intake and exhaust geometry the easiest way to do this is to get a decent scan and then go back with a pair of calipers and manually cad all the detailed parts a professional scanner would make this easier but the price increase is just so significant that it doesn't make sense for someone working in their garage i wish there was a middle ground and i am kind of surprised that there's still such a big price difference between the consumer grade scanners and the professional ones if that gap was narrower i might actually spend over a thousand dollars on a good professional scanner but that's a far stretch from where they're at now going forward i will probably end up using my intel l515 for most of my scans i might use my iphone for whole car scans and perhaps the front-facing iphone lidar for smaller details but if i didn't have an iphone i'd probably just use the intel for everything and then just supplement the details with a pair of calipers and some patients when i started making these videos i was using a real camera but the phone cameras are so good now that i mostly just use my phone fingers crossed that the lidar technology on cameras improves to make them good enough to replace actual scanners i really think the price difference is mostly from economy of scale there's just not that many people who need detailed 3d scans which is why this video will get eight views and why i should be focusing my time on building giant t-shirt canons but google and apple are working hard on augmented reality and that might be the forcing function that makes the phone scanning great for now is the einscan hx 30 times better than a phone yeah is it worth the cost not if you don't need that kind of detail and if you're anything like me you probably don't what will i build next i don't know i do know actually it's right in there but if you want to find out hit that subscribe button and follow along be sure to like and share and all that other stuff and i'll see you next time [Applause] you

  Top Comments:
  1. @dimeloloco [1 likes]: those einscans aren’t professional scanners. Those are prosumer. Professional scanners tend to be tens of thousands of dollars and aren’t sold on Amazon. They require professional accuracy reports and calibrations every few years because any error that can’t be tracked and managed is a potential multi-million dollar liability in missed tolerances by the manufacturers that rely on them to create complex parts. If your scanner can barely compete with the “accuracy” of an iphone, then it’s not professional.
  2. @AravAgnihotri-k3w [1 likes]: I want to scan a body? What platform should I use?
  3. @RCS117 [1 likes]: Im watching this for the first time realizing that the Apple Vision Pro should have a 3d scanner built in... talk about the killer app. just walk around what you want in 3d and say "hey, stupid. scan this." honestly, I don't think I have seen anything else out there that made me have that thought before.
  4. @MrAndrew3048: 2:29 came into this as a person with a 3D scanner in 2026 expecting not much had changed.  I used a 3D scanner at the same price point as the EinScan back in 2021 for work and it was slow but I thought that was just due to my workflow.  The revopoint Metro Y Pro is a good bit faster.  Now the main sticking point is color scanning (only works on turntable mode, hates black)
I think the future state of the art is a wireless scanner on WiFi 6e/7 that automatically acquires photogrammetric data to resolve color scanning data in a relatively slow and computationally expensive render pass after meshing scan data.  That and IR scanning data (like with the iPhone lidar) would help distinguish feature boundaries a lot better than colorless scanned bodies.  This combined with algorithmic feature recognition and we could at some point have a consumer scanner that could make a half decent .step file out of a real world shape.
  5. @JR_stunts: Great video!
  6. @itisinickt: fucking rich people.  buy a new screen instead of use a mirror? wow
  7. @haleym16: Revo point watched this video and really took notes 😂
  8. @BinaryClay: Would be grest with an updated video now that we have scanners like Einstar Rockit and Revopoint Metro Y Pro as alternatives to the VERY expensive models.
  9. @AbhishekSivaraman: is the iphone 17 pro max better
  10. @glennsowieso2199: nearly a million views more than he expacted
  11. @sairasky: we NEED a refrech on this
  12. @tusharkantapatel7205: What app are you using in iphone
  13. @cwbh10: They actually made the rear facing lidar worse after the iphone 13 pro :/
  14. @ComanderCool909: For the record, this is infinitely more useful than a giant tshirt cannon, unless you have a giant that you need to dress a really long way away... then I guess you might be pipped.
  15. @nelsonpenadavila6248: Van más que 8 vistas
  16. @klazzera: i am sure to fill hole👌🏻😤
  17. @murrrr8288: There's basically 10 seconds about iphone
  18. @fluffypinkpandas: I agree that a middle road option needs to exist.
I dont want to have have my model in some black mesa anti gravity chamber so I can rotate it on every axis - at a snails pace - just to comfortably move it in a way thats good on my back and good on the scanner.

I ALSO dont want to see every pore in the model & neither does my renderer.
  19. @NicoPicoPudnPie: Any update to this video for current scanners and iphone 16 lidar/phtogrammetrmmememmmmery?
  20. @canbey3042: Hello, what is the app for iphone

- I Tested 10 USB-C Devices with iPhone 15 Pro, Here’s What Happened: Kind: captions Language: en this is the new iPhone 15 Pro Max with USBC Port I'm going to plug a bunch of things into it from a USBC Hub with ethernet webcams SD cards microphones and a ton more and let's see what actually works with this new USBC port and if you were wondering it does actually work with these little USBC fans first off let's start with the big guns I'm actually going to connect this USBC Hub to the iPhone then I'm going to plug ethernet power and an SD card and let's see what it can read so when I plug in an ethernet cable I actually see a little ethernet symbol in the dynamic Island now I can actually turn off cellular and Wi-Fi and I can still access the internet and now I'm getting ethernet speeds on my iPhone not only that but I can plug in another USBC cable that's plugged into power and also charge the iPhone now I'm on ethernet charging the phone and I'll go one step further and actually put an SD card slot into this USB hub and let's see if it reads it SD card is in and now it can go to the files app and here's the SD card and I can access these drone video files right from the SD card and the USBC Hub and Just for kicks I'm going to plug this HDMI cable into the USBC Hub as well and this is connected to my Blackmagic A10 mini and as you can see it's outputting a video signal via HDMI and that USBC Hub as well so that's HDMI video an SD card reader power and ethernet all in a USBC Hub into the iPhone and it all works pretty crazy all right now let's talk about drives and storage if you have a USBC flash drive like this one from Samsung I can just plug it directly into the bottom of the iPhone go back to the files app and I'll see the flash drive show up right here not only that but I can also use this SD card reader from Anker I love this one because it's super compact has a full SD card reader and micro SD card reader plug that into the bottom of the phone I'll put the SD card in that adapter go back into the files app and now I'm reading those same files from the Drone footage right here off the anchor adapter and SD card all right one other cool Drive trick with the iPhone 15 is you can actually record video directly to an external device rather than taking up your iPhone storage to do that I'm going to open the camera app and then go into video mode once you're in video mode you do need to enable the prores filming Apple did announce you could shoot 4K 60 in prores on the iPhone but apparently you have to be filming directly to an external device in order to enable that I guess because it takes up so much room they don't want you doing it on the phone so now go to 4K 30 prores video is enabled and now that I'm in 4k 30 I'm going to plug in the Samsung flash drive it's a 256 gigabyte just USB stick enable that Pro raw filming and now you'll see this little text USBC right by the flash drive and it will tell you the amount of time you can film directly to this external device if I disconnect it you'll see the USBC will disappear and now it's going to show me the max time I can film with my iPhone storage directly if I plug that back in now I'm recording to USBC and so let's record a few seconds of video and let's see what it looks like when you actually connect it to a Mac to copy that footage I'll hit stop and let's connect it to my Mac Studio here's the Samsung USB flash drive and then I can go into the folder hierarchy and you'll see it's labeled 100 apple and there's the video file.mov format and that is the HDR 4K footage right here it's going to be super easy to move files around you can just record directly to a USB flash drive like this and then never have to take up storage on your phone it's pretty awesome all right let's talk about charging Apple announced during the event that you can use the 15 and 15 Pros to charge other devices either via lightning or USBC so I'm going to plug this USBC cable directly into my iPhone 15 Pro Max and it still feels weird plugging USBC into that and here I have my iPhone 14 pro and I'll plug a lightning cable into that side and you can see there it has already started charging my 14 pro now apparently we'll do a handshake to figure out which phone has less battery and it will start charging the Lesser charged phone and you can also charge your Apple watch and air pods off your iPhone 15 or 15 Pro and yes that means you can even take something like a pixel or other Android phone and it depends on whether it has power delivery or not but here you can see my pixel 6A is now charging off my iPhone 15 Pro Max all right let's talk about video capture devices and webcams one of the cool things about iPad OS 17 is you can actually plug in a webcam into something like FaceTime and the iPad will recognize the webcam and then default to that unfortunately I tried this with the iPhone 15 Pro Max and I don't know if it's a power delivery where it just can't power the webcam but it does not accept the webcam as a video input I also tried this with an Elgato capture device and it just does not give it enough power to actually pull in a video signal into the iPhone now with a different kind of USBC to HDMI adapter you might be able to capture video in this but given that the webcam doesn't even work and it works on the iPad I don't think you'll be able to use external video devices with the iPhone all right and finally let's talk about audio devices one of the great things about the iPad like the iPad Pro with a thunderbolt Port is I can plug in a full-on USBC audio interface and then an app like ferrite is actually going to recognize it right here and you can see this two-channel audio interface is actually being powered by the iPad if I plug in that same interface to the iPhone it just doesn't recognize it and you can also see that the audio interface doesn't even turn on it's not getting enough power so it just looks like the USB C Port is not powerful enough for things like audio interfaces or things like webcams but if you wanted to do something like a USBC microphone directly into the iPhone in the app ferrite I can plug that in with a cable and now you'll actually see it changes to the microphone input here on the iPhone and I can record with this USBC microphone directly into the iPhone without any other adapters over all I'm very glad this now has USBC it's going to make things like connecting SD card readers or external drives much easier no more adapters or dongles for that and then one cable to charge on my iPhone iPad and other USBC devices I'm looking at you airpods Max filmmakers who have workflows that they want to record in prores video on the iPhone directly to an external SSD that works great and it's going to be super fast to get it over on the Mac just unplug this from your phone plug it into your Mac a single USBC microphone will work with the iPhone 15 Pro but not an audio interface which you'll have to go to the iPad Pro for that kind of functionality and if you want to use a USBC Hub to read an SD card reader charge your iPhone and plug into ethernet for some reason you can do that too and that all works great so let me know down in the comments is your workflow going to be significantly Changed by the USBC Port before you go hit that like button and subscribe to the channel gonna have a video on the action button pretty soon I'm going to show you a shortcut to make the action button as powerful and flexible as possible and if there's anything you want to know about the iPhone 15 pro and pro Max again let me know down in the comments we'll have to do a video on it and before you go you should check out one of these videos is over here they're really good [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @SimplisticallyDigital [1 likes]: Great video, Stephen. I’ve been trying to connect a CD/DVD drive to my iPhone 15 Pro Max. Not sure if it’s possible. I’ll try it on my iPad to see if it’ll work.
  2. @pterks911: iPhone 15 plus is tudja ezeket.
  3. @Anontesla: 2:18 and do you know why they don’t want you to do it on the phone Apple works to get in boot loops when the device runs out of storage I’ve lost multiple iPads that way and iPhone it’ll warn you that it’s full and even when you go through and delete a bunch of stuff when it decides it’s gonna magically update at night then it’ll get stuck in a boot loop Shame on you, Apple but brother I’m sending you full fat love for doing the video. I love you.❤️‍🔥❤️‍🔥❤️‍🔥
  4. @Anontesla: That’s great too bad. It still won’t read my USB-C thermal camera, but it’ll work on a free android phone. lol
  5. @niconiconii-san: I looked into the webcam thing some time ago, it's not a power issue, is just that iOS doesn't include the USB Video Class device drivers, which is nuts since it's actually part of the USB specifications, and they even already written the driver for iPadOS
  6. @docholiday9513: This is awesome now I really want to get rid of my iPhone 12 lol seems that time anyways, also my lightning cables keep ripping and breaking but usbc cables are in immaculate conditions 😂
  7. @sharlandhendrix4910: Hi! This is a great video, but I still have a question. I have an iPhone 15 and I recently purchased an iottie Velox Mini Qi2 Magnetic Wireless Charger for my car. Before fully assembling, I checked to see if the charging would work and it does not. I am using the auxiliary power outlet because my vehicle does not have a USB-C connection. Any thoughts on this or should I just return it and try something else?
  8. @BrandEngine.digital: Can you recommend a USB-C to 3.5mm splitter with USB-C data/audio input? I have an iPhone 16 Pro and Hollyland Lark M2 wireless mic. I would like to be able to monitor audio on 3.5mm headphones while recording audio from Lark M2 to iPhone. Thanks in advance
  9. @Unfiltered83: I wonder if you plugged the audio interface in a hub and then powered the hub if it would work.
  10. @TommyReaperProductions: I didn’t know my IPhone 16 could do all of THAT!!!
  11. @Nicky-0-: Do they work with the 15 normal too?
  12. @themutekiununbi4932: Can I take photos and save to the external USB?
  13. @wouter44: Why does my iPhone 16 Pro Max 1TB tells me that ProRes only possible is with a external device thats exFat formatted?
  14. @beniukas: So you can record ProRes LOG footage directly to that small samsung 256gb external drive? Can you also transfer footage from SD card to external SSD using only iPhone pro and usb-c hub?
  15. @yoloturnt: No youtuber wants to tell that none of them fit with casing on
  16. @lisaymusic2: Thank you. This was great especially for me who was trying to understand what usb-c is and how it works on the iphone.  A iphone rep in a chat mentioned "pro res" and charging to ssd in iphone 16 pro buy I asked them to explain and they could not.  I was thinking they meant there's a new ssd that comes with the phone which would be additional storage.  Your video explained lots and now I understand there is so much you can do including now being able to put a storage card in and never have to use storage on your phone if you don't want to.  Thanks again.
  17. @Video_Crow: all at whopping USB 2 speeds! bravo, Apple, bravo.
  18. @falcon147: like content but we know you dont talk this fast.  you need a period every once in a while.  slow your speed down it is annoying
  19. @FrancesoSubmarino: Lacking follow-thru. You tried the Motu, but it's known previous iphones need a splitter or hub to provide enough power for both the phone and audio interface. I was hoping you'd try that with the 15.
  20. @allmypassionsallmylife: Be my guru and please tell me why my iphone 15 cant connect with remote of FIMI Mini 3 Drone? My old iphone XR has connected, old Xiaomi smartphone has also connected…

- Self-Host GitLab Runner: Quick Setup Guide: Kind: captions Language: en by the end of this video you'll know how to install and set up a gitlab runner whether it's for an instance group or project plus you'll learn how to tweak the settings to run jobs in parallel and keep your pipelines running smoothly even across multiple projects before we dive into the setup and configuration let's take a moment to understand what gitlab Runners are and why they're essential for cicd pipelines a gitlab runner formerly known as gitlab worker until 2015 is is an application used to execute jobs in a gitlab pipeline it's the engine that processes your pipeline instructions whether you're building testing deploying or performing other automated tasks Runners are lightweight versatile and can be deployed in various environments making them the backbone of gitlab cicd workflows there are three main types of gitlab Runners instance Runners group Runners and project Runners the instance Runners are available to all projects within a gitlab instance the group Runners are specific to a group of projects and project Runners are exclusive to one or more specific projects okay now that we've got the basics covered let's fire up our setup and get these Runners up and running all right this is the gitlab instance we configured before if you haven't watched that yet check the description below to ensure you have your own self-hosted gitlab instance set up before continuing now the first step is to go to the admin area from there navigate to cicd and then to Runners as you can see I already have a few Runners here however to make this process relatable for you assuming you're starting fresh without any runners I'll delete all of these so we're starting from the same point now you'll see a similar screen to get started you'll need to install the gitlab runner on your server to do this click on the three dots in the top right corner and select showrunner installation and registration instructions let's follow the steps for the Linux environment the First Command downloads the gitlab runner binary for your system I already have the runner installed on my server so your output will be different the second command gives the binary the necessary execution permissions then the gitlab runner requires its own user and home directory which this command creates finally you install and start the runner using the provided start command to confirm everything is working use the gitlab runner status command to check the runner's status now that the runner is started let's head back to the gitlab instance the next step is registering a runner you'll see a warning that the registration token is deprecated but the command still works for now just paste the command press enter for the gitlab instance URL since it's already set up and do the same for the registration token I'll include a description to help keep track because I plan to add multiple Runners later no tags will be added to this runner for now I'll set Docker as the executor for the default image I'll use the example provided Ruby 2.7 it doesn't matter here since our pipelines will have specific base images defined for each job let's go back to the gitlab instance if we refresh the runner's page you'll see the newly registered Runner appear here this Runner is now available for use in any project or group within this instance directly now let's register a runner using the authentication token instead of the deprecated registration token like we did for the first one on the same Runners page click the new instance Runner button you can add any tag you want but I'll use instance and Docker add a short description then click create Runner next select the operating system for this Runner I'll choose Linux as that's what I'm using and then simply copy this command run it on the server and the runner will be registered fill in the details just like we did for the first runner then let's check back in the gitlab instance refresh the runner's page and you'll see that the newly created Runner is now active and ready to work this Runner functions just like the one we created earlier but the key difference is that it uses the authentication token instead of the registration token now let's create a group Runner a group Runner is configured to run jobs only for a specific group within gitlab to begin go to the left hand menu and navigate to groups and create a new group I'll name it second group and click on create group let's also quickly create a project within this group make sure the newly create group is set at the project URL section and project click on the group name in the top left corner then navigate to build Runners and click on new group Runner fill in the information with some tags and a description then click create Runner copy the provided command and run it on the server filling in the details just like we did before for the group Runner to become active it might take anywhere from a few seconds to a few minutes so don't worry if it doesn't work right away before running some jobs let's create the last type of Runner a project Runner to do this navigate to the first group and create a new blank project let's name it testing project Runner and click create project click on settings cicd and then go to Runners by default the two instance Runners we just created are listed here but now we want to click on new project tags and a description then copy the provided command run it on the server just like we did before let's check the gitlab instance for this Runner to come online it usually takes a few minutes now let's take a quick look at all the runners we've set up we have the instance Runners the first one registered with the registration token and the second with the authentication token then we have the group Runner and finally the project Runner to see these runners in action start by creating a new blank project I'll give it a random name calling it random and then create a simple pipeline for Simplicity only the build stage will be kept as the purpose is to demonstrate the runners in action rather than the pipeline itself the other stages will be removed leaving only build and the changes will be committed let's check the pipelines page as you can see the first job is picked up by the registration token Runner which is the very first runner we created using the registration token let's trigger the pipeline again and as you can see this job is pick up by the same Runner perfect now it's time to make the pipeline a bit more complex a test stage and a deploy stage will be added to simulate a more realistic workflow the details of how pipelines work won't be covered here that is in a separate video this setup is intended to provide a clearer picture of how the runners handle multiple stages the pipeline now consists of a bill job a test job which might take around 10 minutes and a deploy job which takes 1 minute let's commit this change the build stage finished immediately and the test stage will take 10 minutes because of the Sleep command added to the job script but what happens if another pipeline needs to run in a different project while this one is still running without any changes to the configuration the new pipeline will remain in a pending State 10 minutes might not seem like a big deal here but in a real world scenario where a team is working on multiple projects and making frequent commits this can quickly become a bottleneck to allow multiple jobs to run in parallel the configuration needs to be updated this can be done by modifying the configuration file located in ETC gitlab Runner the first option to adjust is concurrent it can be set to two or any higher number depending on the server's capacity additionally having multiple Runners hosted on multiple servers can help further increase the number of concurrent jobs after restarting the pipeline there are now two parallel jobs running from two different projects now let's see how the group Runner Works to demonstrate this we'll go to the testing group project which is part of the second group head over to the pipeline editor and here we'll make a small change We'll add a tag to the pipeline configuration to specify the group Runner the tag corresponds to the one we set for the second group Runner earlier with that in place commit the changes and head to the pipeline's page perfect this confirms that the group Runner works as expected and processes jobs specifically for projects within its assigned group finally let's explore the project Runner to demonstrate navigate to the random project once there go to the cicd settings and locate Runners enable the project Runner specifically for this project Now by clicking on the runner the detailed information about it will visible let's return to the pipelines page one way to make this work easy is to add the tag from the project Runner and commit the changes let's check the pipeline again as you can see the second job is picked up by the Project Specific Runner confirming that it's being used for this particular project this Runner is tied to the specific project which means it won't be used for other projects unless explicitly configured before ending the video I want to show you one more thing if we go to cicd and then jobs you can see all the running jobs across the instance this provides an overview of all active jobs whether they're from a group project or Runner type from this page you can also cancel jobs or retry any failed ones thanks for watching check out my other videos and see you next time [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @SoftsWeb [2 likes]: Right now I’m running this setup on a Hostinger VPS and it works great for self-hosted GitLab Runners: https://hostinger.com/softsweb
Use code SOFTSWEB for extra 10% OFF at checkout!
  2. @sreekanthadari1 [1 likes]: Appreciate your efforts. Thank You
  3. @Sai_edits_5_2024 [1 likes]: can i use gitlab runner for windows application
  4. @leotawee [1 likes]: best vid for beginner tysm <3
  5. @rushikeshkarande7065 [1 likes]: I have maintained access and I am getting PANIC : Failed to verify runner error please help on that
  6. @manojkumarbr9559 [1 likes]: Great video, but why are you in a hurry to make this? Try to make it a bit slower. So, we don't need to pause and play.
  7. @SivapriyaVimalkumar [1 likes]: Hi! Great video — thanks for the explanation.
Do we need admin-level access to set up a project-specific runner in a company-hosted (self-managed) GitLab instance? Or can a project maintainer do it using the project token?
  8. @DennisMojica-s5n [1 likes]: Can I use an old PC as the runner?
  9. @gonza1109gz: Esta parte es más avanzada, gracias por detallarlo tanto.
  10. @positivenathanbaxter7868: idk wtf I'm doing wrong but it's all going wrong at the registration phase and I'm starting to lose my shit. github is making this so much easier (not really but it just fuckin works)

- How To Setup Runners for GitHub Actions  On Windows | CI/CD Setup #cicd #automation #pipeline: Kind: captions Language: en hello guys welcome to my channel code engine in this video we will be discussing about how you can set up your own actions runner on GitHub CI CD which is continuous integration and continuous development and I will show you the live demonstration for that so let's get started so over here I have one of my reports open which is go dark which is basically does Google docking by providing a website's address and then you can select the operators and docs and it will run all the docs on the Google so over here to show you the actions part where we will add our Runners and everything in this part we will be discussing about adding the runners so for runners you need to go to settings and in the actions tab go to the runners so over here we don't have any Runner configured so we will go to self posted unders over here if you want to set up on Mac OS Linux and windows instructions are different like the commands are different I'll be setting it up on Windows and the runner will be my own host machine which is the current Windows I'm using so architecture will be 64. you know you can choose any according to your preferences and you we will follow these steps for now uh we will first of all go to C you need to install the runner into C over here just spawn a Powershell so over here now we can start executing the commands so just click on this one this command will make actions from a folder and it will go inside that mkdir Now actions Runner is created after this this will download the zip file we go over here and paste it this will download the render save file the actual package and it will take a while to download so we can copy the further command let me explain you this is optional step like you can just verify the hash that whether it is properly downloaded or not and then this this is for extracting the installer that we just downloaded it's still downloading just hold for a second and further it will config CMD will actually install all the different commands and package it and then it will provide the access token over here this token is for my own PC by setting it up you can have your different tokens and providing this will automatically add the corresponding install corresponding Runner to your own GitHub account it is still downloading we can just wait for a while moreover in this runner's part you also need to add some Secrets like you can add some secret and variables over here like I will be explaining that in my further videos like in the GitHub workflows you can have your own ID password which would be used for GitHub API access for that you can go to secrets and variables and actions tab over here you can add your own secrets and environment variables like involvement Secrets repo Secrets by doing the new repository secrets and these will be used by own uh GitHub actions script for accessing your ID passwords and other folders and everything so hopefully it is downloaded by now yeah it is done now we can go for the further steps which will be done quickly this will simply decompress the file and now we forward let's go back to runners install for State Runner and yeah now I will run take the token configure it this will ask a few of the questions you have to configure it properly according to that so I'll be telling that okay Enter the name of the runner group we don't want to add it a group enter the name of the runner you can give your custom name or you can just leave it like that whatever it is showing like it is showing laptop and something leave it at those this is important like the runner which will be configured here now will have the following names like self-hosted Windows xst4 these labels will be used by your workflow scripts to identify the runner uh so self-hosted actually means that the post the rubber which you actually hosted on yourself just press enter now it will ask the name of the work folder the work folder is where your actual GitHub repository will be cloned and used so you can give a different name or you can simply use underscore work now you click enter there are two options available for you that are running a following run as a service or in the foreground so we will be directly running the you know using our Powershell command you can also use it as a service so I'll just click enter now a runner is configured we can simply go and start the render over here just put it run dot CMD and this will show the render is started connected to the GitHub and bit listing for jobs now your Android is configured if you go back to your settings to refresh the tab you can see the runner is configured and it is showing idle which means the runner is configured and running but it is not executing your scripts currently so you can trigger your scripts using action tab over here so this is how the runners are set up and for removing the runner you can simply click on these remove button it will show you either you can use this command or you can force remove this Runner so this is how the runners are set up in the GitHub actions and if you like this video please like And subscribe thank you

  Top Comments:
  1. @ptrikha1: I have a windows environment with Git and Perl configured. The runner does not picks these 2 software and fails. Any hint, what can I do to rectify this?
  2. @distancetraveller: Thanks really help ful
  3. @mohamediqbala5013: Hi Thanks for the video...same machine can shared by two different github repos of two different users right..?
  4. @Akash-y6d4w: How to setup runner on a different system and use it
  5. @sikkapatte.incredible: I am runnig the ./run.cmd everytime. How can i automate it

- How to Setup Github Self Hosted Runners: Kind: captions Language: en So, in this video, we're going to go through and set up a GitHub action self-hosted runner on our AWS account. If you're not familiar, GitHub actions usually run in a cloud environment. They're containers that spin up and GitHub runs them and manage them for you. But in certain situations where you need that environment to be on your own network or on premise, wherever it might be, you need to host your own self-runner or self-hosted runner so that you have access to your own network. So, this is something that it'll look like here. We'll basically have a VPC and then this is an ECS cluster. We're just going to do on EC2 for now, but ECS is more of the production grade if you want to do it that way. So, inside of a private subnet, we're going to have a self-hosted runner and then that'll be able to reach out to a NAT gateway. So, it's like a one-way entrance. So, the self-hosted runner can reach out, but nothing can reach in. So that way we can limit the access because we don't have to say that our application has to be open to full internet. We're trying to find the GitHub IP ranges for cloud and even then it's just a public IP range. It's not like it's specific to us. So this way we know it's coming from within our network. We can verify the build before it happens and everything is inside of our own internet. This type of thing is really important for high compliance or strict environments. So that being said, let's go ahead and get into it. So we're going to go into my repository here. So, this is actually where I host my um website from. I'm just going to go in here and go to settings and then go down to actions here and runners. And you'll see I don't have any runners right now, although I do have a git action because it's just running on the public runner. So, we're going to do new self-hosted runner. And I will do this on a Linux machine. Um x8 or x64 looks good. And all of that is ready. So, now that we've set this up, we're going to go over to our EC2 dashboard and let's go over to instances. I'm going to launch a new instance here. So, inside our launch instance, we're going to do my GitHub runner and then I will do Ubuntu. And I'll have timestamps below. So, if you know how to spin up your own instance or you already have one available, you can just jump ahead to the actual setup of the runner. And so, here we go. We have our Ubuntu instance and it's a 64-bit x86. Um, let's leave that. And then go to T2 micro. That looks good. And then for key pair, we're going to go ahead and select um whatever key pair you have available or create one if you don't. I already have one existing, so I'm going to go with that. And all of this, I'm going to leave SSH traffic open to anywhere. Actually, I'll change it to my IP. So, at least do this at a bare minimum. If you're in a production environment, you shouldn't even be doing that. You should have some other way to connect to it. But, um, we'll leave that for now. So, that being said, I'm going to go ahead and launch this instance. And it looks like it's launched. So, you'll see I have one old one here. We're looking at my GitHub runner here. So, I'm going to open that up, go into connect, and I will copy this out. Um, if you haven't done this, follow these commands or at least this one. Make sure you copy down that PM file and then domod 400 to be able to um use it. So, I will go ahead and SSH into this server. Let's go ahead and do yes here. This will take a second. There we go. And now coming back to our GitHub here, we have a list of commands that we want to run now. So I'm just going to copy these out and then I'll talk about them. So we're going to make a new um directory that's actions runner and cd into it. And then we're going to download the executable from the GitHub action site. So here is the download. And then we extract that installer. Um looks like we actually got a bunch of errors there because of the dollar sign. So, let's go back. Let's do each of them individually. It'll take a minute, but it's fine. So, we're going to go ahead and copy it or curl it rather. And then while that goes, um, you can validate the hash. I'm not going to do that, but in some environments you might have to, and then go ahead and extract the installer. So, we'll do that there. And then once that's installed now, at least where it's downloaded, we can configure it. So, this config.sh, SH this is a file that they give us and then it provides a URL so it's specific to our repository and then we have a token that's basically to say that we are the person we say we are so we'll go ahead and run that and you'll see this authentication here and so it's going to ask for the name of our runner group I don't have one so I'm just going to go ahead and press default enter the name of the runner and I don't want that IP there I'm going to do my GitHub runner so it matches my EC2 instance and make sure if you're doing this at scale you have some kind kind of a naming convention there, of course. So, here's the labels. I don't really care about that in this case. Um, let's see. Name of the work folder. Let's leave that as it is. And there we go. So, now that's set up. And then we'll do dot slashrun.sh. We double check that. Yep. Now we're connected to GitHub and it's listening for jobs. And now the next thing that we need to do now that that's going is we're going to go into our workflows. I'm going to go to this S3 deployment.yml and let's open this up. And if you scroll through here, you should see a runs on if you're already have these actions set up. If you don't, I'll link a video below for GitHub actions basics so you can get a full understanding of how these work. But I'm just going to go through the runs on in this. So I have Ubuntu latest that is saying an Iuntu image on the GitHub cloud provider basically where I say cloud provider whatever server they're going to offer us but we are going to change this to be self-hosted and then let's go ahead and commit that change. So now we have our runner that is listening for jobs. Just double checking that. Let's go ahead and kick off our S3 bucket workflow and we will see the workflow has triggered. Now, our build and deploy job has been kicked off. If we look here, you'll see it immediately picked up running job build and deploy. So, let's go back over here and just track this build and deploy. It's installing dependencies. So, mpm's on this server and it's going to install them. That's done. Now, we're going to do mpm run build there. And this will take a second. And then once that's done, it should copy to S3. Okay. So, AWS not found. Interesting. Okay. Okay, so AWS CLI is installed now. Let's do d- version just to make sure. There we go. So CLI is there. So let's go ahead and do our run again. Run.sh. So now we're going to be listening for jobs here. Let's go back and kick this off one more time. So let's rerun fail jobs. Go ahead and kick that off. And again, we're going to go through. So you'll have to do this once as you're figuring out what dependencies you need because now you're owning this whereas I had it in the installer before but it didn't have access. So now we install dependencies. We build the mpm run build here. And then once that's complete hopefully we deploy to S3. There we go. Deploy to S3. Invalidate CloudFront. And we are done. So there is our job completed. Let's come back here. Job build and deploy completed with result succeeded. So, that is how you can set up a GitHub actions on a self-hosted runner. Um, like I said before, if you're interested in learning more about GitHub and CI/CD pipelines and GitHub actions in general, I'll link the video here so you can go check that out. Otherwise, thanks for watching and be sure to subscribe.

  Top Comments:
  1. @MichaelOfficeTube [1 likes]: Seriously!! That was amazing, short and all I need. 👍
  2. @ahsanmalik9576: spoty dog 👍

- GitHub Actions - Self-hosted runners - Installation & Calling: Kind: captions Language: en with github actions you can use github hosted runners managed by github to execute your workflows you can also use self-hosted runners which are runners that you maintain on your own infrastructure whether that is a data center or in your own cloud let's look at how you can install and configure these self-hosted runners [Music] hey y'all i'm mickey gousei and today we are looking at how to install github action self-hosted runners and how to use labels to trigger workflows on those runners self-hosted runners are vms or containers that you maintain including the software installed on them and the operating system for users that need access to internal resources or have restrictions on external access self-hosted runners provide a way to utilize github actions when you install a self-hosted runner you can install it at three levels the enterprise runners installed at the enterprise level can be assigned to all organizations or to a specific organization the organization runners installed at the organization level can be assigned to all repos or just specific repos and finally the repository runners installed at the repository level can only be used by that repository to identify runners you apply one or more labels to utilize a runner in the runs on command in the workflow file you list one or more labels github actions will then look for a free runner that matches your labels and trigger the workflow now let's look at how we can install a self-hosted runner and trigger a workflow on it using a label to get started installing a self-hosted runner the first thing we have to decide is where we want to install the runner we can install it at the enterprise level at the organization level or in a specific repository for this example i'm going to install it at the organization level though you'll follow similar steps regardless of where you're installing it so if i go to settings and i go under actions and i select this is where i could see any runners that i have installed at the organization level or any runners that were installed at the enterprise level that this organization was giving access to i don't see any runners so i will click new runner and this is now going to walk me step by step through setting up a new self-hosted runner you can see i've got three a potential runner images depending on whether i'm using a mac os linux or windows machine to install the runner on so i'm going to go with linux and i'm going to choose x64 architecture because that's what i'm using you can see it gives me step by step what i need to do to make this runner work on my vm so the first step is we need to go to the vm and we need to create a folder to put the files in so here i am i'm using wsl 2 and i'm going to this is these are all the same vms just you know three different panes and so i'm going to create a folder called actionsrunner and i'm going to cd into it and you can see obviously i just created this so there's nothing in there and then it says download the latest runner package so this is going to go out and grab the latest runner from the actions runner releases which is a public repo that you can go out and see and it's just going to curl it down there's probably a variety of other ways i could have pulled that runner down i could have you know just downloaded it straight from the website and copied it over but this works just fine and remember the runners are going to be smart so once i get it installed it will update itself automatically as new releases come out so if we take a quick look we can see we have that tar gz file with the runner so optionally we can validate it to make sure that the everything's valid in the file it looks okay so let's extract it and once it's extracted you can see we have a variety of different files that were um and folders that were created we've got this bin folder that was created for us and then we have these three shell scripts config environment and run.sh the config and the run are going to be the shell scripts that we're really going to be concerned with now we need to actually configure the runner so that's where we use this step where we're going to run config.sh we're going to point it to our org and it gives us a short-lived token to use set the runner up this token doesn't last very long if you wait around too long on this page then the token will expire and you'll have to regenerate the page to get it to get a new token so let's copy this and let's run config.sh and see what happens oh ascii art so i'm asked to provide a name for the runner or for the runner group sorry so the first thing it asks me is what runner group do i want to add this runner to so you can group your runners into runner groups by default it's going to add it to a group called default and i haven't created any other runner groups that's another video so we'll just hit return to add it to the default group next what do i want to name this runner so we will just call this my github runner one now runners can have labels and labels are how you're going to target your workflow files to access those self-hosted runners by default your runner is going to get a label called self dash hosted a label with the operating system and a label with the the the framework so linux x64 self-hosted but you can add other labels if you want to and you can add them now or you could add them late later so just because we can let's add a couple of labels here we'll call this label1 and we'll call it label 2. now the work folder is where it's going to download when you know when it downloads the actions that it's going to run or when it checks out files that's where it's going to do all of its work so i usually just take the default underscore work and there you go if we now take a quick look we can now see that we've got some dot credential files that weren't there before we've got a dialog an underscore um not dialog and underscore diag for for being able to diagnose things in fact if we look in there you can see we've even got a log that's tracking in this case our initial installation of the runner now at this point we have the runner installed however if we come back out here let's open this in a new tab you're going to see it's currently showing is offline because we've installed it but it's not actually running so to start the runner if we want to start it manually we can just run the shell script run.sh and this will start up the runner connect it to github and now it will be listening for jobs you can also set this up to run as a service if you look there's a service.sh shell script you can use the service dot sh shell script to install this as a service so that it would start every time the machine starts back up for demo purposes and for sometimes when i want to troubleshoot i usually just run it manually because then i get a little bit more interaction and i can kind of see what's happening you know if it picks up the job etc and right now you can see it is and if we come back over here and refresh this page then under runners you can see there's our gh runner one with the labels that we gave it it's in the default running group and it's currently set to idle so let's go see if we can trigger something to execute on this runner so i'm going to go to my oh one other thing i meant to show you which is important let's go back up to the organization level and we go to settings and let's look at the runner groups by default the default runner group has access as is giving any runners in that group access to any of the repositories but they have to be internal or private they can't be public because that's not checked so by being in the default group i'm allowing any repository any private in my org to access that runner but i could also apply it to just select repositories as well i just want to show you why that runner can be accessed from my repository it's because it's in this default group and the default group allows runners or reposit any repository to access runners in the default group the way it's currently configured so let's go to this workflows private which is a private repo and i've got a simple workflow that i've previously created and this workflow is triggered manually and i am telling it to run on a machine with a label of self-hosted now i've only got one machine with a label of self-hosted um but if i had multiple machines with a label of self-hosted it would just pick one at random that was available to it i could also provide multiple labels so i could say i want a machine that has a label of self-hosted and also a labe a label of label dash one so you're able to use the labels to drill down to the specific machines that you want and then you can see that this code is just going to check out my repo which there's really nothing there it's going to do some echo outs and do a short 15 second sleep i see added runs on label one so let's commit the change that we made and if we go to actions and we choose our workflow and we run it if we watch right now it says listening for look running job build so we can see as each job in this case i've only got one but we can see is each each job gets picked up and we can come back over here and we can see that our workflow is running as we expect so that's the 15 second wait and then it finishes running shows completed successfully here and if we go back over to the runner we can see that the job completed successfully with the results exceeded so we have now successfully triggered a workflow to run on our self-hosted now just to tease a little bit if i look at in my actions runner folder you can see that i've got two folders the underscore diag for diagnostics and the underscore work which is where we said it was going to check out and do um all the code and that's where it does you know the actual work force and if we do a quick little tease if we look at what's in the diag folder let's do it this way then you can see that we have logs related to the runner and this worker log which is a log that is related to the specific workflow run that just happened and if we do a quick little look in the underscore work folder we have lots of things in there pipeline mapping actions and our workflows private repo where we checked out the code i hope you've enjoyed this video on how to install and use a github actions if so please comment and like this video subscribe to my channel and smash that bell to be notified of my next video thanks for watching

  Top Comments:
  1. @karthikeyanb7518 [10 likes]: fantastically explained.
  2. @nadravface [1 likes]: Thank you for this video!!
  3. @miereza [1 likes]: very helpful!
  4. @ContentView_DRM [1 likes]: Oh hold on, I need to put my headset on my forehead, give me a sec. xD
  5. @rodfalanga3770 [1 likes]: FYI
If you're installing the GitHub self-hosted runner on a Windows machine, and you want to create it as a Windows service, then you must run the CLI as Administrator. I didn't do that, because I didn't know, until I got to the question where it asks if I wanted to run the GitHub self-hosted runner as a service. At that point, it bombed. Thanks, GitHub, for leaving out important details like that.
  6. @vanshikavannu8015: I have watched this video just to understand, how to make the runner available alive though the session closed. But, that did not solve this video. The steps the video talks were basics and they are very straight forward steps. The video might be a worthy, if it addresses the install and start runner as a service...in the real time we cannot always open the runner session, that's fundamental one...
  7. @MominAli-r7c: For listeners annoyed by sound: Go to your computer's sound settings and enable: Mono Audio
  8. @-SANJAIMI: I couldn't able to connect to the SonarQube server which locally hosted and I'm trying to use the self-hosted runner for the first time and I couldn't able to address why the sonar-scanner couldn't able to connect to the sonarqube server( I tried this stunt thinking about the security). please help me, the connection is established when I expose the server to internet and the github actions in running on a cloud. the repo I'm currently working at is private and the mentioned connection is established when I worked in a public repo. 
P.S: I don't have any knowledge about the docker stuffs ... I'm new to this 🙂
please help me !!!
  9. @_us.m.an_: All the knowledge is in the left part of my brain, jk but thank you for this!
  10. @Rayhand117: Great!
  11. @mertakbulut241: Sir, thanks for the crystal clear explanation.
  12. @mfarhantariq-ro6bf: is this self-hosted runner need ssh open connection?
  13. @shiznoSC2: amazing video... but so painful to watch while wearing headphones
  14. @ElongateFeel: I have a disability where I can only hear from my right year. I could not hear anything except for some music at random points in the video. Is that intended?
  15. @krzysiek5806: Can you please explain how to refresh token? TBH - I would like to be the runner available ALL the time. So whenever there is a push to my master branch, I want to trigger an action and deploy new version. Now I cant do it - token gets expired after only 1h.

I have an idea to write a script in a VM to call github API for the token, restart the runner with the new token, do it each hour. But does it really needs to be so overhelming? Thinking about moving off to jenkins
  16. @hereps: Simple and efficient, thanks 👍
  17. @bulletkip: <<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<
  18. @MickeyGousset: You will need to script that or look at something like actions runner controller
  19. @SaschaStriegel: my left ear enjoyed this video
  20. @vrohan07: thank you so fuckin much man!

- XcodeSurgery: Eliminating Recompilation for your iOS Build Variants - iOS Conf SG 2021: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] thank you everybody for attending this conference talk on xcode surgery eliminating recompilation for your build variants my name is kenneth boon and this is my profile email github medium and linkedin pages about me i am a principal software engineer at sp digital i like to bring agile development into the ios development space and i am a tech talk contributor in the ios dev scout meetup group now for those for today's topic we are going to focus on optimizing building different app flavor or in a typical workspace setup from our source codes we can build one variant like the developer build in this example pointing to the def instance of the mail and off server and later we can prepare another variant for staging in the staging build we will point our corresponding api to the staging domain instance and finally developers can prepare a production build for apple app store submission sometimes we need to build custom flavors to enable certain permutation of features so for the build time assuming one app takes m minutes four apps will approximately take four m minutes so when we have n build flavors the total build time grows linearly even though there are no logic changes in the source codes and build time increases as developer writes more code so when we have more codes and more flavors to build this setup becomes not so scalable possible common reasons for long compound times is when we rely on build setting dependent variables like xc config and preprocessor macros for example xcode will create separate build directories for different build configuration in the screenshot when we build debug release and staging xcode will recompile the same target three times for pre-processor macros like hex if defined the build process in xcode will trigger a source code dependency check and recompile all dependent codes to sum it up changes that affect build settings trigger recompilation so for today i would like to introduce to everyone here at ios conf sg 2021 a command line two i wrote called xcode surgery the focus of this tool is to reuse compiled binaries when building targets and this helps to eliminate unnecessary for different build variants xcode surgery does not require any core effectiveness to use the tool hence after this talk you can immediately employ these two and start benefiting on the build time savings in your projects however you may want to adjust your code base to further optimize the pre-process let me first share about installation xcode surgery command line 2 is available as a suite package at this github repository you can install this swift package via mint mit is a package manager that installs and runs swift command line 2 packages you can use this blue command to install mint using mid you can install export surgery with this command xcode surgery requires four easy steps to integrate into your project step one create a new app target and we we will refer this as the destination target and the original target as the source step 2 copy the build settings from the source target over to the destination step 3. add a preparation build phase for source target and step 4 add a transplant build phase for the destination target to go into details step 1 create a new we will be using this swiss ui repository to demo export surgery so this is an open source project that i found on the internet and i am using this to demonstrate how easy it is to integrate export surgery into any projects in this example the source target is movie swift we will create a new app target called client and this new target will be referred to as the in step 2 we will copy the build settings from the source target over to the the destination target will take on all build setting properties and we will become the pseudo clone of the source here's a gif animation on how to copy the settings over to the targets first we select the source target and then use command a to select all and command c to copy then we hit select the destination target and use command v to paste the values to repeat we select the source target command a to select all command c to copy and then we select the and use command v to paste the values for step three we will create a new run script placed at the last build phase steps and insert the xcoser to be prepared command we will need to input a temporary working directory target build directive and target name in step four similarly in the destination target we will create a run script as last build phase steps and use the x code surgery transplant command we will pass in some xcode build environment variables as well as the path of the working directory and the name of the source building the app is very straightforward we will just need to build the source target once and we can proceed to build the for deploying the app first you can run the destination target and observe that you can deploy a clone app of the source target you can modify the destination target build settings with different bundle identifiers co-signing instructions and provisioning profiles to create different build variants observe that the source target battery does not get re-compiled so some of you may be asking how can i configure my app variants so don't worry i will come to that later in the talk now let's do a live hands-on demo of xcos xcode surgery and go through these four steps number one create a new app destination number two copy the build settings from the source target to the destination step three add a preparation run script step 4. add a transplant run script this is a swift ui open source project i have downloaded to demonstrate how anyone can easily apply export surgery to your projects to save time in video recording i have previewed the main ios app target will be swift for the ios simulator we will refer this as the source target let me run the app to show you how this app looks like i have made some changes to the project and added some cocoa pods third party life is to load up the total bit time of the app and this is a beautiful movie app showing movie star played at the cinema in the build logs it shows the total build time taken as seconds if you if we were to instruct our continuous integration server to create two bit variants it will approximately take 290 seconds to build now let's apply the xcode surgery steps and see how much time savings we can get out of it so the first step we need to do is to create a new app target and i will name the target as movies client and we will be referring this as the now let's run the client target to see how the new app looks like and it shows a very simple hello world application after creating the destination target the next step requires us to copy the build settings from the source target over to the destination target so now we select the source target head on to build settings and we use command a to select all commands in the copy then we select the destination target and command v to paste the values for the next step we will go to the source target and create a new run with the exclusive repair command in this command we will provide the arguments for the working directory target group directory and target name similarly create a new one script with the export surgery transplant command here we will input x-coordinate environment values and we also need to provide the path to the working directory and the name of the source target before we build the movie swift client let's first build the source target the build process will now use xcode surgery to prepare for the transplant command next we will build and run the using the new script we have now pseudo-cloned the original app onto the destination target now let's inspect how long it takes it took to create the destination target app and the total time taken is about 2 we can apply variant value for different flavors using xe config in my project i have created two xe config files containing the variant variable called home dev title i will be changing the title of the navigation bar as a visual example and i'll be using one actually config death showing the navigation title as death now playing at the cinemas and for the other configuration staging showing staging exciting movies for you in your own projects your xe config files may specify various api urls your build variant will use to apply the variants you need to go to our project info page and select the xc config file for the corresponding build so for the debug build i will be selecting the dev xd config file and for the release view i will be using the staging xe config file so first let me open up xc scheme to ensure that we are selecting the correct build configuration let me select the debug view let's run build and run the debug version of the app so now you can see that the title of the navigation bar has changed to depth now playing at the sigma now let's let me run build and run the release build of the app and now using the release build we have changed the title of the navigation bar to staging exciting movies for you now let's summarize the time taken to build our apps so the total time taken to build uh two variants will be about 147 seconds plus 147 seconds and after building after using export surgery the time taken to build two variants is 147 seconds plus two and plus two seconds so this is approximately the how about saving time savings you will get by simply using excellent surgery build process now let's head back to the slides where i will explain what is happening under the hood to better understand how xcode surgery works let's inspect how xcode builds and packages ios apps in here i will run a custom script to open target book directory at each build phase step before compilation we can open up the app folder and we will observe that xcode will place a provisioning file this happens when we build and directly install the app onto our development devices after compilation of source codes xcode will place the compound binary in the with the target athletes file name at the copy bundle step xcode will place resource files like localization strings images and info p list into the app after completing the entire build phase xcode will sign the app and place the code signature inside the app folder depending on your project setup the app may also have frameworks embedded in the frameworks folder and here i will show you what is happening when we execute the xcode surgery process for the source target export will compile the source codes and copy all needed bundle resources placing items like assets and p list into the app folder when we run the xcode surgery prepare the command92 will make a copy of the source app and place it in the working directory after that xcode will proceed to sign the app for the destination app xcode surgery transplant command will copy and replace the binary and all relevant bundle resources from the soft target app in the working directory to the destination target app at this point of time xcode doesn't perform any integrity check on the binary and will proceed to code sign the app this process will work when we build variants for the ios simulator direct installed on device and archiving for distribution why is this possible firstly there is no integrity check performed by xcode between build phase steps the application linking step assumes files have not been tampered with code sign is only performed after completing all build phase steps and you may be wondering if this is a new feature on the latest version of xcode interestingly i have discovered and have been using this technique since 2016. export surgery may not always be needed or applicable in situations where the project requires different compile optimization modes for each build configuration there isn't a need to build multiple variants at the same time in some project team setup only a certain flavor is built when new comics are pushed onto specific branches and probably probably the actual recompile time is currently not significant enough xcode surgery works best when variant variables are held in feature files here's my humble suggestion on one way of achieving this firstly migrate all variant variables like domain instances feature toggles to a file such as plist then before starting the build generate a random symmetric encryption key and use that key to encrypt the feature files next generate a source code containing the encryption key so that the app can now use the same key to decrypt the encrypted feature files after building the encryption key can later be disposed of and no one other than the app itself have the key to decrypt the future cells in the transplant command you can use the argument files to inject to indicate which feature variants you want to use for the build other notes on xcode surgery so what's in the name the xcode surgery process which requires us to open up the app folder and perform the replacement of files reminds me of surgeons opening up two bodies and having to perform an organ transplant and that's how i coined the term five years ago hey the idea is five years old but the repository looks very new my original code was written using shell scripts and for this conference talk i decided to rewrite everything in swift and took time to research on switch to package manager swift command 92 so that i can share this knowledge with all of you here today this tool works for building variants on simulator installations on device and archiving i will be starting work on the transplant process for axis extensions and here i have reached the end of my talk you will enjoy build time savings using xcode surgery i will encourage every everyone here today to install and tried it out the tool is available at this repository feel free to reach out to me and share with me your thoughts on this new tool thank you you

- Reduce Xcode Build Time | Xcode | iOS | Swift: Kind: captions Language: en hey guys welcome to my channel ipod i am pallav and today we are going to look at something very very very useful something which is a pain point for every as developer that is build time we will try to reduce it will try to optimize it and will go from this to this i have seen the build time increasing from few seconds to 15 minutes 20 minutes as the project grows as the dependencies are added pods cartridge frameworks sdks and what not so as the project size grows your build time increases significantly and today in this video we'll look at some ways we'll look at some tricks through which we can reduce the build time and i understand that not all of them will be applicable to your projects but if you can somehow manage to apply them on your projects your build time will reduce significantly so let's dive in so to see this in action that how build time can be reduced the first thing that we need is export project and instead of choosing any random project or creating a new project right now i am going for this one this is xcode benchmark project and it is created by maxtec they guys created this for evaluating the performance of the machines but we will be using this for our purpose because i feel that this is very close to the actual projects the real projects that we work on it is having more than 42 cocoa pods in total it is having more than 70 dependencies the size of the project is more than a gigabyte so i i feel that it is very close to the project that we normally work on and it will give us a very realistic idea very close idea that how build time can be reduced so let's use this i'm already having this project downloaded so let's see that how it looks it looks something like this it is having all these dependencies all these cocoa pods and all of them have been added intentionally just to introduce more complexities so that we get a more closer idea that how the build time can be reduced because obviously on a small project it won't be that significant so where we are going for this one and what we'll do is that first we will build it without any optimization and we'll see that what is the build time and then we'll perform some ways some tricks uh we'll try to optimize the build time and then we'll check again that what is the difference between the build times so we will be using terminal for building the project and i have cleared all the derived data so that any cache sort of thing is not used so that it does not give us a false impression of the build time and to build it it is this project is already having a script it looks like this this benchmark dot ss this is the script that is already the part of the project to build it from the command line and we will see this script in detail we will make some changes in it uh as a part of optimization so let's first build it without making any changes and and just note down the build time then we'll go for the further optimizations so let me just execute it that is benchmark dot sh and the project is building we will see the build time and finally the build is succeeded and the time taken is 307 seconds approximately and below are the specifications of my machine so i'm using the macbook pro m1 2020 model so on your machines this time may vary but on my machine the clean build i mean after clearing all the derived data and cleaning the project approximately now let's try to optimize this now let's try that how this build time can be reduced and up to what extent it can be reduced let's go for it we will open the xcode we will look at the things that can be changed what are the optimizations that we can make to reduce this build time and then we will make those changes in the script because again we will be building the project through command line itself so let's go to xcode and let's see that what are the things that can be changed to reduce this build time the first thing that you need to ensure is the build system that which build system is being used so xcode is having two build systems for your project so one is the legacy build system and the other one is the new legacy takes more time in building the project but the new build system is optimized and it takes competitively lesser amount of time so ensure that the build system that is being used is the newer one and by default i mean in the new projects the by default selection is for the new build system but in case you are working on any old project or if it is using the old build system just ensure that you do not go for it so here in the workspace settings you can see the build system so new build system and the legacy build system so this is the one thing that you need to take care of now let's see that what else can be done so in order to reduce the build time the changes that we'll be making can be classified into three categories so one is the export configuration like the build system the selection of the build system the other one is the project settings that what is going on in the build settings and the third one is the code quality so in this video we will be focusing on only the first two that is the export configuration and the build settings the project settings while i'll just touch up a little bit on the code quality that how you can write the code what are the ways of optimizing the code so that it eventually reduces your bill time so let's move towards the build settings and let's see that what are the changes that we can do here so here you can check that the only active architectures are being built i mean that should not be the case for the release builds but at least for the development part for the the debugging part or the normal development when you are working on the project you can ensure that only the active architectures are being built and that you can check from here active architectures so this is the first thing that you can check in the build settings the second thing that can be done here is the level of optimization so if i go here you will see that the optimization level here can be changed for the debug and the release the configurations can be changed so for debug it's none as of now so this can be changed to fast fastest the smallest aggressive and there are different configurations provided by xcode so you can choose one of them and again i'm repeating that not all of them can be applicable to your project but you will have to figure it out that what all changes can you apply in order to reduce your build time so this is one of the ways and the next thing that can be done in the build settings is the generation of dsym so if you see here the debug information format it's as of now dwarf for debug and dwarf with dsym file for the release so this dwarf can be changed to dwarf with dsym file and if you want to know more about that what is the difference between off or what is dsym file or how the logging is done and other related stuff you please comment it in the comment section and then i'll try to cover it in a different video because it is out of the scope of this video so what you can do is you can change this to dwarf with dsym file that will reduce your build time the other thing that can be done is in the edit scheme of your project so if i go in the edit scheme section here you will see that there's this option for parallelized build and make sure that it is checked so this reduces the build time by parallely building the targets that do not depend on each other so eventually your build time is reduced make sure that this is checked the other thing that can be done is increasing the number of threads that is being used by xcode for building the project so by changing the number of threads by increasing or decreasing basically we are using the ability of multithreading of our processors so these days the processors are very fast are very powerful and by changing the number of threads by playing with them we can reduce our build time but again you will have to figure it out it's more of a hidden trial sort of thing so you will have to figure it out that what exactly what number of threads works for you so maybe you can change it to three you can change it to four you can change it to eight so it's not the case that every time increasing the number of threads will reduce the build time but you will have to figure it out for your project that what works best so we will make that change in our script i'll show it to you that how it can be done how the number of threads can be changed so that is again one of the optimization ways and when you build your project through xcode and you want to see that how much time it took for the build you can go here and in the product tab in this perform action you can select this build with timing summary so when the build will be completed you will get a timing summary through which you can identify that how that it took the lesser amount of time or it took more time this way you can you can identify it although we will be using a command for it in our script i'll show that to you in a minute so let's proceed towards our script let's see that what all is going in there and let's make the changes that we discussed that we saw in the x code let's write command for those things in this script and then see that how much build time is reduced what did we achieve so in this script you can see that the first thing is the variable that is having the part to our project and the part to our derived data then we are just clearing our console and we are just echoing that we are preparing the environment we took a variable as a start time and initialize with the time and this is the line because of which we will get to know that how much time it took for the build so this show build operation duration this is set to yes that's why we will get the duration if we set it to no we won't get that how much time it took to build and then these are just the normal echo statements to print the things on the console now here there's the command export build and these are the flags that we are having so we just mentioned the workspace that is the path to our project we mentioned the scheme that which scheme do we want to build so as you saw in the project we were having different schemes here and we just mentioned our export benchmark as a scheme we mentioned the destination and the derived data path now let's add something here for optimizing the build time and the first thing that we'll add is we'll add a flag to mention that the new build system should be used and this is set to yes so now for the for building of the project the new build system will be used instead of the legacy one the other couple of things that can be done that we discussed is setting the number of threads so here i am setting it to 8 by this px number of parallel builds up task and here on line number 12 i am setting the parallel command exclusively to yes so that is the thing that we discussed about the pedal builds about the different targets and building them parallelly so this is that thing so these are the changes that we are making here and this seems fine to me so let's save it and let's again clear our derived data and everything so i'll just clear the derived data once and the derived data is clean let's clean the project as well so the clean is done let's put the xcode and with these changes that we made for optimizing the build time let's build it once again and see that what is the difference that we get so this is 307 seconds let me just take a screenshot of it so that we can compare it later maybe this one and now let's clear our console and let's build it the build succeeded and this time it succeeded in 198.331 second so as compared to our previous timing that was 307 second this is a significant reduction in the build time i guess more than 30 35 percent and this was only by making some changes in the project settings and the build settings the other thing that you can do for reducing the build time is improving the code quality so do not prefer type inference instead go for explicitly mentioning the types that will help in reducing the build time instead of using the dynamic dispatch you can go for using the static dispatch and if you are not sure about what dynamic displeasure static dispatch is what is the difference and how can it help in reducing the build time here's the link of one of my videos in which i have explained in detail about the dispatch methods you can have a look you will get an idea that how it can help and the other thing that you can do is you can remove the run scripts from the build phases so again i'm saying that this won't be possible for every project so for example let's say that you are having the swift length script and you do not want to remove it it's totally fine but if you want to remove the run scripts it will help in reducing the build time so go to the build phases looked at how many run scripts you are having is there any scope of removal of any of them or all of them in the best case if that can be done then it will significantly reduce your build time because all these run scripts eventually contributes to your belt time and the removal will reduce it so this is another thing that you can do so that's pretty much for this video a new video comes out every sunday so you might consider subscribing to my channel let's write better code together happy coding and stay safe

  Top Comments:
  1. @polu9132 [4 likes]: A video on

Dwarf and dwarf with dysm file

Plz Sir. Thank You.
  2. @vishalguptadev1 [4 likes]: Dwarf and dwarf with dysm file
  3. @amidasrellek9194 [2 likes]: Buy an M1 macbook and forget all this tricks and hacks...
  4. @pogosanesyan9999 [1 likes]: Please make video with explanation of deep project settings
  5. @neerajjangid9622 [1 likes]: Yes a viode on Dwarf and dwarf with dysm file
  6. @sreekanthreddyiragamreddy6283 [1 likes]: we should build with out dysm to reduce build time. we don't need Dsym file for Debug Builds. you said wrong in the video.. in order to improve build time we need to choose just dwarf
  7. @sanjeevreddy1756 [1 likes]: Can you upload a video on instruments
  8. @david-tracy [1 likes]: very nice
  9. @pateltwinkle9338: can u plz reduce build time in another demo?
  10. @kirankurubar1142: please make one view on how to optimize unity-xcode project build
  11. @AbinBaby28: a video on DWRAF and DYSM please
  12. @kunlunmont6399: can u please share the benchmark.sh?
  13. @ZumryMohamed: please do Dwarf and dwarf with dysm file. it wil be helpful for juniors.

- Monorepos - How the Pros Scale Huge Software Projects // Turborepo vs Nx: Kind: captions Language: en a software company like google maintains a lot of code like seriously a lot like over 2 billion lines of code and nearly 100 terabytes of data to go along with it it's a scale that's hard to even comprehend like all the stars in the universe or all the universes in the multiverse and you have thousands of engineers around the world working on it simultaneously but get this they store all their code in a single monolithic repository and they've been doing it since the very beginning today google's monorepo is likely the largest code base in the world but it takes an extraordinary effort to scale they have their own homegrown version control system and a highly advanced build tool called bazel which goes by the much cooler name of blaze internally in today's video you'll learn everything you ever wanted to know about mono repos and how you the humble javascript developer can build a high performance mono repo in your garage if you're new here like and subscribe we're so close to 1 million and if you hit the button right now we might even make it there by christmas you may have heard some exciting news last week that vercell acquired a company called turbo repo it's a build tool written in go that makes it really easy to manage multiple apps and packages in a single git repository but first let's answer the question of why would i want to use a mono repo there are many reasons but at the highest level it gives you visibility of your company's entire code base without the need to track down and clone a bunch of different repos in addition it provides consistency because you can share things like your eslint config a ui library of web components for your design system utility libraries documentation and so on the real power though comes in the form of dependency management imagine somebody makes a breaking change to a shared library all affected applications will know instantly and monorepo tools can actually help you visualize the entire dependency graph of your software when it comes to third party dependencies a mono repo can dedupe packages that are used in multiple apps a mono repo is also ideal for continuous integration and automation because your code is already unified by default making it much easier to build and test everything together but there is one big problem with monorepos and that's the fact that they're big as the monorepo becomes larger there are more things to test more things to build and a lot more artifacts to store as a result vs code will lag trying to process the massive git history and you'll need a 20 minute smoke break waiting for everything to run on the ci server after every commit to operate a mono repo at scale it's absolutely essential to have the right tooling that's why facebook created buck microsoft created rush and google created bazel you just need a phd in order to use it luckily there are other options out there the most basic approach is to use your package manager like yarn or npm to define workspaces these tools basically configure your project with a root level package json which then has nested workspaces like apps and packages that are linked back to the root level project a cool thing about this is that it will dedupe your node modules which means if you have the same package installed in multiple apps it will only be installed once it also allows you to orchestrate scripts like if you want to build or test all of your apps at the same time that's a good easy place to start but if you're building an open source project that publishes a bunch of different packages then you'll likely want to look into a tool called learn which is a tool that can optimize the workflow of a multi-package repo here's an example turf js is a geospatial library that has a ton of different packages that are essentially helper functions or working with geolocation data each one of them can be installed as its own package and lives in its own subdirectory here on the repo lerna is the tool that it uses to help manage this workflow efficiently most importantly it allows you to publish all of your packages to npm with a single command these tools are great at configuring monorepos but they still suffer from the same problem i mentioned earlier they become really slow and difficult to work with as they grow larger one problem is the installation of dependencies if you're looking to improve your install speed and easy optimization to make is to replace npm with pnpm it's a drop-in replacement that will install your dependencies globally and sim link them and that can make your install speeds up to three times faster that's a nice upgrade but what really makes a monorepo slow is the constant need to recompile rebuild and retest everything and that brings us to the fun part of the video where we talk about an entirely different class of tools that can make your mono rebo operate at the speed of google the tools i'll be comparing are nx and turbo repo they both operate as what i would describe as a smart build system what i mean by that is they create a dependency tree between all of your apps and packages which allows the tooling to understand what needs to be tested and what needs to be rebuilt whenever there's a change to the code base they cache any files or artifacts that have already been built and can also run jobs in parallel to execute everything much faster we'll look at some example code in just a second but first what is the difference between nx and turbo repo nx has been around for about five years and was created by two x googlers turbo repo on the other hand was just open source the other day it was created by jared palmer who you might know from the react ecosystem with packages like formic at this point turbo repo is a lot more minimal than nx nx can do everything that turbo repo does and has a lot of features beyond it like a cli that can automatically generate boilerplate code for you a plug-in ecosystem a vs code extension and something called distributed task execution which allows you to distribute work across multiple continuous integration servers it's a pretty amazing feature from a technical standpoint and was inspired by bazel on one hand it's great to have all these features but on the other hand it might be a little more than you actually need nx has been criticized for requiring too much configuration although i don't necessarily agree with that if you're only using the core nx features that configuration is actually very minimal that being said turbo repo feels like a tool that goes out of its way to get out of your way for example if you're already using yarn or npm workspaces all you have to do is add a few lines of configuration to your package json and you now have a magically super fast mono repo when it comes to dependencies both tools visualize the dependency graph although nx does a much better job of this but again it's had a lot more time to bake in the oven another cool thing that both of them do is remote caching with turbo repo when it caches something it can also cache those files on for cell that means if bob builds the application then alice checks it out on a different computer the entire cache can be downloaded remotely instead of wastefully rebuilding and recomputing everything in the mono repo and that can save a huge amount of time for a large organization the final comparison point i want to make is that turbo repo is written in go while nx is written in typescript in theory this could result in faster startup times when running turbo repo but the underlying language is not where the performance gains come from it depends on when the computations take place and how they're cached but i'd be interested to see some benchmarks between these two tools now it's time for you to build your first monorepo i already have a video on nx if you want to check that out but today we're going to take a first look at turbo repo you can add it to an existing monorepo or they also have a template to start from scratch run npx create turbo from the command line and that should bring up a menu with some gradient text that says turbo repo it'll give you the option for a package manager and i'll go with yarn as the default when we open up the project in vs code you'll see that we have two root level directories for apps and packages where apps are the actual applications you deploy like a next.js or react app for example and packages are the different configurations utilities and ui libraries that those apps depend on now if we open up the root level package json you'll notice we have workspaces set up for apps and packages there as well then towards the bottom you'll notice the turbo configuration this is where you configure a pipeline to run tasks efficiently normally in a mono repo everything runs one by one you do all your linting first then you do all your builds then your testing and finally your deployments with a pipeline you can explicitly tell turbo what a task depends on like you can run lint whenever but to run your build you'll want to make sure that all the dependencies have been built first the carrot symbol refers to dependencies then to test the application we'll want to make sure that the build has completed and to deploy will ensure that build test and lint have all been completed a pipeline like this allows you to condense the timeline and utilize more cpu resources to deliver faster builds and that's pretty much all it takes to get started we can now build or develop all of our apps in parallel if we run yarn run dev it serves both of the next js applications in this repo at the same time in the terminal you can see where it's using the cache in the browser you get two apps running at the same time without having to deal with multiple processes an interesting thing to notice here is that if we go into the package json and one of the applications you'll notice that it has dependencies like ui that are linked to a star character and the same for config and ts config these are dependencies that live in the monorepo under the packages directory what's cool about this is that if we go into our ui package and make a change the change will be reflected instantly in both applications at the same time there's no need to recompile and reinstall a dependency everything is continuously integrated into the entire code base and the awesome thing about turbo is that everything becomes much faster by default like if we run the build command the first time around might take a couple minutes but when we run it a second time everything will be cached and that run might only take a few hundred milliseconds at least in theory there's a bug on windows right now that's ruining my video but normally this build would be done in a matter of milliseconds i blame myself for not using linux to summarize mono repos can be an awesome tool when you have a large complex project the great thing about tools like turbo and nx is that they dramatically lower the barrier of entry to scale a massive code base a mono repo might be overkill for your blog but if you're the technical co-founder of a company it's definitely an approach to building software that you want to be aware of i'm going to go ahead and wrap things up there if you want access to more advanced javascript development content consider becoming a pro member at fireship io thanks for watching and i will see you in the next one

  Top Comments:
  1. @kmmuntasir: Dude I've been watching your videos for a long time now. But you mentioned your Nx tutorial from 6 years ago, and I went and watched that, and suddenly your voice from 2020 hit me, it's changed so much!
  2. @0nefinity: ULTIMATIVELY YOU ARE THE MONOREPO
  3. @sh856531: Web development is really just a story of developers creating mess to fix the mess they created. It's almost parody at this point
  4. @zyptoskid: so vendoring is cool again?
  5. @utkarshpandey6471: How do you deploy monorepos :(
  6. @Rob-rg6kr: This is all web focused. What about c++ or other projects? Not using node but maybe still needing artifact caching etc ?
  7. @YourAverageReviews: Having a monorepo of 100 TB is, in my opinion, not smart.
  8. @kyleondemand: Yup where I work we drank the koolaid of de-coupling and satellite network of independently maintained microservics. My current task for 2026? Bringing it all back together into monolithic architectures, and I’m even planning to take it a step further and bring it all home into domain-specific monorepos, perhaps (though I don’t know yet) all one big monorepo
  9. @Diego-yg7ot: Is the voice ai?
  10. @Mugruokgt: YARn
  11. @marcoramonet1123: Nice
  12. @dj-maxus: I expected to learn about something stack-agnostic rather than JS-specific tools.
  13. @FRXGFA: A cool example of creative build tools for large repos is the bors bot @ rust-lang
  14. @otware-ml: no way fireship video thats not an ad
  15. @GoR503: It's all good until you make a breaking change to something that is used in a bunch of other projects in the monorepo and now you have to update them all at once praying that you did not break something.
  16. @alexisdamnit9012: All I hear is that front end wants to feel important force itself to be packaged with backend.
  17. @athulramesh129: Ads interrupting like that annoying ex? try Blockify!
  18. @BuffRobotiX: How dare you call me a JavaScript developer.
  19. @MooseMousseMoose: Every reason you gave for why a mono repository is good is things I have easily made work with multiple repositories...
  20. @DmitriiBaranov-ib3kf: Wait for Vite+

- WWDC21: Meet Xcode Cloud | Apple: Kind: captions Language: en [upbeat music] ♪ ♪ [Holly] Hi, my name is Holly, and I’m a manager on the Continuous Integration Technologies Team, and I’ll later be joined by my teammate Geoff McGinnis. Today, it’s my pleasure to introduce Xcode Cloud, an easy-to-use continuous integration and delivery service designed for developers just like you, anyone who’s building apps and frameworks for Apple platforms. In this session, we’re gonna start with an introduction to continuous integration and meet Xcode Cloud. Then we’ll setup a project, make a code change, and learn how to use Xcode Cloud to collaborate with your team. Let’s get started. Continuous integration or CI is the practice of integrating code changes regularly, so that issues are caught and fixed early. Adopting this practice allows teams to work collaboratively while also creating high-quality products. A typical CI workflow is a set of automated steps that runs when you or a team member push a code change to your repository. These steps can do things like build, run tests, or any other number of actions needed to ensure that the code change meets your team’s established level of quality. With CI, you can have peace of mind that integrating a change is low-risk and that your next release is stable. Now, to think about what CI might look like for you, let’s take a look at the life cycle of an app. As a developer, you’re likely working with feedback from multiple sources. You fix bugs and create features in Xcode, you receive code review feedback from your team on pull requests, and you distribute new versions via TestFlight and integrate tester feedback. Your team’s ability to iterate on code and feedback productively is essential to creating a high-quality app or framework. That’s where Xcode Cloud comes in. Xcode Cloud builds upon the idea of CI while connecting the dots between Apple developer tools to provide you with the complete development pipeline to build, test, distribute, collect feedback, and quickly iterate on your projects. Let’s take a tour of the features to learn about what you can do. You spend most of your time developing in Xcode, and Xcode Cloud is right there in Xcode. Here, you can see Xcode Cloud in action. There are multiple workflows set up and builds are running and catching issues. You also get a new insight into all of the work your team is doing. A workflow is a configuration that tells Xcode Cloud which actions to perform and when to perform them. You can breeze through the easy onboarding and get your first workflow up and running quickly. Then you can come back and edit it, or make new workflows to support different use cases. The result of running a workflow is called a build. Xcode Cloud runs builds in Apple managed Cloud infrastructure that provides code signing and access to multiple operating system versions and Xcode releases. When you click on your app in the Cloud tab of the report navigator, you can view the status of all of your workflows and the latest builds in the sidebar. Clicking your app also opens the build group overview, which shows all of your builds organized by the way your development team works, not just by workflow but also by git branch, allowing you to use one workflow for many branches but still see the results separately. You can also filter down the list to see only builds started by your code changes, by clicking the Mine filter above the overview... or by selecting the person icon in the report navigator. One level down from the build group overview is the build report for a single run of a workflow. This is where you can deep-dive into the results specific to your code change. You can view test reports, logs, and jump directly into the code that caused an issue. Geoff will go into more details of the build report later. Everything we just saw is not only available in Xcode, but it’s also available in App Store Connect. This includes starting and viewing builds, managing workflows, viewing and downloading artifacts, sharing results with your team, and managing notification settings. And if you’re already working in TestFlight, Xcode Cloud is the tab right next door in App Store Connect for quick access. In App Store Connect, you can also set up your personal I like to set up Slack notifications for failing builds so I can continue working after pushing my code but get alerted quickly if there’s something to fix. Everyone on your team can set up notifications that work best for them. Whether you’re on the go, or want visibility into builds of a project you don’t have set up in Xcode, or you’re a member of a team who isn’t committing code to a project, Xcode Cloud in App Store Connect provides a fully-featured web-based experience. When we created Xcode Cloud, we designed it for your development process and for collaboration with your team, but it has also been built with privacy at its core. Your source code is the heart of your project. That’s why all aspects of Xcode Cloud are designed to ensure that your data is protected. Build environments are temporary. Workloads are completely isolated, and environments are torn down and created from scratch between builds. Source code is never stored. Xcode Cloud fetches your code only within the temporary build environment. Build data is encrypted at rest and stored in a dedicated CloudKit database. And you’re in control of your data. You can delete your data at any time, and it will be completely removed from the system. Now that I’ve introduced Xcode Cloud, I’m gonna hand it over to Geoff to walk through getting set up. [Geoff] Let’s get started onboarding to Xcode Cloud. It takes only a few simple steps to get started thanks to the powerful integration with Xcode. The process begins by visiting the Xcode Cloud section of the product menu and selecting Create Workflow. Next, I select which app I’d like to onboard from these options detected for my local project. Today, I’ll pick this new smoothie ordering app my team is developing called “Fruta.” The app supports both iOS and macOS, and we’ll onboard both platforms together at once. Our app begins with a default first workflow created automatically for me. By inspecting my local project, Xcode Cloud can tailor these initial workflow settings to match my team’s existing configurations. Workflows are made up of a start condition, an environment, the set of actions to be performed, and post-actions such as deployments and notifications. And I can see Xcode Cloud selected every push to the main branch as the start condition, the latest released Xcode for my environment, and archive actions for both iOS and macOS. I have the option of changing these settings, but this looks good to me, so I’ll continue on. For a deep dive into workflow editing, check out the “Explore Xcode Cloud Workflows” session later in the conference. Next, I’ll authorize Xcode Cloud to access my source code. This is a one-time action covering all source repositories required to build my project including the primary repo, any submodules, and private Swift packages. For any publicly accessible repositories, no additional authorization is necessary. Xcode Cloud discovered the two private repos within my project, so, next, we’ll grant explicit permissions to GitHub where the source is hosted. Clicking Grant Access takes me to App Store Connect with more details about the next steps. It’s important to note that this process will vary depending on the source provider, and I can revoke access at any time for any reason. Granting source code access to Xcode Cloud is completed on the web, and this assistant guides me through the process. First, I connect my Apple ID with my source account, which is used to enable a personalized experience in Xcode Cloud. This step leverages the provider’s native authentication flow and Xcode Cloud’s secure encryption, so I know my code and personal information remain protected. Then I install the Xcode Cloud application to my GitHub organization, enabling access to the repos I select. Great! With those steps complete, my GitHub account is all set. Let’s finish the onboarding in Xcode locally. Repositories are ready. I’ll continue. In the final step, Xcode Cloud will offer to register my application and bundle ID to App Store Connect. Our application is already created, so I’ll just confirm the details here. Everything looks good. Now that my app is configured for Xcode Cloud, I can wrap up the onboarding process, which will kick off my first build. Looks like my first build is finished. Let’s take a deeper look at the results. The build group overview shows my active and completed builds at a glance, and clicking the first entry opens up the overview page for our build. This overview shows me brief details about the build such as durations and environment configurations, with the lower section showing me the status of all actions and post-actions involved. Also, the top-right has helpful buttons to rebuild the run again, and check out this revision in my local environment. Leaving the overview and expanding an action node, such as the passing “Archive-iOS” one shows the summary of this specific action. And within the view, I can find logs and artifacts produced by this run. The logs page neatly organizes all the tasks within this action, with filters available at the top to focus on areas that need attention. I also have easy access to binaries, log files, and other artifacts produced by my build in the artifacts page. This all makes for a very convenient way for my teammates and I to access our CI content right here in Xcode. Now let’s investigate why the Mac archive action failed by visiting the action summary. Similar to the logs view, I can filter these issues by type for efficient triage. Looks like our first CI build caught an import issue I previously missed for our Mac app, and since I’m triaging my results in Xcode, I can use this jump button within an issue to navigate directly to the code I need to fix. I’ll make a quick code change to clean things up. And I want our CI builds to get off to a good start, so I’ll go ahead and commit and push it to my remote repository. And right after I push my change, I see Xcode Cloud has started a new build for me. And I can continue to follow along with all my changes live. I’m pretty excited with my quick progress. By running our CI builds on Apple’s Cloud Infrastructure, our team will collaborate on our project more efficiently than ever. Now, back to Holly to join in on the fun. Thanks, Geoff, for getting Xcode Cloud set up and running for our project Fruta. As a member of the same team, I can open the Fruta Xcode project on my Mac and see all of the workflows and builds that Geoff and the rest of our team have been working on. Here in the report navigator on the Cloud tab when I click on my project name, because workflows are shared within teams, I can see the default workflow that Geoff just created. It looks like Build 2 that Geoff started when he fixed the import error has completed successfully. Now that we have a passing build, let’s edit the workflow to see what it does, and find out what improvements we can make to get additional coverage for Fruta. I can right-click on the workflow name and select Edit Workflow. Let’s start by giving the workflow a more descriptive name. Let’s call this workflow “Releases” since we’re gonna be building and testing a couple of branches we use for our releases. Now, let’s edit the start condition. I’ll select the start condition section from the sidebar to bring up the configuration. Remember, the start condition defines what needs to happen to cause the workflow to run. The default is set to start when a code change is pushed to your main branch. My team also uses a release branch, so let’s go ahead and add that here too. I just click on the plus button in the custom branches section and type my branch name in the table row. That looks good for the start condition. Now let’s move on to actions. The default workflow automatically creates archive actions for all platforms that my project runs on. This is a great foundation to build upon, but to add some additional coverage, I’d like to add some tests here. I click the plus button to the right of the Actions header in the sidebar and select the Test action type. For the Test action, I can select the platform-- let’s do iOS-- then select the correct scheme, Fruta iOS in our case. In the sidebar, there’s still a red X next to our new Test action because we haven’t yet filled out everything that’s required. The last setting I need to configure is adding some devices for these tests to run on. Clicking the plus button below the Destination table automatically adds recommended iPhone simulators... And clicking one more time adds recommended iPads. I can also change these to pick a specific device simulator. Let’s choose the latest iPhone to make sure my app works great on iPhone 12. Notice that all of the destinations I’ve added are automatically set to use the latest OS version. I can review my workflow in the sidebar, and everything looks good to me, so let’s save the changes by clicking the Save button in the bottom right-hand corner. Now that we’ve made changes to the workflow, I want to make sure it works without having to make a code change to start it. I can do that manually by right-clicking on the workflow in the report navigator and selecting Start Build. Next, I’m prompted to choose which branch I want to run. Let’s try it with “release/v1” since we’ve just added that branch to the workflow. And from here, I click Start Build to kick it off. Great, it looks like our new build is running. in the build group overview, there’s a new section for our release/v1 branch, and the new build I just started, Build 3, appears here with a running status. After this completes, I’ll have a good idea of how our release branch is doing. Then I can continue to add to the release workflow or create new ones to support how my team works. made it really simple to adopt a continuous integration practice for our app. With just a few clicks, Geoff got us set up and fixed an issue that the workflow found. Then I was able to easily see everything he had already done, and make our workflow more robust. to iterate on both code With Xcode Cloud, you can easily setup CI, and whether this is a totally new practice or makes your process seamless, you can be more productive and feel more confident that your users will have a great experience with your product. We hope this session helped you get acquainted with Xcode Cloud and Continuous Integration. From our team in Vancouver, Canada, and on behalf of Geoff and myself, thank you and enjoy the rest of WWDC 2021.

- TestFlight & Xcode: Upload, Distribute, and Beta Test Your iOS App In Under 10 Minutes! (2025): Kind: captions Language: en Hey everyone, welcome back to NDC. And if you're&nbsp; an indie dev, getting your app into tester's hands&nbsp;&nbsp; before launch can be a little overwhelming. Today&nbsp; I'm going to be walking you through TestFlight,&nbsp;&nbsp; Apple's official tool for beta testing, and&nbsp; show you how to exactly upload your app, invite&nbsp;&nbsp; testers, and prepare for release, even if you've&nbsp; never used it before. We're going to be getting&nbsp;&nbsp; through all of this together. So, real quick,&nbsp; what is TestFlight and why should we use it?&nbsp;&nbsp; We can always check out the developer article&nbsp; here, but essentially this allows people to&nbsp;&nbsp; beta test through your Apple developer account.&nbsp; You will need to have that paid developer account&nbsp;&nbsp; for this. It's going to let you share pre-release&nbsp; builds with others either privately or publicly.&nbsp;&nbsp; So, just a few things to kind of consider when&nbsp; we are looking at Test Light. We will have up to&nbsp;&nbsp; 100 internal testers using Apple ID. So, this&nbsp; would be for your team or your dev account.&nbsp;&nbsp; And there's up to 10,000 external testers using&nbsp; email or public invite links. So you can see&nbsp;&nbsp; here right now we have internal, but you can also&nbsp; make public testing. Any builds that you do upload&nbsp;&nbsp; expire after 90 days. External testing requires&nbsp; the lightweight Apple review. It's much faster&nbsp;&nbsp; than an app store review. They just want to make&nbsp; sure that you're not uploading anything malicious&nbsp;&nbsp; and you can collect feedback from users directly&nbsp; inside the TestFlight app. Just as a note,&nbsp;&nbsp; TestFlight is also available on the MacOss as well&nbsp; and on the iPhone. So, if we look at TestFlight,&nbsp;&nbsp; this is available on the App Store on both&nbsp; products. You'll just need to receive a code from&nbsp;&nbsp; somebody. You'll be able to download that specific&nbsp; test app. All right, so I currently have a build&nbsp;&nbsp; submitted, but let's quickly go over the steps on&nbsp; adding a build to Test Flight. First and foremost,&nbsp;&nbsp; you'll want to navigate to App Store Connect.&nbsp; And under your apps, you'll want to add the&nbsp;&nbsp; new app. You'll want to give it a name. Choose&nbsp; language, the bundle ID that's associated with it,&nbsp;&nbsp; and your custom SKU. I've already added this for&nbsp; the rainrop run. Once you've clicked on your app,&nbsp;&nbsp; you want to go over to test flight. And now we&nbsp; need to give it a build that I can work with. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; we're going to hop on over to our Xcode project.&nbsp; The internal name for this one is just Kittyame.&nbsp;&nbsp; And we need to make sure that when we're uploading&nbsp; a build, we need to update the version number. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; I'm going to change this to version from version&nbsp; 2.5 to version 3 and the build number to 4. If&nbsp;&nbsp; you're uploading something with the same build or&nbsp; version number, you'll probably get a bounceback&nbsp;&nbsp; error. Okay. And just as a note, you have to make&nbsp; sure that your app can run on kind of like release&nbsp;&nbsp; mode. If you're using iCloud, make sure you're&nbsp; set everything up for production. even though&nbsp;&nbsp; we're like testing, we need to make sure we're set&nbsp; up for production. Next, we actually have to send&nbsp;&nbsp; our app to App Store Connect just like we would&nbsp; with submitting the application. So, we're going&nbsp;&nbsp; to go to the product tab at the top of our screen.&nbsp; Select the archive button. Okay. And we can see&nbsp;&nbsp; I've already uploaded this test before. We're&nbsp; going to go ahead and distribute the app. Now,&nbsp;&nbsp; we're going to send it to App Store Connect. You&nbsp; can also do test play internal only, but because&nbsp;&nbsp; maybe you want to share this with testing with&nbsp; the public, it's in just better practice to do&nbsp;&nbsp; App Store Connect. All right. And we can see here&nbsp; Kitty game has been uploaded. We can even press&nbsp;&nbsp; on that link if we want. Otherwise, we can go on&nbsp; over to TestFlate. Just as a note, it might take a&nbsp;&nbsp; few minutes before this app does appear. This is&nbsp; why I also had version two already on here. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; if we click on the version, we can see the test&nbsp; details. So, we can include what we want the&nbsp;&nbsp; users to actually test. You can also include some&nbsp; like patch notes and things like that. And here is&nbsp;&nbsp; where we can also expire the builds. They usually&nbsp; last 90 days, but you can choose to expire and&nbsp;&nbsp; delete it ahead of time. We can also choose to&nbsp; add groups. Uh we don't have any groups created&nbsp;&nbsp; right now. If we click on the test flight tab&nbsp; at the top again, this is where we can actually&nbsp;&nbsp; look at any crashes that have come through and any&nbsp; screenshots from the feedback testers. Looking at&nbsp;&nbsp; the testers here, this is where we can actually&nbsp; add some different testers. We can see here we&nbsp;&nbsp; have the plus button next to internal testing and&nbsp; we can actually add a group name. So we call this&nbsp;&nbsp; one best team, right? We can either have this, you&nbsp; know, give everybody who's already on our team,&nbsp;&nbsp; or we can choose to manually send these out. So,&nbsp; if we create the team, we can add the builds that&nbsp;&nbsp; they're going to be using. So, we can see here&nbsp; in build 4, which I've just actually uploaded.&nbsp;&nbsp; We also have like the kind of drop- down version&nbsp; here as well. It's currently missing a compliance,&nbsp;&nbsp; which basically means I need to fix it because&nbsp; it's like, hey, you don't have your encryption&nbsp;&nbsp; thing figured out. But if we look at build two, we&nbsp; can assign these people to test build 2. And you&nbsp;&nbsp; can choose like if you have iOS, Mac OS, what&nbsp; they should be testing. Now, as soon as we've&nbsp;&nbsp; created the internal testing, and I don't know why&nbsp; you have to have an internal testing team first,&nbsp;&nbsp; you can add external testing. We can call this&nbsp; one, you know, public group. We can go ahead and&nbsp;&nbsp; create that group. And same thing, we can choose&nbsp; to invite testers and add the builds. So, inviting&nbsp;&nbsp; those testers, we can either email people, choose&nbsp; some existing people, import them from a CSV file,&nbsp;&nbsp; or create a public link for people to test. You&nbsp; can even set a limit or even filter people by&nbsp;&nbsp; criteria. I'm going to actually delete this link.&nbsp; I don't want anybody to test this. Okay. But you&nbsp;&nbsp; can actually take this link, you can copy it,&nbsp; share it to people on Discord. And with that&nbsp;&nbsp; link, they'll have a code. They can open up&nbsp; TestFlight on their iPhone, iPad, or rig Max,&nbsp;&nbsp; right? depending on what you're building for and&nbsp; through the test flight app actually test out your&nbsp;&nbsp; application send you feedback screenshots under&nbsp; the additional this is where you can kind of add&nbsp;&nbsp; some feedback email URL similar to the app store&nbsp; review and if you are uploading a build for public&nbsp;&nbsp; testing it does have to first go through a very&nbsp; very light app store review before people in the&nbsp;&nbsp; public can access it and you can choose to share&nbsp; that link however you want so if you have like a&nbsp;&nbsp; community LinkedIn discord or something totally up&nbsp; to you when your builds are approved approved on&nbsp;&nbsp; TestFlight. You'll want to hit the notify testers&nbsp; button here. It should update and you'll see that&nbsp;&nbsp; your app status has indeed changed. I would then&nbsp; suggest clicking on the build, going to the public&nbsp;&nbsp; tester group. You can then see the status of&nbsp; the people you've invited or for this one,&nbsp;&nbsp; I'm just going to create public link here. I'm&nbsp; going to set the limit to two or however many&nbsp;&nbsp; you want. And then with this link here, I'm going&nbsp; to copy it. And you can send it to people. You&nbsp;&nbsp; can share it on things like Discord. I'm going to&nbsp; copy my link and put it in my notes app. So, I can&nbsp;&nbsp; just grab it on my iPad to show you real quick.&nbsp; And I'm on my iPad here. So, in test flight,&nbsp;&nbsp; I already have one kind of loaded up. There's&nbsp; usually like a little get started or you can&nbsp;&nbsp; click the link that was sent to you and it should&nbsp; automatically open in TestFlight. Otherwise,&nbsp;&nbsp; you can click on your kind of app icon here and&nbsp; redeem the invite code. Once you've done that,&nbsp;&nbsp; you can see a little install window. There's a&nbsp; little description, terms of service, etc., etc.&nbsp;&nbsp; Go ahead and install the app. Might take a few&nbsp; moments and you can open it from here. Otherwise,&nbsp;&nbsp; you can click on the different apps on the left&nbsp; side. You can see the app updates. You can open&nbsp;&nbsp; and even send feedback and then there you go from&nbsp; the developer. It has a little message of what you&nbsp;&nbsp; should test and you can start testing. As a note,&nbsp; if you are testing in-app purchases and I do have&nbsp;&nbsp; an in-app purchase guide coming out in a couple&nbsp; days, you can go to the developer tab at the very&nbsp;&nbsp; bottom of your device settings. Scroll all the&nbsp; way down to the bottom and you can see here I&nbsp;&nbsp; have my Sandbox Apple account already signed in.&nbsp; for you. You'll need to sign in and to test those&nbsp;&nbsp; actual inapp purchases, you'll want to go to the&nbsp; kind of device or kind of your account name at the&nbsp;&nbsp; top and under media and purchases, you'll want to&nbsp; sign out and then sign in with your sandbox Apple&nbsp;&nbsp; ID. Then go test those inapp purchases. And just&nbsp; to quickly note those sandbox users under your&nbsp;&nbsp; user and access tab, go to the sandbox and you can&nbsp; add or manage those users here. So whether you are&nbsp;&nbsp; launching soon or just gathering feedback, test&nbsp; flight is a really great ways for users to get&nbsp;&nbsp; your app and improve them before launch. That is&nbsp; the full walkthrough. Uploading to test flight,&nbsp;&nbsp; managing testers, and sharing your app&nbsp; the right way. You found this helpful,&nbsp;&nbsp; go ahead and give me a like, subscribe&nbsp; for more Swift developer content,&nbsp;&nbsp; and let me know in the comments what you're&nbsp; building or testing. and dream big, code bigger.

  Top Comments:
  1. @LofiOvni: Thanks you really solve a headache for me
  2. @onuralpardc5017: hey, when I archive and click distribute app, i don't see app store connect as an option, do you know why that is?
  3. @Buck2901: Hey bud, thanks for doing this, I'm a newbie, it really helped.
  4. @PelliRacha: How much time did it take for you to get approved for the test build ?
  5. @srgorjs: Great vid! Question about the redeem code part, I've had friends I've tried sharing an invite link to and they get to the redeem code and let me know. Did you input nothing and it let you install the app? I also noticed from reddit someone mentioning that making sure the they have testflight installed first THEN clicking on the invite link skips past the redeem code part so would that be advised? Just getting ready to share an invite link to a pretty big discord community so want to make sure I can guide people properly. Thanks!
  6. @aemde: great
  7. @NarveeStudios: You're the best! Thank you for taking the time to explain each step, and heck, for even uploading this helpful content. I appreciate it.
  8. @Ddt-o2e: My build has been in "Waiting for Review" for many days. Why don't they review it?
  9. @Sentineltough: what about pc users
  10. @IamRose-p7m: TestFlight shows the build as “Testing”, but installation fails with “The requested app is not available or doesn’t exist” on multiple devices and Apple IDs.Any One here to guide me about this
  11. @JoshHollowayAI: High quality content!
  12. @bimalkishormondal5302: I built my first react native ios application facing some issues while on first render of dashboard screen scroll freezes button not receiving clicks can you help me how can I resolve this after restarting the application it works fine. Just first render on homepage after login show this issue
  13. @MrGamislife: thanks dude, easy and straight to the point!
  14. @Varun_Srinivas: The status says "Waiting for Review". Does this mean my build is queued for review, or should I do something on my end? Trying out external testing.
  15. @The808Lab: Wish you would've explained the build settings and stuff.
  16. @121GigawattProductions: I get a few errors. When I tried to install it on my phone via TestFlight I get the error: "The requested app is not available or doesn't exist." Another is when I try adding external testers: "There was an error processing your request. Please try again later." Has anyone run into this issue?
  17. @luissantana9384: Can someone please tell me what it means when your app is "missing compliance"? I got hit with one
  18. @ghedamsisabri4991: thank you
  19. @CryptoTrades177: do you have a video showing how to get the app to xcode ?  i built the app in lovable. its in a private domain and now its on git hub. but i need help getting from github to xcode.
  20. @CryptoTrades177: hoping this helps me.  still having trouble getting it up and going.

- I Bought 4 Mac Minis to Run My AI Agents (OpenClaw Setup & Tutorial): Kind: captions Language: en What's going on everyone? This is Kevin from Kevin Builds, and today we are going to be launching Open Claw on three new Mac minis. Um, I've got one over here, so I'm going to be going over how to use those dongles, how to set everything up, so let's get right into it. All right, everyone, so we are on the computer now. We have set up all of the Mac minis. Um, what I'm going to be doing is, number one, answering the question as to why I got four Mac minis to run Open Claw, and then number two, we're going to be walking through some of the basic setup, cuz all these three Mac minis, this one, two, three over here, uh, these were all set up off completely new setup, so I'm going to be walking you through exactly what I did to get to this stage, cuz there were a couple steps. But, the first thing I want to address is, um, you know, why I got four of these. So, I was using Open Claw on one Mac mini, and it was going great, it was awesome, it was doing my video editing for me. If you guys saw my other video where I got millions of views using Open Claw, I had my main Mac mini with Open Claw, it was set up on the video editing, the production system. So, we generate those videos using my B-roll, generates a voiceover, does the scripting and recording, um, does everything for me. Does all the research, what's going to go viral, and it's been working. We've got about 4 million views in the last month across all my platforms, so it's been going good. All right, now what we're going to be doing is, let me go ahead and explain the first thing that I did. Once you're inside your Mac mini, you're going to set it up from complete scratch. It's going to have Safari on there. The first thing you're going to do is you're going to download Chrome, log into Chrome, and, um, sign in with a dummy email. Do not use your personal information on Open Claw, that is security nightmare. You don't want to give it access to anything personal, so create a burner email. And then, um, if you're doing multiple, sign into a burner email, but if you're just on one, sign into that one. Then, once you're in on Chrome, you're going to want to go to this website called Jump Desktop. This is how I'm able to stream it. Right now, I'm on my MacBook Pro, and you can see I'm streaming all four of my Mac minis right now. Um, to get a license on here, you want to go ahead, go to the App Store on your Mac, and buy Jump Desktop. It's going to be about 35 bucks, but it's not on a monthly, it's just a one-time, so you buy it on there, and then you're able to connect. As soon as you do that, you're going to go to Jump Desktop, the website over here. You're going to go to downloads on the top right. Then you're going to select this one on the right. Now, when you select this one, you're going to download Jump Desktop onto your onto your device. It's going to prompt you for the installation, add in some permissions. As soon as you do that, you're going to be able to stream it. And I did this for all three of them over here. Now, what we're going to do right now is we're going to actually open up the terminal for all of this. So, let me go ahead, copy this. We're going to go to the OpenClaw website, copy this over here. Then on Spotlight, we're going to go to terminal. Open up terminal. And we're just going to leave this right here. The other thing I need to mention is once you do the um Jump Desktop, you're going to go on Spotlight, search up screen lock screen. And you need to do this so your Mac mini never turns off. So, what you have to do is you have to make sure this is set to never. This is set to never. It's going to ask you to put in your password, just do that. Go to energy, and then make sure you turn this on over here uh because we never want the Mac mini to turn off. And if you saw in the beginning of the video, you saw those little HDMI adapters, you're going to want to go to Amazon and search up dummy HDMI adapter. Um I got one of the whichever one of these really works. I got a 4K 120 Hz one. Just order these, and I've got about four of them all on my Mac minis. That way I don't have to plug it into any kind of monitor, and they always stay on. So, this is how you're able to always be able to get into the Mac minis from wherever you're at. I just have Jump Desktop on my main MacBook Pro. I'm able to go in and stream it as you can see over here. But yeah, once you do the screen lock and everything like that, now it comes to the part where we have to go ahead and install this. So, we're going to be installing it on all of them, and um we're also going to be touching on open router as well. This is open router over here. We're going to be touching on this a little bit later when we're hooking up OpenClaw. But for now, let's go ahead and run everything over here. So, let me just go ahead, make sure terminals open on everything. Now again, if you're following along, um you're not going to have to do this on three machines. I'm just going to be setting everything up from scratch on uh all of these. So now that we've got this opened up over here, we're just going to copy this over here. This is how you get started. And usually what I found whenever I'm setting this up, I have to put in sudo before. That way it'll actually go in. You're just going to put in your password and then it'll go ahead and start installing homebrew and start installing openclaw on all your machines. So this usually takes about 10 minutes to do or 10 minutes for it to install everything. Yeah, you know, it's it's not really that difficult. You just got to install it. It's you know, not complicated. You just let it run and then I'll tell you what to do once you get to the next stage cuz it's going to ask you a question. You've got to make sure that you do not select no cuz I did have a problem one time. I was trying to speed run it. I selected no and I just had to go back and forth to chat GPT like how do I go back to the setup? How do I how do I restart the setup and everything like that? So I'll let you know once we're there. But this is going to be running right now. I'm going to go ahead pause this over here. It's going to take about 10 minutes at the most. You know, it could take five, but we're going to pause and then once we get to the next stage, I'll let you know. All right. So one of these did finish down here. So it's going to ask you for your password. I'm going to put it over here and then wait for the other ones. All right. So we're finally back. So that took some time. It probably took like 10 minutes for it to to finish up at least on all these other machines. So this is the question that I was talking about a little bit earlier. You have to make sure you select yes on all of these or just on in your screen just yes on on the first one. If you collect no, then you're going to have to go figure out how to get back into the setup, but I just recommend on this question over here, click the left arrow on your keyboard, click yes, and then continue. So that's what we're going to do right now. And then on this next question, yeah, just do quick start. This is where you're going to select your model over here. Now like I mentioned earlier in the video, what we're going to be doing is we're going to be using open router. So you guys want to create an account over here. It's free to create. What you're going to do is as soon as you're logged in, you're just going to go to credits over here. This is where you're going to be um your model. So you're going to go to API keys and you're going to create one over here. Now, I'm not going to create one right here just because I've already got my API keys on another account, but it's pretty simple. You just click create, you name it, and then it'll give you a key. You copy that key and you save it somewhere secure. You don't just save it anywhere on your computer. You got to make sure it's password protected and only you can access it over there. What we're going to do over here is we're going to go look for open router. Select open router, paste API key, and for obvious reasons I'm not going to show you the key that I created over here. So, I'm just going to select this on all of these and then I'll get back to you once I finish it up. So, I just pasted the API key into all of them. Now, what I'm going to be doing for the models, I'm going to be selecting 4.6 for all of them. Now, like I mentioned earlier, you know, this can get pretty expensive, but I'm just going to do 4.6 for the onboarding. If you're just using one Mac Mini, I'd still recommend 4.6. I don't use Opus. I know a lot of people do, but Opus is just way too expensive. So, I usually use Sonnet. And on these machines, I'm going to use Sonnet for the onboarding. Then, once we have everything good to go with train on all my skills, we'll just switch it over to something like Haiku or Gemini Flash. Over here, when you set up your channels, you want to do Telegram. I'd recommend doing Telegram. It's just, you know, it's awesome. I use it all the time. You can do threads on there. It's pretty cool. For the Telegram bot API setup, it is pretty easy to do. Just make sure you have Telegram downloaded on your phone. You sign in. You're going to create a new chat and you're going to at the at over here that says BotFather. So, you're just going to at BotFather. You're going to do {slash} new bot. It's going to ask you what kind of name do you want for the bot? Just put a name for the bot. It's going to ask you for a username. Put in the username with the underscore bot. Then, it's going to give you your key that you can paste in over here. I've already done this, so I'm just going to paste in the key and then we'll move on to the next step. Search provider over here, I'm just going to skip this. I'll just do this later. Skills as well, I'm also going to configure this later. Now, I should mention this. If you guys do want to join the school group to get these skills, Um, you guys saw that other video about how we got millions of views and everything, we've got that skill built out. So, if you just want to implement it, save yourself thousands of dollars in API credits trying to figure out how to build it yourself, um, we've got it so where you could just implement it, get the video system, and you can save yourself a lot of money. On this step, you can just click, uh, skip. Skip this, too. And when we get this question over here, where do you want to hatch your bot, we're just going to click, uh, open WebUI. It's going to go and load us in over here. And this is where you can go and talk with your bot. You can talk with it locally over here, or you can just go to Telegram and talk with it over there. Now, I'm not going to show the Telegram part just because you got to do the pairing code sometimes, um, and then just load that in over here. You can just give your pairing code over here to chat, and then it'll configure Telegram. And then from there, you're just able to talk with your bot. So, that's pretty much how to set up Open Claw on your Mac mini. Um, if you guys do want to join the group, I'll leave a link down below. You can get all the skills over there, learn a little bit more about Open Claw from someone that actually uses it for real business purposes. I don't just use it to check emails. I don't even have the email skill set up, I don't believe, in some of those, uh, crappy features on there. I use it to do real work, automate specific tasks in my agency so I don't have to hire virtual assistants on Upwork, deal with people who have to go to sleep, have to eat, are slow, sometimes just don't get the job done right the first time. I like to build systems where I can control the business and control the output. So, if you guys want to learn more, or you guys want to join the group, get in touch. Uh, the link's going to be down below. Hope you enjoyed the video, and I'll see you on the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @FrankPerkins [14 likes]: On the Minis, enable sharing: Screen Sharing (VNC) and Remote Login (SSH). You don't need to download/buy anything extra.
  2. @jrod6902 [3 likes]: Good shit man, proud of you
  3. @m.wengler898 [2 likes]: …and how much does it cost every month to run this solution on a Mac Mini ?
  4. @Asbeyys [2 likes]: Why buying Mac Minis if you are using the OpenRouter Models, Minis are useless if you dont run the model locally, for that you could've done the same with a 4 rasberry pi
  5. @LarryRuiz-c3s [1 likes]: do you also sign in to burner apple id or is it ok to use your main one?
  6. @HaneezHaroon [1 likes]: Is it okay to use the my Apple ID or should I create a separate one?
  7. @kevenbuilds: If you want a custom AI system, automation, or internal tool built for your business, book a call with me here: https://api.leadconnectorhq.com/widget/bookings/custom-ai-system-build-quote

You describe what you need built — I’ll map out the best way to do it and, if it’s a fit, I can build it for you.
  8. @GodlikeTechnology: Whats the specs on those mac mini
  9. @m.wengler898: Great breakdown 🙏👌
Do you need to do some kind of backup ongoing (Time Machine fx) on a separate HD
  10. @KevBuildsApps: nice username haha
  11. @redlobsta1: why not set it up to use local models?
  12. @TOMMYYIPXYZ: Very cool!
  13. @ZaaZoJo: What do the dongles do?
  14. @ByteExplorer: Why use jump desktop over tailscale and Mac’s native screen sharing functionality?
  15. @159648sentile: Lol stop buying mac minis for this you fools😂 you literally wasting THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS. Yall basically are just paying to have imessage. You could do the same things on a way cheaper intel nucs and telegram 😂😂😂
  16. @christeder: Why four of them? Or do you have a completely local AI system with nothing running in the cloud? Still, it’s hard to compete with cloud services, but for smaller tasks, sure
  17. @SBraind: Wich mac mini M4 is recommended, 16gb / 24gb / 32gb? Thanks

- I built an AI supercomputer with 5 Mac Studios: Kind: captions Language: en 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 Max studios. I'm connecting them together and forming a super powerful AI cluster. Why? I want to run the biggest and baddest AI models I can find. We're throwing everything at it and my goal is to run the biggest of them all. The llama 3.1405 B model. This thing is scary. It's normally run by super powerful AI clusters in the cloud with servers that cost more than our houses, but we're going to try it now with five Mac Studios. Can we do it? I don't know, but we're going to try get you coffee ready? Let's go and thank you to nor VPN for sponsoring this video and making it possible. Yes, they are paying me to play with AI and show you cool stuff. It's kind of awesome. We'll talk more about them later. Now lemme get this out there. I did not just buy five Mac Studios to use it for an AI cluster. I mean it's not beyond me. I would do that, but here at Network Chuck Studios, we're switching from PC to Mac for our video editing pipeline. Comment below if you think that's a good idea. I'm sure we all agree, but when these beautiful, powerful machines arrived, I'm like, you know what? I can't give it to these guys yet. I want to play with them first. And I just found this software called XO Labs. It's new, it's beta, but they're all about AI clustering. Check this out. You can take any type of computer hardware. I'm talking a raspberry pie, a spare laptop, a super powerful gaming PC with a 40 90, and you can connect them together and just have them run AI models. They share the resources. It's actually kind of easy to do. I'm going to show you how to do it in this video, but first I got to open up all these Mac studios and honestly, this was probably my favorite part of the video. I don't know what it is. There's something about opening new tech, unboxing new hardware that just makes you feel joy and it's anything, a network switch, a router. It just makes me happy. Are you the same way? Anyways, I unbox them. They're beautiful. I did smell them one time. They smelled amazing. But before we get crazy, I first want to talk about AI clusters. Why do this now? I already have a dedicated AI server. His name is Terry. I built him in this video here and he's awesome. He enables me to run local AI models here in my studio, meaning I don't talk to the cloud and rely on scary giant companies like Open AI to run things like chat, GPT. Everything's local. They don't get my data. But the reason I had to build Terry who's rocking 2 40 90 GPUs is because running AI models, it's resource intensive sometimes because right now your computer, the one you're watching me on, can probably run an AI model in moments. You could download O lama, run LAMA 3.21 B, and it works really well. You can talk to it like Chad GPT, but it's not going to feel like chat GPT, it's not as smart. And you'll notice that really quickly. The difference is kind of crazy. To get the quality of chat GPT, you'll have to use a bigger, more sophisticated local model and this is where your laptop isn't going to cut it. And when I say larger, I'm mainly talking about a thing called parameters. So I mentioned LAMA 3.21 B. Let's break that down. This is a relatively small model and that one B stands for 1 billion, 1 billion parameters. When you think about a parameter in the context of ai, each one represents learned knowledge. Each of these parameters is a numerical value or weight in a neural network. And they help the model make predictions and then that's what a model's doing. When you're talking to it, it predicts what the response should be. Based on what you're saying, you can actually think of a parameter as learned knowledge and the more parameters the model has, the more patterns, relationships and nuances. It can learn from data or essentially the more parameters it has, the smarter it is. Now a 1 billion parameter model like LAMA 3.2, it's good for simple tasks. You can talk to it. It does basic sentence completion. It can summarize stuff and you can run it on things like CPU. GPU is going to be better, but it has weaker reasoning and factual accuracy. I'm kind of using llama 3.2 as our baseline. We could go lower. They have lower parameter models that get dumber, but they have their use cases and if you want to run it on a raspberry pie, you'll have better performance. I think there's one called Tiny Llama. Lemme go find it actually. And that is the Tiny Llama. It's pretty cute. Now check this out. Tiny Llama is actually a 1.1 billion parameter model, but because of quantization, we'll talk more about that later. You can run it with less resources. 638 megabytes of vra vra, what is that? That's video ram. So this is not your typical memory or RAM on your computer. This is memory that your GPU has. And yes, when we're talking about running local ai, GPU is the name of the game. If you have one, your life will be better. It doesn't mean you can't run LLMs like Tiny Llama on A CPU. You can, but the inference or having the conversation will be slower. Now of course we can go up. So with LAMA 3.2 as our baseline, I'll give you some recommended vra, like what kind of GPU you might need for each Model LAMA 3.21 billion parameters. It's recommended you have four gigabytes of vra. Again, you can use CPU, it'll be slow LAMA 3.2, three B, 3 billion parameters. You'll need six gigabytes of vra, so think a 2060 GPU Lama, 3.18 B 8 billion parameters, 10 gigabytes of V ramm. That's going to be a 30 85 4 from Microsoft, 14 billion parameters. You'll need 16 gigabytes of V ram. That's going to be a 30 90. And then here's my favorite local AI model. Right now, the LAMA 3.3 70 B 70 billion parameters for this. There is not a consumer GPU that can do it right now. You'll need 48 gigabytes of vra. For me to run that I have to use two 40 nineties. And then let's get crazy. If we go one more up, we've got the llama 3.1, 4 0 5 B 405 billion parameters. Now real quick, one thing you might be wondering, you saw me jump from llama 3.2 then to LAMA 3.1, then to 3.3 and then to 3.1. Again, what's happening? Those are the different generations of models trained on newer data and having a few new features. But just because LAMA 3.21 B is newer, it doesn't mean it's more intelligent or has better reasoning than LAMA 3.18 B. Anyways, getting back to the 4 0 5 B to run this sucker, they recommend one terabyte of vra. That's unreal. That's going to be an AI cluster and it's not regular GPUs you're going to be using. You'll be using NVIDIA's H one hundreds or a one hundreds and this is what I'm aiming for with my cluster. Think about the best GPU on the market right now. A 40 90, it has 24 gigabytes of vra. I would need 42 40 nineties to run that. Now just so you know, for those of you who might know a thing or two about running LLMs, these numbers probably look a little off and that's because a lot of these already have quantization built into our metrics. What is that? Quantization could be its own video. We're not going to do that right now. Just know what makes big models fit on smaller GPUs. Now, it doesn't come without a cost. They do have to reduce some precision to get that to fit on a smaller GPU, but they do it in a way to try and maintain accuracy. You'll know a model is quantized, is that how you say it? Quantized? Yeah. That's what you do when you see certain notations. So for example, FP 32, that's full precision, no alterations FP 16 half. Now when I say half precision, it doesn't mean it's like half is bad. We're talking a zero to 2% loss in precision. But then we get into integer based quantization, and this is where it's fun for us because we can run stuff on our GPUs, our consumer GPUs. The first big one is ENT eight. This will make the model four times smaller with about a one to 3% loss in precision. Now I say that with a giant asterisk. It depends. It depends on how they ize that model. There are different ways you can do that and those different methods change how they try to reduce the loss. Again, that's a whole other video, but just know as we go down to N four, which is as low as you really want to go. This is eight times smaller than the full FP 32 model, but the loss is pretty big, 10 to 30%. And you'll probably notice the degradation for complex task like coding or logical reasoning or creative text go any lower and it loses its mind. We're talking ARCA asylum. So many of these models over here are actually using N to eight to make themselves smaller so they can fit on consumer level GPUs. And four is what I'm going to try and use with LAMA 3.1, 4 0 5 B. Now I'm not going to ize it myself. Someone's already done that for me. I'm just going to try and run it. But even with that quantization, it's a tall order. So how do I expect five max studios to run this model when it would take 42 40 nineties to do this? Well, the new M series max have a trick up their sleeve. It's a thing called unified memory or unified memory architecture. So in most systems you have your system memory and you have your V ram, your GPU memory. The new Macs don't do that. They have one pool of memory for everything and that unlocks something pretty cool because you can get a Mac. For example. In my Mac studios, each one of these has 64 gigabytes of ram that's shared RAM that can be used for the GPU. So in my mind I'm thinking 64 times five. What does that give me? 320 gigabytes of RAM that can be used for the GPU. And it's not just the amount of ram but it's the transfer. In a typical system, you've got the system memory that has to transfer data between itself and the GPU memory. With unified memory, there's no transfer. It's just all using that memory. One of these max studios is $2,600 and that's for the entire computer. 1 40 90, just one piece of your gaming PC will cost you 1600 bucks and I get way more RAM to use from my GPU with the Mac. Not to mention it's extremely power efficient. It's ridiculous. The power consumption on a 40 90 versus a Mac studio you're about to see, but it's not apples to apples, it's apple to pc. What I mean is that if you put a 40 90 gaming PC head to head with a Mac studio, the PC is going to win every time Nvidia GPU like the 40 90 have dedicated tensor cores. They're optimized for cuda. What does all that mean? Well, those are the things that AI models have been optimized for a long time. SER Max have not been thought of as AI machines up until now. It's just been Nvidia. So whenever someone makes a new model, they're making that model to run on Nvidia GPUs, you're going to have a better time. Now, apple does have something called MLX or Machine Learning Acceleration, and I'll actually be using that with XO labs, but Kuda still wins out because of support. Okay, here we go. We're about to test. We have our five max studios, which by the way, here are the specs. They're M two Ultras, 64 gigabytes each of Ram Unified ram. Now the first big thing we have to figure out is how do we connect these Macs together? They're going to be clustered, which means they're going to be talking a lot and that's a lot of bandwidth for our scenario. I went with the built-in 10 gigabit ethernet connection. So over here I have a unified XG six POE 10 gig switch connecting these five Macs together. This however, will be our biggest bottleneck, not ideal. Now, 10 gig sounds like a lot, but with AI networking, they normally have extremely high speed connections. I'm talking 400 gigabits per second. In fact, last year I did a video on AI networking working with Juniper, and they were about to come out with 800 gigabit per second connections, which I'm pretty sure is out. So my 10 versus their 800. And it's not just that AI networking and we're talking enterprise AI networking. They eliminate a ton of the networking overhead that you might see with ethernet and T-C-P-I-P. In many situations we're doing GPU to GPU access, skipping a lot of the OS overhead, but for us, we've got our MAX studios and they have to go through the entire TCP IP stack. Now, the reason this matters so much is that our Macs, when I install the EXO software, it will actually take whatever model we're going to use. So let's say for example, llama 3.28 B, it won't download the entire model on each individual Mac. It'll actually split up the download. And when we're running our AI model, each Mac will be running part of the job. But like any good team that depends on efficient communication, they're going to be talking a lot back and forth, extremely large amounts of data. In fact, I'm going to try and see that as we're testing it, we're going to be tracking the amount of power we're using and bandwidth. Now, there is a way with my Mac studios to get more bandwidth, and that's with Thunderbolt. Alex Ziskin, I think it's how you say his name, another YouTuber I just started watching. He did this with a bunch of M four Mac minis. Thunderbolt is powerful because you get direct PCIE access and bandwidth up to 40 gigabits per second. Ideally, the only problem is when you get to where you want to cluster together, five, you only have so many connections and you can't daisy chain all of them. Now, the way you can solve this is by using a thunderbolt hub or bridge, and that's what he did. But you still will have some bottlenecks. By the way, you should watch this video to see how Thunderbolt performs versus ethernet, which we're about to do right now. Hey, network truck from the future here. I actually ended up testing Thunderbolt because I just had to, the 10 gig was such a bottleneck, you'll see. And yeah, that's all I got back to me. But now we're finally at the point to install xo. I'll have a link to the project below and I will demo how to install XO on a Mac for Linux. They do have documentation, but the install is pretty much the same. Really, I think the Mac is the harder version. A couple of things you want to make sure you have Python three point 12 installed. I'll go and do that right now. I like to use PI ENV to manage my Python versions. And then with PI ENV, I can install Python three point 12 and I'll do this on all Macs. And by the way, let's get home assistant up. I'm actually using a smart plug to measure the amount of power I'm drawing with all five Macs. So right now at a kind a baseline, we're pulling 46 watts and that's for all five Maxs. Isn't that crazy? Alright, Python 12 installed. I'll set it is my global PI EMV global three point 12. And I'll just verify real quick with python dash dash version. Oh, I probably need to refresh my terminal. I'll do a source ESH rrc, try it once more. Perfect. The first thing I'll do is install MLX machine learning acceleration for M1 max. I'll do that with PIP install MLX. Keeping in mind, this is very specific to MAC deployments. Notice it is very quick. And by the way, if you find that you don't have PIP installed, you can get PIP in all the things you need installed with the X code dash select dash install command. Okay, MLX installed on all my Macs. Now time to install xo. This will be the easiest part. Just going to grab a gate clone command to clone their repo. I'll do that on every one of my Macs here. Jump into that XO directory and then we'll use the command PIP install dash e dot and take a little coffee break. Now while it's doing that, a couple of cool things you'll want to know about xo. First, you're about to see this when we run xo, the max will just discover each other through magic, I mean through networking stuff, right? But they will automatically discover each other and recognize that they're on a cluster. XO will also launch a GUI for us, a web interface so that we can look at it, play with it, and test some LLMs. Speaking of LLMs, they also have a chat GBT compatible or open AI compatible API, which means that if you actually want to use xo, even though it is still in beta, still fairly new, you can integrate this into anything that also uses the open AI API, which is many tools I use. In fact, I just reached out to Daniel Mesler, the guy who runs the fabric project. I use fabric every day and I'm like, Hey, can you add XO labs to this? He's like, yes, I'm on it. Actually, by the time you watch this video, it's probably already there. Alright, it looks like our installation is complete. Now this is very max specific. If I ls the directory, I'm currently in the XO directory. You'll see I have a script called configure ml x sh running that will tune up your max a bit to run xo. So I'll run that on each Mac. I might want to put pseudo in front of that so you don't have to put your password in either way. Notice it did some things, honestly, I have no idea what that's doing. And now we're at the point where we can just run xo. So I'll run it on the first one here. Xo, xo, xo, xo. And then there's one behind it. There we have five. I can't get to the other terminal. Where yet, buddy? Oh, there he is. Xo, are you seeing this? So immediately XO discovered that there are five nodes in its cluster. Just auto discover. Actually I'm going to stop them real quick. So I want you to see how it rates each machine. So I'll just run one instance of XO right here, a cluster of one. Alright, so notice here we got 26.98 tariff flops. We're closer to the GPU pore side than the GPU Rich. I'll show my 40 90 performance right here. I'm normally right around here, but when I start running the rest of the cluster here, it'll discover the other nodes. And now when I operate one more, we'll see it. Discover two nodes even shows the connection down here and it increases or doubles my tariff flops. Now I'm going to only operate one right now and let's test an LLM just to get our base performance for one Mac. Alright, we're down to one cluster. Now when you want to access your gui, it'll be port 5 2 4 1 5 and this is for 10 72 and 1 6 9. So I'll launch my browser here and there we go. Notice on the left here we can select our model. It won't download it just by selecting it. It's like if I click on seven db it want to do seven db, but I'll click on one B and when I start typing, it'll try and download it. So I'll just say, Hey, how are you doing? Downloading it now and cool, it's working now. And then notice right here we have our performance. It's documenting for us. And what you want to focus on is the tokens per second. Let's say, tell me a scary story about computers. So averaging about 117 tokens per second just by itself, given that this is a small model and one of these Mac studios can run that, no problem, no sweat. Now what I want to test now is the network bottleneck. If I introduce the other four Mac into a cluster and we divide up the jobs, what will happen? What will it look like? Let's do that now. So I'm actually going to delete the model here and go add my other Macs. That's what I'm, watch 'em come up here. We got two, three. Clustering together is so easy. Four and five notes. Let's test it out. Now I'll go ahead and start talking to it to download the model. It's downloading. It looks like the entire model on each one. So maybe I was wrong about that or maybe there's a bug, I don't know. But either way, we can see our clusters working because it's obviously downloading on every one. Let's try and do that same prompt as before, telling me a scary story about computers. So wow, the bandwidth limitations are massive 29 tokens per second versus the 117 we were doing before. So speed is not going to be our friend here. I expected that. What I'm more excited about is the amount of RAM we have and being able to run bigger models. Hey, guess what time it is? Coffee break time. During this break, I want to tell you about my sponsor nor VPN. Now hold on, before you click that little fast forward button, just know they make videos like this possible. So please show them some love because I want to tell you three ways I use A VPN right now. Number one, I use it to give me a bit of anonymity. When you're accessing a website, many websites will use your public IP address to identify who you are. They'll use different tracking techniques. Essentially when you're stepping around on the internet, you're leaving a footprint and they're tracking that. So I'll use North PN to hide me and also kind of tricking websites to think I'm someone else. It's a great tool for IT people to quickly change who you are, your identity online. Number two, watch a ton of movies. Did you know that Japan, Netflix looks different from American Netflix, same goes for UK and other regions, but if you're using nor VPN, you can quickly put yourself in the uk in Japan, and suddenly Netflix thinks you're in Japan and they show you Netflix, Japan. Now, you may have heard this before, but then my producer Alex did something insane. He uses this app called Letterbox. In fact, Alex throw it up right here. But one thing it will show you is when you're looking up a movie, it'll you where you can watch that movie on all the streaming services. But he added all the streaming services for every single country. So now when he wants to watch a movie, he can watch that movie before he would just simply rent it when it wasn't available in the us. Now he just turns on VPN changes his location, boom. And yeah, you can run more VPN on things like an Apple tv. And number three, I'll use A VPN to protect myself and my family when we're away from the house when we're using our devices. And yes, that does include connecting to weird wifi networks. Not many VPN haters will say you don't need a VPN anymore on the internet because most websites are HTT BS, meaning your connection between yourself and the website server is secure. And that's true for a lot of the internet. That's awesome. But what if you get to a website that does have SSL, but it's not a good website. It doesn't matter if it's encrypted. One way that people do this is a thing called typo squatting typing of your website. So it might be netflix.com instead of Netflix, which in an ideal world would go nowhere. But people buy these websites, bad people and put up a Netflix feeling place. But with nor VPN, they do have things like threat protection probe. They'll tell you when websites you're visiting are bad. Also, they'll protect you from ads. Ads suck except for this one. This one's awesome and you know it, but I put a lot of effort into blocking ads on my home networks and my business networks. But when we're out and about them, ads are looking at us getting hungry, turn on nor VPN, it will block ads. So yes, using a VPN is very much a valid thing to do in 2025. I highly recommend it. I use it all the time. So check off the link below nor vpn.com/network. Check or scan this new fancy QR code. Is the QR code safe? I don't know. Scan it, get nor vpn and then scan it again to see if you are safe. And of course if you use my link, you get a special deal. What are you waiting for? Check this out. Actually it's a New Year's big savings plus four extra months. I'm going to get it three bucks a month. Anyways, thanks to nor VPN for sponsoring this video and making stuff like this possible. Now back to clustering AI stuff. Now let's see what Thunderbolt does. I'm going to go connect my Thunderbolt stuff right now. Alright, Thunderbolt connected. Now how did I connect these hosts? I'll show you a video of it right now. Here's some B-roll. But essentially we're doing kind of a spoken hub situation. We got one Mac connected to all the other Macs, obviously a less than ideal situation because this guy does become a bottleneck, but we're talking about 40 gig get per second networking between these guys at a nice little thunderbolt bridge here. Thunderbolt networking isn't quite as advanced as regular T-C-P-I-P based networking or ethernet. So this is the best I could do without pulling my hair out with advanced configs because I don't want to do that. So I assign static ips to all of them. And XO by default should choose the fastest connection. Let's see if it does. And sure enough, we can see that the bridge zero thunderbolt is monitored. And before we run all of them, I do want to test one host. Well, not one host. We already know how one host performs. Let's test two first. Alright, we got Thunderbolt connection between two hosts should be very, very quick. Let's feed it a prompt and have some fun. Okay, it is slightly faster. I think before with 10 gigabit networking, we're talking about 50 tokens per second. So it's significant. Let's add three. Join the party friend. Yeah, let's do the same prompt. Still it's better than it was before, but notice even with Thunderbolt, we're hitting that now why is Thunderbolt better, more bandwidth? That's obvious, but it also has a more direct access to PCIE. Less overhead, more direct. Let's add the team. Come on in guys. Alright, we got a cluster of five. Let's see how we do. Okay, that's actually not bad. It's like, wait, you just told me and then you're telling me you can't make up your mind. Let's try this one. Okay, so all hosts are being used. Let's try this prompt and watch the networking happen. So bandwidth usage is obviously pretty much the same. We expected that right now. Let's test a bigger model. The LAMA 3.3 70 B. My favorite model actually deep seek R one just came out. I haven't played with that yet, but I'm going to go disconnect the Thunderbolt connections and we'll run 10 gigabit on the first test. Okay, running XO on just one host running the LAMA 3.37 db. I expect it to be pretty good. This is a quantized model four bit, should be able to run everything. And let's see how this performs. Here's the host right here. Watch the RAM usage. Just go crazy. And the seconds to first token are taken a bit and then the GPU takes off. So 15 seconds to the first token, it was just loaded and the performance is less than great. Now I will say this, we're going to test llama after this. For whatever reason, the models and llama are better. I'm not sure what they're doing. And when I say better, they seem to perform better. I'm not actually sure if they are better. Okay, let's stop this nonsense. Let's try two 70 B. We'll ask the same question. Take a look at our metrics here and let's go. Got to download part of it to the other host. Alright, memory's coming in hot, you know it's not doing too bad. Better than I expected. Let's check the networking. All right, networking testing. Now is it just me or is it using less bandwidth than before? That's funny. Alright, let's add 'em all in. All five are having a party. Got our monitoring up, asking a question. Now let's see how it performs. Oh, got to download one more bit. Two minutes. Killing me. Now this honestly is the most painful part of making this video. And probably for you if you're ever going to use this, it's waiting for these models to download. This video took me way too long. I anticipated one day for this video. Oh no, no, no, no, no. Foolish Chuck. I wish, and I think it's coming. I saw a few pull requests on GitHub that you could host the models locally and then pull those down. I do love the fact that they break up the model across your network, but it would be so much faster if the model was local if we didn't have to pull it from hugging face each time. Alright, now we can finally try it. I think here we sneaking go, Hey, that's actually not bad. We're using all hosts, 15 tokens a second. Memory usage is good. GPU spread across all our hosts. I'm happy with this. Not the fastest thing in the world, but it's stinking working. I love this. Let's test networking. All right, we got our networking monitoring set up. We'll launch XO once more, five nodes up and let's test it out and watch the networking go crazy, I'm assuming. Yeah, here we go. Okay, so we're distributing the network traffic across all the hosts. What's funny though is, I dunno if it's just IF top, that's acting kind of crazy, but it's showing like Deb two is my computer and it's showing me being the highest bandwidth receiver. It's kind of weird, but looking at the cumulative, I mean 64 megabits per second, that's bites. And we're getting about 10 tokens a second. Let's test Thunder Bowl. We'll test two hosts, just as we did before. Let's see how we do. So watch two hosts just go crazy. And performance is, I mean we are using Thunderbolt, right? Yeah. Using Thunderbolt performance is meh. We're not using any swap are we? So no swap ram meaning. So if we ran out of ram, it would switch over to swap, which means it would start to borrow Ram space from the hard drives. The SSDs, which are less performant, not as fast ran is extremely fast, which is why it costs so much. Alright, let's test the team. Alright, five hosts, Thunderbolt bridge 70 B. Let's see how we do. Hey, that's not too bad that actually I'm happy with 11 tokens per second steps being spread across. Man, if we could figure out this bandwidth issue, that would be killer. I don't know how exo labs are going to solve that though because we're at the mercy of what hardware we have. Maybe they'll figure out something clever. Let's check the networking and then we'll jump into our final test. Can we run the 4 0 5 B? Now at the beginning of this video, I did say the 4 0 5 B is the biggest baddest of 'em all deep seek R one just came out a local model supposed to outperform O one in a reasoning. And their biggest one is the 6 71 B, which is just a behemoth. And no, I cannot run that. That's way too big. I like doing the thunderbolt run because on the networking side, it's very obvious that the hosts aren't talking to me because they're on their own little private network. Full thunderbolt bridge connection. Let's ask it a fun question. Let's see if it'll do this. Ready, set, go. Okay, so still 10 tokens per second watching the networking. It's funny and we're not seeing a lot, are we? That's weird. Is it not using the Thunderbolt bridge? They're definitely connected in that way. Am I losing my mind here? I'm monitoring these interfaces, right? Why is the scale all the way up here to 19 megabits when I'm not seeing the progress go, I'm probably just doing something wrong. It's kind of strange. Okay, enough of that. So 70 B, we know we can run this, but now I want to run the biggest, baddest model of them all. We'll see if we can run it on 10 gig first. Now I will say this, to run this model, it took me a bit because to download that model, it is so stinking large. And yes, it's amazing that I can just click on say something. When I went to the 4 0 5 B up here, let's see, because they have it sitting right here and it would start to download to all my hosts, but it took forever. And when it finished, it was still kind of buggy. I didn't trust it. So I wanted to download it locally and run it locally. But that involved me finding a pull request that allowed that a feature that wasn't involved yet. So I did that. I checked it out. I'm currently on that branch. And looking down here, you'll see I have a local 4 0 5 4 bit model. Now I'm not even going to try around this on one host. It'll kill itself. Actually, you know what? We should just do that for fun just to see it happen. So running one host, and by the way, I did have to download the entire model, which I think is roughly 200, almost 200 gigs, and then put it on each host, which was way more efficient than downloading it from hugging face. Alright, to tell me a story, watch this ram load up. It's like, ah, ah, it's about to scream. And then you'll probably see the swap. I mean you'll definitely see it, I believe. Watch the swap right here. We're at 50. Here comes the swap. There it goes. We're going to use all the hard drive space and this is, it will end up working I think eventually, but it's just, I mean we're at 20 gig swap. I don't want to use it. I think I'm almost out of hard drive space. I want to stop that right now. Get out of here. It'll probably end up timing out. Let's see if it goes back down. Okay, cool. That was scary. That's the reason we don't do that. But if we share RAM between all of our hosts, it should be a bit better. Let's make that happen right now. Let's get our cluster running. We're still on 10 gig ethernet. Cool. All the hosts are up. It does have the model running on each. You know what, actually I need to run kind of a special version of the command. I need to specify MLX as the inference engine just like this. It should auto discover that and run that. But I want to make sure I don't screw this up. Okay, we're active. Let's stink and monitor and see what happens. Again, this was our goal to run the biggest and baddest model if you ignore the recent news. But here we go and run. Alright, let's watch the RAM fill up across the board. So it's filling up the bottom guy here, bottom left. Hopefully it doesn't get to swap, it'll just start to disperse it across all the nodes. Is it filling it up here? Yep. It's doing the top right guy for now. So swap is inactive still. Okay. It's just slowly filling up the cups of each node. Alright, now we're filling up this guy. Still haven't gotten to a point where we started generating text. Alright, filling up the top left. It's just taking a minute to load the model and memory. And I think we're almost there just to fully distribute the sucker. It's taking forever. Well evenly distribute, swap. I'm curious about that network error. But it did start, it gave a word it said here, but so far I don't see any swap memory used. Let's refresh our page and try it again. It should keep the model loaded so we don't have to wait again in one paragraph. Okay, here we go. Generate something for me. Let's go. It's doing it. It only took five seconds to get to that first token and we're rocking a blazing speed of 0.8 tokens a second. But you know what? We did it. We're running the biggest, baddest model of them all on local hardware. What would normally take an entire data center of stuff? We're doing it right here. Slow, but we did it. Take that Zuckerberg, take that musk. We don't need you, although we're using your model. So we're rocking 0.5 tokens a second. Will it be faster on thunderbolts? Let's see. Alright, I'm going to stop this nonsense. I got Thunderbolt up and running or connected. Let's run XO now. Oh wait, I got to do my MLX version. Alright, five notes. We're on Thunderbolt. Here we go. I'm excited to see what this does. So right now it's currently not loaded in Rams, so it might take a bit here. We stinking go. Ram's going nuts. Here we go. I wish you'd fill them all up at once. Man, it takes forever to load this model. Goodness. Coffee break. Haven't taken one of those in a while. It's going to time out before it loads it all up. Yep, and it timed out. Let's try it again. Okay, GPU is spiking. We're getting some stuff, but we're not using all the GPU. So again, our bottleneck here is the networking. I would love to know what the experience would be with some serious connectivity between the GPUs of these five max studios. Now performance is not any better. We're talking 0.6 tokens per second. We kind of froze at that. But as far as RAM goes, this is supportive, very exciting, very slow, but exciting. Let's check the network activity. Alright, let's get time down on me. So networking, I mean it's not using a lot of bandwidth, it's just not, okay, old man, let's put you to sleep. You're too slow. Okay, so what I want to show you real quickly though is the performance of Alama. So llama, if you don't know what that is, is probably one of the best ways to run AI models locally on your machine. Any machine, it's so easy to install. So Alama lists. I'll see what I have right now installed. Alma's not running. Let me jump into the gooey real quick with Russ desk. I forgot I wasn't using Linux, which is why I love Max. Sometimes you forget you're not using Linux. We'll run the 70 B 3.3, it'll take a minute to download. It's 42 gigs, but you'll see how much better this is now while it's downloading. I was talking with Daniel Misler, the creator of the Fabric project and he, he's such a great guy, I love him. I texted him and said, Hey, please add this support for XO Labs. I want to test it for fabric. He did it. So let's update fabric real quick. Alright, so here it is and it's going to go pretty quick. Oh, look at that. It's fast. So the model is definitely loaded up. No swap though. GPU usage. It's using the full GPU. So here's the thing with xo, I think that maybe MLX performance with Mac isn't quite there, but we'll see something different on non Mac computers. So things actually running Invidia, GPUs, I'm replacing my video editor's, PCs, the ones that have Nvidia GPUs with these Macs. Should I do another video where I cluster all these extra computers together? Let me know, but it's doing great. Now, as you can tell, it would not go well if I tried to run a larger model like the 4 0 5 B. But this model with my 64 gigs of RAM on my Max Studio runs like a dream, which is pretty amazing. The 70 B model is awesome. The new model from Deep Seek, we got to try that. They have 70 B as well. Let's see how much space we have on our machine here. Yeah, we got space. So let's try and run this 42 more gigs. Whilst doing that, I'm going to run fabric. Okay, let's test this out real quick. Hey, how are you? And we're not using SWAP and we're running deep seek. That's huge on a Mac Studio. That's amazing. Okay, I've got fabric updated to this branch. I'm so excited to try this. And by the way, I'm able to use Fabric or rather, Daniel Meer is able to implement fabric with XO because XO uses Chad gcp T compatible APIs. That's not the command. Let's run this set up. We'll do xo, make sure I'm at least real. Lemme run all my stuff here. And every one of these hosts should run its own little API and I'll run off the main one here. So Echo, tell me a story. Pipe that into fabric. Okay, not working. Oh, there we go. No. Oh, it's working here. I want it to stream to me though. Will it stream? It may not support streaming. Oh, there it goes. Oh, that's sick. I'm using fabric with this. This is so cool. Okay, that's so cool Daniel, thank you so much and let's test it up. Okay, things are happening. Ah, yes, fabric. Let's take in a minute, but here we go. Oh my gosh, that was a quick story. Lemme have it summarize something. Let's go to bleeping computer. Let's take all this text, pee paste, summarize. Boom. Okay, so we're sending it a lot of text and there it goes. Oh my gosh, this is awesome. Yes, this is having a, anyways, that's stinking cool. Alright, let's bring this video home. It's been way too long. XO Labs is very cool. I'm excited about it. For the Mac with MLX, I think there's still more work that has to be done. Currently networking is still a bottleneck, although I dunno how it's going to perform on an Nvidia based cluster. Let me know if you want to see that below. Also, I was kind of thinking about doing a raspberry pi AI cluster with Exo Labs. Lemme know if you want me to do that. That's all I got. I'll catch you guys next time.

  Top Comments:
  1. @NetworkChuck [184 likes]: Get NordVPN 2Y plan + 4 months extra + 6 MORE months extra:   https://nordvpn.com/networkchuck It’s risk-free with Nord’s 30-day money-back guarantee! 


I just bought 5 Mac Studios to replace my video editing PCs… but before I hand them over to my editors, I had to play with them first. So, I did something crazy– I clustered them together to build a super powerful AI cluster. My goal? Run Llama 3.1 405B, one of the biggest AI models out there. Normally, you’d need an AI server that costs more than my HOUSE to run something like this. In this video, I’ll show you exactly how I clustered my Mac Studios together using Exo Labs.





RESOURCES & LINKS


🖥 Exo labs project: https://github.com/exo-explore/exo

🔧 Video where I built Terry, my LOCAL AI server: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wjrdr0NU4Sk

📺 Watch Alex Ziskind’s Mac Cluster Video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GBR6pHZ68Ho




🔥🔥Join the NetworkChuck Academy!: https://ntck.co/NCAcademy 



**Sponsored by NordVPN
  2. @Traphappy-63bc [2 likes]: Been there done that… Pfft…
  3. @CyberSundaysWithAga [2 likes]: Yes, please do it🎉 I would love to see Exo running all nodes incliding Raspberry Pis and Linux  PC.
  4. @Cementmaylus [1 likes]: Why use mac instead of normal high end pcs?
  5. @nickladgin [1 likes]: y 5 Y NOT 6
  6. @musicalkjv5937: Lets all switch to Unix
  7. @ReaL_CRAFTLORD: EY Chuck would you please 🙏 get me a laptop
  8. @nelzo82: I like this man , all respect
  9. @obiforcemaster: Yeah, let me drop $25k real quick. Hang on... 🤣
  10. @ALLSTARUNIVERSAL: Ask Apple to include Qfsp28 100G; it's better than USB 5 80G because all PCs on the network with a switch will be able to back up data very quickly, in addition to accessing files via fiber optic cable, and gamers will be able to transfer Minecraft files quickly or use Time Machine quickly.:face-blue-smiling:
  11. @Daniel-l5d6x: That's how the stock of Mac Mini and Mac Studio went out😅
  12. @cubes4ever-y5k: erm, actually the intel arc has 48 gigs vram
  13. @zizouyoussef7944: why it's eating Token if it's local (Host) ?
  14. @Tech-Mahiyan: @NetworkChuck why does you sound like AI

if someone agrees with me pls reply
  15. @CyberSundaysWithAga: Yes, please do it🎉 I would love to see Exo running all nodes incliding Raspberry Pis and Linux  PC.
  16. @MissionIsHere: Legend says his lips are still in there somewhere... still moving... still trying to be seen... 🪦
  17. @PressureCooker69: this guy's ancestors fought in the great wars
  18. @jumpersfilmedinvr: Over 10k to run a quality llm locally and still you get hardly anything out of it. The hardware technology is inferior
  19. @YermitoPR: so like. theirs a worm whole forming in my room now...
  20. @joejoe6949: $13000 on macs your wife was not divorce you. lol

- M4 Mac Mini CLUSTER 🤯: Kind: captions Language: en running machine learning models is a parallel task that certain types of processes are really good at CPUs are not great at running things in parallel so running models on CPUs is very slow but gpus are great at parallel processing so that's why they're commonly used for this and dedicated gpus like the RTX 490 and its brothers and sisters are traditionally really fast but they're also really expensive and use a lot of power and that's why Apple silicon architecture emerged as the next best thing for consumers to run at home that can be used to run local llms for a lot cheaper yeah and I can't believe I'm saying this about Apple it's actually a lot cheaper to run fully blown out MacBook Pro than a couple of RTX 490s that's the initial cost and the ongoing operating costs I'm getting to the cluster okay just just give me a moment I just want to mention that besides the GPU if you want to run larger models you're going to need more memory or Ram in apple silicon terms that's unified memory which means that the CPU and GPU can use the same memory you might already know this so you can have a Mac mini like this with 64 GB of RAM and even the most expensive consumer Nvidia card only has 24 and that's 2,000 bucks right there now how do you use this stuff for machine learning well to actually write machine learning code you're going to want to use a framework or a library for example you might have heard of the old tensor flow then there's pytorch and those will run on Apple silicon machines and Nvidia and other Hardware as well but not too long ago a new framework emerged that's optimized for Apple silicon and that's called mlx it was released I think in 2023 by Apple as a machine learning team and it's supposed to squeeze more juice out of apple silicon chips for machine learning and in benchmarks is showing that it performs better than P torch so essentially it's Apple's answer to nvidia's Cuda and this allows something like this tiny Mac Mini to run mlx and have pretty good performance now since machine learning takes advantage of parallelism and it's parallel in nature running several Macs in parallel should theoretically even better distribute the load right well theoretically it should so that's why I set up the cluster to try this out and answer some questions for example is it faster to run models if machines are clustered and I also wanted to reassure myself that extending a machine with another machine will give me more capability to run larger models these are the basic questions that are addressed by setting up a distributed system like this or a cluster you can set up mlx with a distributed communication but uh as you can see it's a bit of a setup and there's definitely some tuning and tweaking involved so that's why I've already made a couple of videos about this thing it's called EXO and it's really easy to set up and get going I already made a video setting this up and I'll link to that down below but this thing evolving very quickly so the steps in that video are already a little bit outdated but it gives you the idea of where to go and what to do anyway EXO wraps up that uh difficulty of distributed computing in a nice simple package for you by the way this video is not sponsored by them uh or mlx or apple or XO I just really like this however I do want to thank the members of the channel your support means a lot and it goes towards me purchasing these kinds of things and doing these kinds of setups so thank you so first of all these are not all the same machine these are the specs of the machines there's two M4 Pro machines in there and three M4 machines with slightly different configurations there are however two base models the the $600 machine in here and I wanted to see if running just two base models is going to be any better than running one M4 machine with twice the ram 32 gigs so 16 + 16 versus one with 32 and also 16 + 16 versus the base model M4 Pro now what's incredible here is that all these are running right now and I have all the screens up here and as you can see there's stuff running on these machines they're not just sitting idly well they're not doing much but they have a few things running on them like the browser terminal uh activity monitor things like that and we are using 28 watts of power for all these machines very low power usage there's multiple ways of hooking these up these are actually connected via Thunderbolt bridge and through some experimentation I've discovered that yes you can run everything through Wi-Fi or through land but it's faster when you're doing it through Thunderbolt bridge I mean on the surface that kind of makes sense but you actually have to test it out because what's theoretically supposed to happen is each machine is going to download a chunk of the model to work on based on its capabilities this is determined automatically by Exo but in reality there is communication during the model run which can be influenced by the network connection so to set that up I go to network and then Thunderbolt Bridge make sure I configured my IP addresses manually on all the machines I have uh 192 168 1010 1020 1030 1040 1050 and then also under Thunderbolt Bridge Under Hardware I've set up jumbo packets now I haven't tested this out yet theoretically if you have jumbo packets the packets are larger sending more information across therefore decreasing the processing power required to process each packet makes sense got to test it out different video maybe let me know if you're interested in that now a couple of you have noticed that I have five Mac minis but each Mac Mini has only three Thunderbolt ports so if this is my home one down here at the bottom then I can only run it to three other Mac minis so that's why I added a thunderbolt Hub now I do have a thunderbolt 5 Hub here but um I've tested this one versus the little one that I had before which is a thunderbolt 4 one and I so far didn't notice any difference between them as far as the networking side of things now I want to dig deeper into Thunderbolt connectivity in a different video but that's not for this one even though I'm using all Thunderbolt 5 cables here and two of these machines are capable with Thunderbolt 5 let's just assume it's a thunderbolt 4 system which has an improvement over regular Wi-Fi and land anyway we're going to start out with some smaller models as proof of concept and I'm going to run EXO here so this is llama 3.21 billion parameter one and it's small and it's fast let's say hello to it and we get 90 tokens per second right uh story so yeah if it's sustained it's about 73 tokens per second that's pretty fast it's pretty good so about 70 tokens sustained and this is running on the M4 Mac Mini base model no problem fitting that in there because it's a tiny tiny any model now for comparison running this on the M4 Pro chip is giving me a close to 100 tokens per second 96 95 94 so quite a bit better just to give you a baseline of the differences between the two machines because those two chips have different memory bandwidths and memory bandwidth not the size here because the Size Doesn't Matter we've taken that out of the equation cuz it's a one billion parameter model which is small here the memory bandwidth is what's showing through memory bandwidth plays a huge role in how quickly these things generate tokens and I made a whole video on bandwidth you can check it out I'll link to it down below all right so going back to our example with running it on one base model and getting 70 tokens per second I'm now going to start up EXO on two base models so now you'll see that I have two nodes running here Mac Mini 16 gigs and another Mac Mini with 16 gigs together not too much power but let's see if we get a speed Improvement so I'm going to run the same llama 3 .21 billion and we're getting 45 tokens per second considerably worse this time around and this is happening because the connections on the back both the base models are going through the Thunderbolt Hub I found out that this plays a rle and it's a negative consequence unfortunately so now I've connected the two machines directly to each other with Thunderbolt all right ready watch this 87 right uh story 82 83 87 99 100 tokens per second it was 73 sustained when it was running on one machine now we're getting 95 same model same prompt when it's two machines connected together via Thunderbolt not Wi-Fi so let's see if we can get the same kind of result by using one of the other machines look we're looking to beat 95 tokens per second here I'm going to head over to Mac Mini 4 cuz that's the one that that's also an M4 chip but it has 32 gigs of RAM and let's run that all right all right so we're getting 89 here let's do a sustained I have a feeling it's going to be yeah there it is so it's 7374 tokens per second clearly the amount of ram didn't have any effect on this we're still dealing with the M4 chip so this kind of proves that we're limited by the M4 chip and not the ram in this case so we can kind of conclude that getting one base model M4 Pro machine will give you similar performance as far as this model and tokens per second that two M4 base models will give you and finally machine 3 right a story so we're getting about 104 tokens per second here about 100 dipping around 97 96 oh come on make up your mind we're down to 93 one other thing to keep in mind is EXO is not without overhead if you run mlx directly against llama 3.21 billion for example with 4bit uh monetization there it is it's it's going pretty fast and we're talking about 281 tokens per second here let's do it again to make sure it's that seems a little high 280 tokens per second that's pretty good remember with EXO we were getting about 100 so if you're running only on one machine that's something to keep in mind as well now let's take it up to the max really push this system hard and see what kind of power usage is going to have when all five machines are just going full bore for that I'm going to run a loop generating on all five machines at the same time each of the M4 Pro machines takes up about 87 watts and each of the M4 machines is taken up about 50 for a total of almost 200 Watts just over 200 now so this is sustained power usage when everything is being utilized to the max we're still using less power than this and this is interesting right here the machine on the bottom [Music] H this might not be the best rack setup folks we're at almost 40° on the bottom machine the other ones seem like they're quite a bit cooler this is the other this one right here machine number three is the other M4 Pro machine and this one this one and the top one are all M4 machines so the m4s are a lot cooler the than the M4 Pros but the one on the bottom I don't know if it's because that's the central Hub and it's got more work to do with Thunderbolt or because all the air is sort of blowing down although I don't know it's getting dispersed so I'm not sure why I'm going to have to blame the Thunderbolt connectivity on this let me know in the comments if you think otherwise let's push this a little bit further to see how big a model we can run so here is the base model Mac Mini and I want to switch this to let's say quen 2.5 coder 7 billion parameters code something boom and there it is it's actually running the 7 billion parameter Quin model which is supposed to be very good at coding and it's giving me 21 tokens per second which is pretty good write primes injs there it is is generating primes up to a certain limit in JavaScript 20 tokens per second pretty good now let's try the quen 2.5 coder 32 billion parameter model which should definitely break try again and it started downloading the model and that makes perfect sense because the model is not locally available on this machine now the way it's set up by default is that each machine will get a copy of the model but if you start up a whole cluster without running anything first like five nodes or four nodes or whatever it may be and then you run a model that might not fit it's supposed to only download parts of that model to each machine but that's not the case here I'm only running it on one right now so it's going to be 17 gb 5 it's going to take a little bit well after a bunch of downloading it finally did it it's it's doing a 32 billion parameter model code something and it's using the two base model Mac minis but it's doing it kind of slow we're going about eight tokens per second here so not super practical to running such a large model on two base Mac Minis and just for comparison it is a little bit better when running on just one M4 Pro Mac Mini we're getting about 12 tokens per second here time to try a big one let's go to uh neotron 70b hello hello it's nice to meet you is there something I can help you with so it's going kind of slow 4.2 tokens per second and that's running on the two most powerful ones I have the M4 Pro down here and the M4 Pro over here that's a total of um 88 GB of RAM my math is not that great but you know 64 + 24 we don't need that much RAM for this because it's a 4 bit quantization but even at 4 bits it should be really fast it's 4.9 tokens per second pretty unusable okay it's the Moment of Truth this is when I get to run a model on all five machines so I'm going to start this up on all five machines let's go with something nice and easy llama 3.21 billion hello it worked the whole thing works nice to meet you 67 tokens per second what's your name okay 69 72 74 tokens per second all right this is actually working and it's working pretty well we got a cluster of five nodes and it's going 74 tokens per second high up to 74 I should say sometimes it ranges but you know that's not too bad but it's a small model 1 billion parameters and 74 is pretty much what we had to start with on one machine which we can easily do I guess I should try a bigger model so because the Mac Mini has only three Thunderbolt connections I have to use that Hub and because I use the Hub there is a little bit of network contention going on there these hubs are mostly used for displays if you want to have multiple displays off of one Thunderbolt Port but they're not really meant for connecting multiple computers to each other for networking purposes so that's why the best possible scenario that I can show you here is having four machines not five so I wanted to demonstrate that while all the these machines are connected directly to each other through Thunderbolt and we're going to go with quen 2.5 coder 32 hello hello how can I assist you today good 16.4 tokens write some js code to find uh primes there we go and there it is it's going and it's giving me about 16 12 tokens per second on average it's writing the function it's not terribly slow but it's pretty slow and while that's happening you can see that all these machines the four machines I should say not five they're all using some of the GPU up to probably 80% of it and we're consuming just about 50 WS of power for all this so overall not terrible if you're going to use this on a smaller model that would be ideal the power savings are pretty tremendous here so why bother what's the point can anyone explain why cluster a bunch of Max is better than just having a PC with a GPU cluster well in some ways it is and in some way it's not for example the Mac Mini M4 has a unified memory which means on chip memory can be used for the GPU given it up to 64 GB of GPU Ram I already said this earlier in the video the biggest consumer GPU has only 24 GB of RAM unless you go for the a100 or the h100 which are very expensive so theoretically you can run bigger models on the minis seeing that that's the case why doesn't musk just buy 100,000 Max well musk has a lot of money I don't have and you probably don't have that kind of money that musk has so musk can afford buying $100,000 $30,000 boards and probably paying hundreds of thousands of dollars if not millions of dollars to run them the electricity costs so for those of you that were about to write that in the comments this is useless this is pointless why not just run a bunch of these well this is why so depending on your use case the machines that you're using and the model that you're running you will get wildly different results for now this is a great concept and I love this idea but so far I haven't found that it's better to run a cluster than to just get a MacBook Pro with 128 gigs of RAM and the M4 Max with 128 gigs of RAM which I also be making videos about and testing so make sure you don't miss that that has been shown to have insane performance for these types of applications of course if you can afford it and get two of these then you'll still be cheaper than getting an equivalent setup in Nvidia cards I can't swing that so I'm just going to stick with one for now and uh hope for the best yeah I'm going to sell my M2 Max anyway thanks for watching it's been fun showing you this Tower fun experiment but uh I don't think I'm going to actually use something like that in the long run at least not yet this is still very early days for this kind of Technology this setup will probably have some uses especially if you combine 4 64 GB machines which I happen not to have but Alex gima on Twitter he showed off his setup so if you want to follow project EXO along I'll link to it down below as well you can check it out anyway I hope you have a good one and I will see you in the next one

  Top Comments:
  1. @AZisk [97 likes]: The M4 Mac Mini is discounted NOW: ⚡ https://amzn.to/3CJnjds
  2. @pokvirus5705 [2 likes]: How does it feel like when you realized you did predict the future
  3. @georgizhelezarov6522 [1 likes]: Well why limit to 32b param model  put a real monster on these.. I run on my laptop a qwen3 coder next 80b with 35 t/s. With over 100gb of memory use 120b+model . The point is not to run 1b model the  point is to run something you cannot on a consumer machine
  4. @OGaurabless [1 likes]: 74 tokens per a second on 1b model is abysmmal for 5 sharded compute lol. Not to mention M chips have no FP8 native like 4090 nor FP4 native like 5090, RTX flies in comparison to a mac cluster lol.
  5. @leejaylisemby: How did you configure all of this?
  6. @darveterdarveter4511: Mac clusters operate using Pipeline Parallelism, which is the most inefficient configuration possible. When you deploy a large model on such a cluster, the process is painfully linear: first, the first Mac processes its layers, then the data is encapsulated into network packets and sent via Thunderbolt to the second Mac, and so on, repeating the cycle.

As a result:
 1. Zero Parallelism: Only one GPU is processing a specific layer at any given moment. The rest of the units sit idle, waiting for their turn in the chain.
 2. Massive Overhead: Every single iteration wastes time on data packaging, transmission, and unpacking.
 3. Hardware Bottlenecks: Thunderbolt 5 is terrible for these tasks. Its speeds (80-120 Gbps) are a joke compared to PCIe 5.0 x16 (512 Gbps), let alone NVLink (~7,000 Gbps).

A single device is a great solution for a small local setup—like running Gemma 4 26B with OpenClaw. But building a cluster out of them is pure madness.
  7. @domiblack2k182: I think a follow-up using Apples RDMA would be great!
  8. @domiblack2k182: Having a rack mounted Mac option optimized with redundant PSUs and only being 1-2 U high would be great.
I think this really could have some potential.
  9. @ricelsouza: In Brazil is very difficult to buy this version of Mac Mini because it’s so expensive here. A 16gb version is only accessible for some people, imagine a Mac Studio or a Mac Mini 64gb ram. 😢
  10. @Sevbh12: Would there be an improvement in performance with this setup with macOS 26.2?
  11. @jconcepcion83: this is really cool, are you able to cluster older macs like Trash Cans and mac minis?
  12. @georgegiorgio: what's the rack used for the Mac Mini?
  13. @CSW76: Where can I buy that Mac mini cluster stand?
  14. @edgargranados1676: I recently saw that Apple added RDMA support. Would be a cool video seeing if using RDMA improves the performance of the cluster
  15. @traviskregear1695: Great videos thanks for digging into these topics. 

I have a few questions.
1.  You mentioned (8:47) that the M4 was a bottleneck in tokens/sec and more memory didn't make any improvements. However, would the increased memory (32GB vs 16GB) allow you to run larger models that the base model M4 could not? is it worth the cost impact for the memory upgrade on that level if I want to run larger models?

Mac Mini M4, 16 GB RAM -> $599
Mac Mini M4, 24 GB RAM -> $799
Mac Mini M4, 32 GB RAM -> $999

2. I have a question on CPU vs Memory upgrades. Your video showed 1 M4 Pro 32gb is similar in performance to 2x M4 16gb. However if i look at other options, Is it better to get more memory or a faster processor? 

2X Mac mini M4, 16 GB Ram -> $1,298
Mac Mini M4 Pro 24GB RAM -> $1399  (apple doesn't give a 32 GB option atm)



Thanks again for the videos!
  16. @hansenmarc: I’d love to see an update on this configuration. How many Mac minis does it take to match a Mac Studio?
  17. @dfcastro: Now, after one year, and with rdma over thunderbolt , why not retest it? Mac Studio is way to expensive and most people will have no benefit of clustering mac studios to run 300 billion parameter models.
  18. @HelpTI: can you please put the dubbing in portuguese br
  19. @daavilefx: Thats the issue with modern solutions:
Fixing muscle bottlenecks with more muscle bottlenecks.
  20. @LorenzoJimenez: Besides AI, what uses a cluster of macs can have? A web server or database server farm?

- DIY Blender Render Farm/Server! (How To): Kind: captions Language: en blender is an amazing piece of software that allows creators from all over the world to create whatever their mind can't imagine however one of the most unproductive parts of the creative process falls within render time for complex 3d scenes it could take a long time to render out a final frame that you might decide isn't good enough in this video i'm going to show you how to use other computers you might have sitting idle around you to speed up the rendering process more on that after the intro crabrender is a free plugin that lets you leverage the power of multiple computers to speed up rendering a scene as of this video the free version supports up to blender version 2.92 although if you choose to donate you are able to use the early access builds which support newer versions of blender crowd render currently supports two renderers so as long as you're using either cycles or ev you're good to go now before we talk about the installation i want to talk a little bit about what makes a good render server obviously the needs change from project to project and unless you're part of an animation studio most of us don't have money to go build a machine with threadripper and 4 30 90s however old gaming pcs that you might have laying around that you've upgraded from could make an awesome little render assistant to your main pc that's not only because they have a decent cpu but respectable gpu that can lend a hand in the rendering process now if gpu prices were still not ridiculous i would say with about 100 or 200 bucks you could go pick up a 1060 or 1070 that could turn an old pc into a pretty decent render server but since that isn't the case you're just going to have to see through some trial and error if your render nodes actually improve the speed of your render times and before we install the add-on itself i just want to talk very briefly on what operating system you should run on your servers i chose to run linux more specifically pop os on my render servers after watching this video from cg geek detailing the performance difference between running blender on linux and windows and while metrics like program startup time didn't mean much to me when i saw how much of a performance advantage linux had over windows rendering the same exact scene it just didn't make sense to choose to install windows when linux is completely free and a fun experiment to try the installation process is the same for the main master computer and all the render nodes the first thing we're going to want to do is install blender version 2.92 so head over to blender.org click on the download tab and then click on the previous versions tab and click where it says download every version of blender that will open up the index for all the versions of blender ever made and we can scroll down to version 2.92 to download the installer for our respective operating system now we're going to head over to the crowd render website and you can find that link down in the description once you sign up for a free account you can download the dot zip for the latest public build of crowd render make sure you don't extract this because blender can install a plugin directly from a zip now let's open blender and then head to the edit preferences menu click on the add-ons button on the left and then the install button in the top right corner then we can navigate to where our crowdrender zip is located and click the blue install button click accept to any prompts that may appear asking for access through your firewall so crowdrender can communicate with other devices on the network once you've done this on the master computer and all the render nodes it's time to test out our diy render farm to add our render nodes the master computer needs to know what ips to look for since my machines run linux i run the iaf command in a terminal window which shows me my local ip address you can also find this on windows by typing iep config in a command prompt window on our main machine we're going to head over to the render properties tab on the right of our blender window and switch our render engine to crowd render once we do that scroll down to the crowd render drop down option to configure our render nodes this is where we can choose our render engine manually specify how much load we want to be placed on each node and finally add our nodes hit the plus button and then name the node and enter the ip address of your render servers one by one make sure blender is running on each of the render servers and once that's finished you should be able to hit the connect button on the bottom to connect to all the render nodes this is also where you can change the setting per render node if you want to render with cuda or cpus only so if i open a scene and hit f12 you can see that this simple cube frame is being split across three different computers you can also choose to disable or enable certain render nodes so if you would like to only have the remote computers doing the rendering then you can disable the local machine to not bog down your main pc now the setup for crowd render really is that simple and for the most part it works as intended however the biggest hurdle i had to jump over was to find how to share simulation caches for physics-based events so for example i had a scene with a particle emitter and a wind modifier and when i went to render it on the network each computer had its own interpretation of how the particles would interact with the wind so in the final render a third of the frame would be doing something else in the other third and then the other third so it just didn't stitch up properly to solve this if you're using linux we can create a samba share on each of the servers that we can drag and drop the blend cache into from the main pc to do this i'm going to reference this great article made by the people over at ubuntu which i'm going to link down below but i'm going to run through it real quick for you guys so first we're going to make sure all of our packages are updated using sudo apt update and then we're going to install the samba package by writing sudo apt install samba instead of creating a directory that will be used as our samba share we are going to point to the folder that crowdrender creates on each of the render nodes to store the dot blend and other related files on linux this is located right in the home directory so we need to edit the samba config file by typing sudo nano etc samba smb.conf and then at the bottom of the file we are going to follow the template provided for creating a new samba share then we are going to hit ctrl 0 and ctrl x to exit and save finally we are going to restart samba to acknowledge our new changes we need to configure a samba password for our main linux user by running the command sudo smb password dash a and then input your username where it says username we will then use this username and password to connect to the share from your main computer on windows we can connect to the server by opening a new file explorer and then typing in backslash backslash the ip address of your server and then backslash blender share we can make it a little easier to access our samba shares by mapping a network drive so it appears in the sidebar of the file explorer now that we've got all that set up it's time to share all the assets to all the nodes go to a scene that uses some physics based emitter like smoke fire water or particle emitters go to the particle properties tab on the left and go down to the drop down where it says cache we are going to click on disk cache which will write our simulation cache to the disk instead of memory and then click use library path then we're going to go to file external data and click make all file pass relative this is so when crowd render runs on all of our nodes it will look for the simulation cache relative to where the blend file is saved rather than an absolute file path that those computers do not have access to once you bake your simulation you should see a blend cache folder in the same place where your dot blend file is located this is the folder we are going to want to copy to our nodes so hit ctrl c to copy it then on each render node we are going to go to the server folder and then the most recent folder created should be our current project but you can verify this by double checking the dot blend file name then we plot the blend cache right in there and should be good to go this process is the same for sharing materials or images or any other asset now each computer follows the same simulation cache instead of creating its own now the downside to this is you are going to have to recopy that folder to all the render nodes every time you rebake the simulation which can be a pain in the ass however i tried doing it with google drive and dropbox a little bit and this is just the best method i found if you know of a better way we can keep these folders in sync then let me know down in the description i'm thinking maybe you could have the blend file on an ass and then each computer has access to the nas but that takes a lot more setup i want to show you guys how much quicker we can render scenes using crowd render my main computer is a small form factor pc with a ryzen 5 3600 gtx 1060 six gigabyte and 32 gigs of ram my first render node is my old gaming pc with an amd fx 8350 gtx 750 ti and 16 gigs of ram finally my last render node is the dell xps 15 we did an unboxing of last year and that's got an intel core i7 10 875 h gtx 1650 ti and 64 gigs of ram between these three computers i have 22 cpu cores and 2800 cuda cores at my disposal now obviously these three computers are not the same in terms of speed so it wouldn't actually be any quicker if crowd render gave equal parts to each computer because then the two quicker computers would be waiting on the one slower one to get around this crowd render constantly automatically load balances after you render the first frame so for example my setup has three computers so the first frame i render it will give a third of the frame to each computer but after that crowd render load balances so it gives slower computers less of the frame to render and faster computers more of the frame to render so they finish at the same time it will take a couple of frames but crowdrender will figure out the sweet spot of load balancing for each computer so each computer finishes at the same time and we're not sitting idle waiting for a slow computer to finish so i'm gonna do three render tests the classic bmw card demo then a much more modern blender classroom demo and then finally the barber shop from agent 327 which you should definitely go and watch if you haven't [Music] hello everyone this is chris from way way in the future and i know past me said i only did three tests but i have a bit of a treat for you my roommate who has a ball in computer it's got i think ryzen 7 or ryzen 9 i'll have that on the screen but it most importantly it's got a 2080 super which is like gold right now in the gpu shortage so he kindly let me set up crowdrender on his computer so we did kind of a best scenario benchmark with his pc so i've got my computer with a 1060 running linux i got his computer with a 2080 super running windows so keep in mind these results can be better if his computer was also running linux but you can see the kind of monster performance you can get when your render nodes actually have some umph to them and if i really wanted i could have just kicked the job just to his computer and then i would be free on my computer to keep working it's not tied down rendering this 3d scene one thing i want to point out is you may think wow you only save a couple minutes rendering a still image what's the big deal why would you spend um an upwards of thousands of dollars to do this well if you're really serious um about it or you know you just have computers laying around when you do an animation that's hundreds or even thousands of frames you can save hundreds of hours and this is why this is so compelling to people who do a lot of 3d work and so if you're kind of a hobbyist you could probably throw together a secondary gaming rig and use it as a render node and that could save you a lot of time anyway back to past me alright guys so that's about it for this video if you enjoyed then please make sure to leave a like and leave a comment down below of what you would want to see next time i really enjoyed making this video because it helped me learn a lot more about blender and also distributed computing so that's about it for this video i'm chris and we will see you guys next week you

  Top Comments:
  1. @vaanssj5 [8 likes]: Thank you so much, I've seen people talk about render farms and the usefulness of on but nobody has ever shared a tutorial on setting one up.
  2. @CMDR-Nymmie [3 likes]: As an alternative to copying simulation data, you could use symlinks over SMB or NFS to the data on all of the rendernodes. With that you could just hit render and i'ts all already visible to all your nodes. :)
  3. @cihankenar1 [1 likes]: Why haven't you done this with AWS Thinkbox Deadline? Much simpler.
  4. @JDas2k [1 likes]: Thanks for doing this video. I'm pretty new to Blender, and I want to do utilize some of my old computers to do a local render farm. My only concern is I have 2 Macs and 1 PC. How does Crowdrender perform with mixed OS:

Mac Pro: Quad Core Xeon 2.2Ghz  MacOs Mojave Nvidia GTX 680 2GB
MacBook Pro: Quad Core i7 2.9Ghz MacOs Ventura AMD Radeon 4GB

Main PC: AMD Ryzen 9 12core 4.2Ghz Win11 RTX 3080TI 12GB

The only version I've found that will be compatible with both Macs and the PC is Blender 3.4.1

Also on the networking side can I just plug an ethernet switch  and hardline my renderfarms together. Or does it need to be on a wireless router?
Thanks
  5. @Synth-8: Thanks for the vid! 
Big help here... I'm repurposing my mini cluster of R6/730s to do this. It should be interesting to see the performance.
  6. @bardosignal: the best way to render farm hear me out, set one machine to render frame x to y, then another machine to render w to z. send the output (pngs) to the same folder
  7. @supervibe2298: Simple just make symbolic Links to that file path.
  8. @Sinane_0: Super slow... Not paying for that 👎👎👎
  9. @squirrelmasters: i have a question have you ever built a blender render rig using crypto mining motherboards with the usb3 pcie lanes for the gpus and using mining specific cards that can get 8-12 gpus working together i am just looking into the possibilities and see if it has been done mainly thinking like the p102-100s which are 1080tis or p104-100s are 1080/1070 8gb equivilants without video outputs
  10. @elalemanpaisa: on linux we don't download from websites.. use the software center and call it a day otherwise you will have a pain with updating
  11. @benjaminguth2528: You can use syncthing to sync the folders - it will create a copy of the files on each machine and keep them in sync without a cloud
  12. @yacinemegrah: is there a better method for when u have, multiple slow pcs, and one fast computer that can help all those pcs catch up?
  13. @Young_Zealous: i bet all the trumpsupporters are loving the hand gestures lol
  14. @LuminaMentis: Thanks! You helped me a lot... but i think an old pc as a nas whit Open Media Vault running on it is much more affective to use.
  15. @underdeveloped4257: I came here for information about rendering requirements Instead I'm getting advice I didn't ask for and another tutorial on how to download stuff from the internet 
oh never mind there is some info
  16. @wagnerdavi2229: PARECE MUITO BOM, MAS ACHO QUE SE FOSSEM TODOS PROCESSADORES DA XEON SERIAM MUITO MAIS RAPIDOS. OBRIGADO POR COMPARTILHAR O TESTE, ABRAÇO
  17. @antonihalainen9099: 😮
  18. @DiyintheGhetto: My question is now that you have a render farm. how do you let the public use it?
  19. @mikecarlson6416: cool video and cool experiment
  20. @laughinglads642: Know of any good render farms for unreal engine

- How to set up OpenClaw on Mac mini (full tutorial): Kind: captions Language: en If you've been seeing Cladbot everywhere and are wondering how to set it up, in this video we're going to cover exactly how to set up Cloudbot or [music] as it's now called Moltbot from scratch, we'll cover whether you should run it on a Mac Mini [music] or a VPS. We'll go through every single terminal command that you have to run in order to get this thing going. And then we'll talk about some ways people are using it right now to deliver insane [music] value, whether you are an individual or a company. and I'll try to focus specifically on ones that are nonobvious or go past the [music] basic AI use cases. If you've always wanted your own always AI agent, this is one of the best ways to do it. And if you're not familiar with Cloudbot, it is an AI agent that you run yourself. It can run [music] 24/7. You basically set it up, connect it to an LLM, connect it to a chat, [music] then you message it, and it can take a ton of different actions for you. It's like another employee that's [music] working 24/7 to do whatever you want it to do. There's even a marketplace called Claude Hub where you can get different tools [music] and plugins that other people have now built for Cloudbot. It's really powerful. With that, let's jump in. Now, before we install anything, you have two different places that you can run this. You can run it on a VPS or a virtual private server, which is on the cloud, or you can run it yourself locally with something like a Mac Mini. Doesn't have to be a Mac Mini. Could be a Mac Studio, some other computer like that, but most people are using Mac minis. Now, some pros for a VPS. It is always on. That's great. You can access it from anywhere. And it's got a little bit cleaner separation from your personal computer. But there is more setup complexity. You have to be a little bit more technically skilled to set that up. There's also a monthly cost, which isn't super high, but if you're going to use this for a long time, it does add up, especially if you want to pay for more advanced ones with better security features, which you probably will if you're using it at the highest level. It's also typically a bit less secure. you are now putting everything in the hands of someone else and they have security protocols but by nature you have to do a little bit more to secure it. A lot of people like Mac Mini because it's all right there. You own it locally. It's not connected to the cloud. Now for Mac Mini, some pros. The setup is definitely going to be easier. It's great for testing and learning and you own it locally. So again, it is more secure. It will cost more upfront. So just keep that in mind, but depending on how long you're going to run this, it could work out. You also get to own it. So you have everything in house, which a lot of people think is cool. Also, if you want a discount on a Mac Mini and upgraded, right now we are giving away 5.25% off all Mac minis with the code clawbot. But Mac minis aren't perfect. Some of the cons are just with the uptime. If there's some sort of outage or the machine goes to sleep and you do lose uptime. All right, now let's jump into actually setting it up. I'm going to go to my computer and walk you through it. In order to install CloudBot, there are just a few commands that we need to run in terminal. So, we'll do command space open >> 5.25 terminal >> 5.25. So, I'll tell you what these are. I'll also list them in the description so you can just copy and paste because it's pretty annoying to have to type all of these out. Another way to do it is just to ask chatgbt what um what commands to run, which is what I did here. And so, I'll copy them from there. So, first we need to install homebrew, which just allows you to install more stuff. [snorts] I already have these installed because I've set it up. Um, but just to show you what the process is. So, here you have to type in your password. It might make you do this, might not. For me, it does cuz I'm like secondary account on here. Boom. Return to enter. And then it's loading. Cool. Now that is set up. Second thing is we are going to install Node.js. So again, just copy and paste that. For me, it's already installed. You might get a slightly different message. If you want to check if uh if you've installed it correctly and it's working, you can just do nodev. That'll tell you the version. Then we're going to install PNMP. And then for the last part, we're going to go to Cloudbot's website. It has a new name. It's called Moltbot. Um people still kind of call it both. They had to change it because Anthropic was not happy that it sounded so similar to Claude, which honestly is fair. All right, so we've got that. We're going to go back to terminal, paste that, and it will install. This could take a little bit, so just let it run through. It will ask you to go through a couple different selections. Now, when you are selecting what model to use, you can choose any model. Obviously, you're going to get better performance with the higher models. I am going to choose a lower model to save a little bit of money on compute costs. One thing to note though is that if you're using OpenAI to use any of the reasoning models, you have to have your account verified in order to use them. If you don't, it won't work. So, if you haven't done that before, make sure that you do it or just choose a different model like GPT4 or GPT40. Those aren't reasoning models. And then it'll work right away. Verification can take a little bit. So, if you're trying to move quick, it's best to just avoid that. All right. So now what we're going to do is go and create a new secret key here. Again I'm in open AI but you can use a different LLM if you want key. We will create our secret key. So now I'm going to copy this. Obviously I'll blur it so you guys don't steal my stuff. [clears throat] But you're going to take that. You're going to enter it here. Then you're going to select your channel. So this is how you are going to message the bot. What I would recommend, what most people would recommend for getting started is going to be Telegram. They have the easiest bot setup. You don't need any sort of long approval process or things like that. So if I were you, I'd start with Telegram. Then you could add in something like a WhatsApp or Discord or iMessage, but it can be complicated. So I've selected Telegram. Now it's going to ask me for my Telegram bot token. These are pretty easy to get. Um you'll just open up Telegram. I'm just going to download it for Mac. So, I've got Telegram here. I'm just gonna search for BotFather. Open. And now I have bot from some other project, but I'm going to create a new one here. Call this Clawbot. Call it Ben's Clawbot. Cool. Now that is created. I will copy my secret key. And then we're going to go back into terminal. We'll enter enter that here. We will select yes for configure skills. Now, and then here when it asks what your preferred node manager for skill installs is, it doesn't really matter, but if you're new, I would select npm. That's the best for beginners. So then here it's going to ask if you want to install missing skill dependencies. So these are tools that can connect to Claudebot so that you can use them. And so this is up to you which ones you want to install, but anything that you know of that you're thinking of using, I would recommend. So for example, I am going to install Apple Notes. You just press you just use the arrow keys, press space to select, and then enter once you're once you're ready. CloudHub like this is you can use um eat sleep, which is cool. Google Workspace, that's good. iMessage nana banana. I'll use PDFs. Yep. And now we will let it install. All right, so we've got those installed. It will ask you for API keys for some of them. I just hit no just to make it quick. If you have those, you want to set them up right away, you can. Otherwise, you can add it in later. Then it will ask about hooks, which lets you automate actions when certain commands are issued. You can always change these later. Um, so it's not really a big deal right now. I enabled the one for session memory so that when you uh do slash new that stores the session memory just so you have that for later. Now we're getting towards the end of this part. So it's asking how you want to hatch your bot. I would hatch in TUI. So just to make sure everything is running correctly, I'm going to run this command cloudbot help. And then this sort of stuff should pop up which shows you different commands that you can use, options, things like that. Now you know this is working. It's set up. So now you can see that the chatbot is responding. Cloudbot is set up, ready to go. So now we can message our bot on Telegram. I have this set up here. So I just say, "Hi, what are some cool things you can help me with? I'm a content marketer." And now it is responding. Now for use cases, instead of talking through each one, I'm going to throw up a list here of some of the top use cases that we're seeing. But the cool thing is you can get really creative here. Like I said, there's this thing called Claude Hub, which is a marketplace for people building different connections, different tools, different plugins that you can use with Cloudbot. So, this is expanding very quickly, and we're going to see a lot more innovation here. If you have any more questions, feel free to drop them in the comments. You can also check out the official Cloudbot Discord. There's tons of people helping there. I'll try to help as well in the comments. Overall, this is a really cool new piece of technology that's coming out. I'm expecting to see a lot of exciting stuff being done with it. It's very new. People just started talking about it like a few days ago. And so we have a lot of room to grow

  Top Comments:
  1. @upgradedofficial [4 likes]: If you want to take your OpenClaw usage to the next level, I put together this free guide with 10 prompts and 10 OpenClaw skills to help you level up. You can get it here: 
https://ben-stevenson.kit.com/openclawguide
  2. @CharlieMarshall-j1y [3 likes]: 5.25% off 🗣️🔥
  3. @Lvj22 [3 likes]: Hey.  Thanks for this video.  I am a month late- will that impact the initial commands that I run? I just got the Mac mini and have not installed anything on it.
  4. @cashtivity [1 likes]: Are we okay to use our phone number for telegram or do we need a new telegram not connected to our number? I also have a chatgptpro account from my personal email. Does that matter? Still would not be giving access to my personal email. Thanks in advance
  5. @TanujBolisetty [1 likes]: I hear about security issues for openclaw .. how to protect ourself
  6. @eric8782TM [1 likes]: Hey I am currently stuck on the telegram and Google api key. Kind of frustrating
  7. @ammaryasir3551 [1 likes]: its enough M1 mac mini with 16gb ram and 512ssd ?
  8. @natesnautical: Where is the document that your following?
  9. @amitlevi3231: Did you connect your Apple ID?
  10. @trojansky2348: Can you do this with perplexity ai?
  11. @bradpayn1839: you obviously cannot bring yourself down to training level..The smart people , well they don't need your help! just saying!
  12. @GoGoWLD-007: Vocalfryyyyyyy + 90s hairdo 

Dude 😅🤯
  13. @vitalii1918: So strange. How is it different from what was there before? I'm sure integrations with "messengers" were a thing before. For sure tools like Cursor has developed are much more sophisticated in terms of how they use agents and plan complex tasks. And tool calling in general is a thing that is not new.

I assume 99% of open claw users never heard of self hosted OpenWebUI as hub where you can have chat with any LLM provider within the same interface, chat history with different LLM families in a single place etc, never heard of LiteLLM which is a proxy software that you also self host and that is where you store a gozziilion of your API keys to different LLM providers while exposing only one or however many you actually need (maybe you have more than one user or want to track token use by your different apps etc).
And it's actually safe to assume most of them are not active users of code editors with AI bells and whistles, like windsurf, cursor etc. Not to mention something more complex, line n8n, which I think is also self-hostable, it's a tool for automation.

To me it makes more sense to use these, that to try and figure out OpenClaw. It does not look complicated, but I don't understand the appeal. I certainly understand why that Nvidia guy tries to make this thing look incredibly appealing. You can tell it burns tokens like crazy.
  14. @joaovitor12full: why use a mac mini? it could be just a raspberry pi, right?
  15. @sheshenainaiheeman8026: This did not work at all and chatgpt kept getting me to errors. save your time and only use Claude for the instructions its 1000x better than chatgpt
  16. @muratozkan8394: I have a question. Assume I have a mac mini but at work I need a program that can only be used on windows. How do i manage this scenario
  17. @mattcarpenter801: why use mac mini and not a basic pc model which is cheaper
  18. @Alpha-Alpha: speak up a bit would be better
  19. @keenon755: 5.25 percent off
  20. @Lyonheart88: Doesn’t seem like it’s working anymore. I’m getting invalid option with the first prompt

- Using Science to Design a MAXIMUM Efficiency Iron Farm: Kind: captions Language: en so this is what a million iron ingots per hour looks like but before we get there let's start at the beginning iron Farms are one of the most basic and essential farms in Minecraft almost everyone has made one but have you ever wondered why there are so many different variations of iron farms and how much the the design differences actually make a difference well this was a series of questions I kept asking myself so I decided to find out I also wanted to push iron Farms as far as possible and see if a 100% efficient Farm Farm was possible and how hard it would be to build the results may surprise you as they did for me in the end this journey gave me a perspective and an understanding I did not have before making it and I was hoping to share that with you so my goal is to after this video you will have a detailed insight into all aspects of designing an iron farm understand the real game impact of a design decisions and can design your own high efficiency iron Farms that fit any situation and finally we will have a bit of fun and push iron farming to the maximum I would like to note here that I'm well aware that there are many more talented people than myself that have videos covering iron farm design even so after researching this topic extensively I still have more questions and as a result this video is aimed at an audience like well myself my ambition is to answer all the questions and cover all the perspectives that I myself was wondering about even after watching and reading the existing material okay so with all of that out of the way where do we start well with the basics so there are some rules behind all Iron Farms there are two ways to spawn a Golem with villagers gossiping or villagers panicking gossiping is really only useful for peaceful mode so we will skip that one completely as is much slower than Panic Farms with panic Farms you need three villagers they need to have SL lept within the last 20 minutes and be panicking I.E scared by a zombie or other valid mob finally they must not have detected an Iron Golem's presence or summoning within the last 600 game ticks or 30 seconds after these conditions have been met a villager can attempt to summon an iron golem which then must have a valid spawn point to spawn it's pretty straightforward but there are some more details that we will get deeper into further along in the video even so with these rules we can calculate our maximum theoretical iron farm rate a maximum of one Iron Golem can spawn every 30 seconds there are 3600 seconds in an hour ID by 30 that gives us 120 Golems per hour Golems drop 4 iron on average so the theoretical maximum is 480 iron ingots per hour on average per villager cluster to achieve this maximum rate a couple of conditions must occur firstly exactly 600 game ticks or 30 seconds after a villager has spawned a Golem the next Golem must spawn secondly immediately after the Golem has spawned it will poof disappear and finally the villagers will be able to sleep but they will sleep without disrupting the spawning cycle of one Golem every 30 seconds if all of these conditions are met the maximum will theoretically be reached but the big question now is how do it achieve or at least get as close as possible to all of these conditions all right so I think perhaps the best way to talk about maximizing efficiency is to start with a well pretty inefficient Farm I.E this one it's a very simple Farm but not very efficient at 3177 ings per hour it's about 66% of the maximum so let's improve it but before we get started I just want to note that there is nothing wrong with this Farm or using this Farm we trying to maximize efficiency in this video to learn about Farm Dynamic not to tell anyone how to play the game in almost all cases a less than the most efficient Farm is the best solution play as you would like and let others do the same so with that said let's jump right into it to increase this Farm's efficiency let's start off with the biggest bang for the Buckle improving the time to kill with this Farm we have quite a long time to kill first the Golem spawns then it must be transported over to the lava then it takes a full 12.5 seconds to kill the Golem the reason why this matters is because of the fourth spawn condition the Villager must not have detected an Iron Golem's presence or summoning within the last 30 seconds or 600 game ticks to summon a Golem detecting a summoning is straightforward when the Golem is summoned by one of the villagers in the group a cool down countdown of 600 tick starts for the entire group but when talking about detecting the Golem's presence it's a little bit more complicated each villager scans a 33x 32x 33 area blocks centered on its feet at a random time every 2 game ticks or 10 seconds if during the scan a Golem is detected then the 600 tick cool down timer is re set this is demonstrated clearly with this Farm here using Nom's carpet mod we see the Golem cool down timer here you see that all the villagers have different cool down times that's because of the Iron Golem detector if it was due to summoning alone the cool Downs would all be the same because they would be detecting the same summoning but here they are different because they detect the Golem after the summoning at random times for each individual villager all right so let's dig into this with just a little bit of MTH using some geometry and basic assumptions we can calculate that the Iron Golem will on average spawn roughly two blocks from the lava water pushes mobs at 1 Point 4 m/s so we can round to roughly 1.5 seconds for the water to push the Golem to the lava and then an additional 12.5 seconds for the lava to kill the Golem that's roughly a 14 second kill time on average what this results in is a high probability of resetting the Golem spawn cooldown timer but the real question is by how much well here is where another detail is important the spawn attempt timer we see here that there is a 100 tick countdown this is a timer for spawn attempt when it hits zero the Villager will attempt a summoning if all other conditions pass what this means for our discussion is that the time between spawns will only increase in 100 tick or 5C steps even if the Golem detection only increases the cool down timer say like 2 seconds the actual impact will be 5 seconds because of the spawn attempt timer so what does this mean well to simplify it let's visualize it as a timeline we can make it even easier by splitting this up into 5sec intervals to signify the spawn attempts any cooldown reset Within These ranges will be rounded up to the next 5c step so remember the Villager scan every 10 seconds but at random times which is assigned when the villagers are loaded so for example if the time happens to be at 8 Seconds then it will scan at 8 seconds and at 18 in this example the Villager will increase the cool down time by 8 seconds and increase the time between spawns by 10 seconds due to the 5sec step now let's look at if the Villager scan happens to align with 3 seconds then it will scan at 3 seconds and at 13 seconds so in this case the time between spawns will increase by 15 seconds because of that second scan at 13 seconds so for our example here are the zones that will increase our time between spawns by different amounts the first 4 seconds increases the time between spawns by 15 seconds because of that second scan the next 1 second increases the time by 5 Seconds and scans between 5 and 10 seconds increases the time by 10 seconds so now we can calculate the expected impact on efficiency using probabilities remember we must consider that there are three independent villagers so the probability that at least one of the three villagers scans 4 seconds or before is about 78% the probability that all three villagers scan between or and 5 Seconds is about 0.1% or in this case we're just going to Round right to zero the remainder of possibilities is then about 22% of the time so 78% of the time the time Tim will increase by 15 seconds 22% of the time the timer will increase by 10 seconds we can then add these together to get the average time between spawns of about 14 seconds this equates to approximately a 32% efficiency reduction or from this Factor alone a farm efficiency of about 68% that's not very good but it is pretty close to our real game measured efficiency of 66% the difference between our calculated efficiency of 68 and the in-game measured efficiency of 66 is due to other inefficiencies what this clearly shows us is that the time to kill has a huge impact on overall arm efficiency hey I just want to take a second to mention here this video took quite a lot of effort and as a small Creator any support you show is hugely motivating for me personally and highly appreciated so if you want to support this video please like and comment if you want to support the channel subscribe and if you are interested in joining what I hope is a burchin in community check out the Discord it right now literally has five people in it so get in at the ground floor while you can that said thank you for the attention now back to the video but if we continue on this topic then the question is how do we reduce the time to kill well kill is not really the right word it's time to disappearance see we have that 33x 32x 33 three box and as long as we remove the Golem from that box then it won't be detected so what is a good way to disappear the Golem quickly well gravity for one if the Golem spawns on a platform one block above the villager's head then it's a 19 block drop to the bottom of the detection range and since Golems are 2.7 blocks high it's a 21.7 block drop out of the detection range in Minecraft that takes 1.3 seconds not too shabby unfortunately we cannot just drop the Golems directly we need to spawn them on a platform and drop them off water is the most common way to do this the downside is that water is quite slow compared to gravity so the majority of the time to kill is actually with the water if we have a one directional platform 8 blocks long then the approximate average distance to drop would be about 4.7 blocks 4.7 / 1.4 it takes about 3.4 seconds to push the Golem plus drop time 4.7 seconds this equates to approximately an 85% chance of increasing the time between Golem's 5 Seconds resulting in a 12.4% efficiency reduction that's not too bad but the whole question behind this video is can we do better well there are two small improvements first is to move the spawn platform to below the village ERS this results in about a 2% efficiency increase so not a huge amount but it is well something the other Improvement we can make is to reduce the water push Distance by shortening our spawn platform here's a graph showing the efficiency reduction for different spawn platform lengths you can see that the less distance the water has to push the higher the efficiency of farm makes sense right well it's wrong or well not 100% wrong but we are missing something important when we decrease the length of the spawn platform we then decrease the chances that an iron golem spawns at all when a spawn attempt happens the game selects a random column within the spawnable area to see if it's suitable to spawn if so it spawns a Golem if not it tries again for a total of 10 attemps so if we reduce the spawn platform size then we increase the risk that all 10 attempts will fail which has a sign ific impact on overall efficiency using this equation we can plot the chance of Spawn failures versus the number of blocks in the platform we use a power of 30 rather than a power of three because all three villagers have 10 attempts when we plot this as a graph we see that at about 60 blocks the chance of Spawn failures is negligible but below that the impact can be quite significant to demonstrate let's try to modify our example Farm its spawn platform is five blocks wide if we make a water push distance two blocks long then there are 10 potential spawnable blocks and from the graph that's about a 70% spawn success rate this will decrease the Farm's efficiency about 19% when considering spawn success probability and time to kill together a reduction of 19% isn't too bad but it is worse than our eight block long Farm which had a reduction of 13.6% when also factoring in spawn success so obvious ly we need to consider the amount of spawnable blocks or can have a significant impact the easiest way to increase the amount of spawnable blocks without increasing the time to kill is to increase the width of the platform the spawnable area is 16x 16 so we can use up to a 16 block wide spawning platform if we then add the impact of Spawn success rate for different width platforms to our water push length graph it looks something like this so as long as the spawn platform has enough spawning spaces I.E is wide enough the impact of Spawn failures is not very noticeable for example our highest efficiency water push form is a 16 wide two long spawning platform below the villagers this will work with a very good efficiency of 91.3% even so I for one cannot love this Farm design simply because well I'm pain and it's kind of ugly there is another problem though when scaling up the farm the the Golem detection areas between the Villager Pockets will overlap meaning that the probability of reducing the Golem spawn rates increases substantially we can fix this out by spacing the Farms out further but then they become more difficult to build and the collection system is going to be a little bit of a mess and in the end it's just simply not very elegant so is there another option well yes but with the caveat Nether Portals when discussing time to kill there's no faster way than nether portal there are a couple of factors that make this work first Iron Golems have a 1.4x 1.4 wide hit box second they spawn in the middle of the block and third they do not do block Collision checks when they are looking for a spawnable location all three of these together means that if a colum spawns on a block next to a portal their hit box will overlap with the portal and they will be instantly teleported to the nether this allows us to achieve the time to kill condition for a Max rate Farm well pretty easily we can space the portals two blocks apart and they will still work 100% of the time as long as we maintain enough spawnable blocks the spawn chance will be near 100% and our time to kill is next to zero but I mentioned a caveat and there is one a big one a setup like this has the potential to cause a bit of lag particularly on servers that said the setup on a single player world with a decently modern computer like mine will be okay so for the sake of good video structure we will come back to the topic of lag later first I want to finish our discussion about designing a Max rate Farm here we have a very nice single unit Farm time to kill is approximately zero and we have plenty of spawning spaces giving us a spawn success rate of 99.9999 and 10 more 9% success rate on the nether side we have a lava blade and some Hoppers so we should be set up for Max rate farm right well here is where most reasonable people will stop with this Farm you will hit a 98 to 99% efficiency most of the time so good enough that though is not the point of this video but this last 2% or so of efficiency optimizations we need to look really deeply into our rules and see what's happening in particular these two rules the first one we've covered extensively with time to kill but the second one we haven't really even mentioned mentioned the villagers must be able to sleep but that must not disrupt the spawning cycle meaning that the villagers need to sleep every 24,000 H or 20 minutes but they need to do this while the Golem cooldown timer is activated not during spawn attempts so now we are discussing our scare method here we have a very simple setup a bouncing zombie this is quite nice because there's no Redstone the whole idea is is a zombie most of the time has a line of sight with the Villagers I.E is scaring them but but for a small amount of time the zombie breaks line of sight so the villagers can sleep it's easy to see how this will cause inefficiencies there's a small probability that the zombie will break line of sight at the same time as the spawn attempt when this happens it will skip that attempt and increase the time between Golem spawns 5 seconds for that particular attempt again we're talking pennies here this is not a huge impact but it is something so can we do anything better well yes the obvious solution is using a redstone clock all right let's pause here for a second here is where I need to not something this video is made in 1.8.2 even though when it is being made up through 1.9.2 has been released the reason why is because of a bug that I found while making this video that increases the minimum time between spawns in the 1.19 versions I made a video that explains this bug in detail so check that out if you're curious the change has no impact on the general concepts discussed earlier or further on but would make the calculations and calculated efficiencies different the reason I decided to use 1.8.2 here is because I believe that Mojang will patch this bug so newer versions will likely match the timing discussed in this video I may be wrong though so make sure to verify the timing for whatever version you are working with with that said let's continue the most common type of redstone clock is an Etho Hopper clock this in theory will be better than the bouncing zombie chamber of death but there is still a problem this is such an incredibly tiny detail that's almost unnoticeable but I feel like I need to explain it regardless and honestly defend why these details will have almost no impact on the farm but I truly believe that understanding even these tiny little details will enrich overall understanding so bear it with me poer clocks can only count at Hopper speed I.E four Redstone ticks or eight game ticks an item our Golem cool down timer is 600 game ticks I.E 300 Redstone ticks so what we want to do is have the mob scaring half of the time and not scaring half of the time this means scaring 150 Redstone ticks and not scaring 150 Redstone ticks here's our problem 150 / 4 is 37.5 items in the hopper clock there is no such thing as a half item what this means is that we must use either 37 or 38 but either way this causes the clock to be off by four Redstone ticks a cycle those four Redstone ticks add up every cycle until the clock offset is enough to miss a spawn attempt I programmed a very simple pylon program to simulate this and the results show about a 98.4% total efficiency again this literally reduces the efficiency 1.6% so nothing to sweat about even so at this point my personal thought process was to try to develop a system which scares the villagers all the time and stop scaring the villagers for a short time during the night the problem I ran into was that there was no way to consistently detect when it is night the daylight detector is influenced by weather and a redstone clock would work if no one slept but anytime someone slept it would totally mess up the clock and kill the farm completely I will say I believe there's a solution to the daylight sensor weather issue which may be interesting to develop so if anyone wants to take on the challenge it would be a fun one even so I gave up on that solution for the moment but we do have another solution that is likely much simpler either way we use a precise clock I.E a repeater clock I looked up the name for this type and I guess it's called a factorial stacking clock but basically we have a 25 tick clock here and a six tick clock here they will not overlap until the 25 tick clock has run a total of six times when they overlap we'll switch the position of the Piston 25 * 6 is 150 tick so perfect this Farm gives us that perfect Farm we are looking for 100% efficiency now we have achieved what we set up for and covered all the fundamental topics of iron Farms or well almost we still have the portal lag discussion this is an important one too since there are a number of iron farm designs floating around which do not take this into consideration and can cause some grief for players particularly if they play on a server now I do not want to pretend like this is a topic I know a tremendous amount about because I don't but from what I understand the lag is primarily due to loading the nether side of the portal link every time an entity enters a portal the game must link and load the nether side this process requires a fair amount of game resources on a single player game like this one the impact is not very noticeable for a farm of this size when playing on a server though it becomes more noticeable and has the potential to disrupt the entire server if unchecked we can minimize the impact of this though with a small adjustment basically Nether Portals have a property which allows the portal to Stay Loaded for 15 seconds or 300 game ticks after an entity has passed through it if an additional entity passes through it then it will extend this timer so as long as we pass at least one entity through the portal more frequently then every 15 seconds then the nether side will stay loaded and minimize lag we can achieve this by having three separate Farms which spawn Golems offset by 10sec timers this will give us a Golem approximately every 10 seconds and keep the nether side loaded I want to make clear this will still act essentially as a chunk loader for the nether side of the farm meaning that one player will be loading two Dimensions which is more resource intensive for the game so it is not a lag free option but is much better than loading the dimension every 30 seconds I cannot pretend to know the ins and outs of portal lag but what I can do is test the different arrangements and show how they run on my computer so we have three Farms an Overworld only Farm another farm with the Golem spawning all at the same time I.E the synced portal Farm which unloads and reloads the nether then finally a farm with Golem spawning offset by 10 seconds as you can see we made each of these Farms with PODS of four villagers in each layer and a Pillager as a scare mob in the middle so after testing these out here are the performance numbers for all three Farms the numbers are a millisecond per tick the lower the number the less lag we can see that as expected the Overworld only Farm has the best performance in the synced portal Farm has the worst at this point you may be thinking that the synced portal Farm isn't too bad since it only has a 30% higher millisecond per tick that is misleading though we're not seeing the whole picture now if we add the peak millisecond per tick to the graph then we see another story completely the peak for the Overworld and the 10-second offset Farms are nearly the same but for the synced portal Farm the peak is much higher so this shows that the portal Farm must have an offset to prevent loading and unloading the nether or they will cause a significant amount of lag every 30 seconds or so again using a portal Farm will still cause more lag than an Overworld only farm at least with an offset is giving us the best performance possible and will significantly increase the efficiency of larger scale arms so how far can we actually go with this well let's push it a little bit this is honestly where iron farming becomes kind of brain dead if you have a single pod m maximum efficiency Farm you get 480 ing per hour if you want a higher rate than that you need to build more Farms you could go with a very simple Farm like Ian x4's first a farm and build a ton of them and it will give you a lot of iron while I really like this design and am a big fan of what en x04 is doing it's personally not my style I would even say that for me even our Lord and savior nom iron farm doesn't fit my fancy not because it's bad but because it's wide and I prefer tall I believe they're easier to make and fit into builds and Industrial districts but that's just my preference so this is my preferred design not that it does not use the factorial stacking clock because well that clock is fun it kind of sucks in real game application instead we use a 100 Redstone tick repeater clock with a counting system I found by Mumbo jumbo this design is pretty cool if I say so myself every time the clock pulses the counter it switches the comparator output the power block then opens the trapo and the scaffolding changes its appearance from ground supported to side supported scaffolding this visual change is detectable through the entire scaffolding column with an observer so we can effectively send the signal to the build limit vertically and take it off as many times as we would like so the comparator switches down the line every 10 seconds with each giving a 10-second pulse then we can build our platforms upward and just take an observer output which one TI pulses the Piston every state change in this way we can just alternate which scaffolding column we take from and we will go up forever with Good Portal resetting here we have a full column from Bedrock to build limit this results in a little bit over 50,000 iron per hour surprisingly this runs decently well of course the milliseconds per tick is high but that's just because we have so many entities we can even double it and it runs with 20 ticks per second with over 100,000 iron per hour more than anyone would ever need but what happens if we push it further well here is 250,000 hour now it's getting quite laggy as expected but can we go further what about a million can we do that well yes we can so this is what a million iron ingots per hour looks like well kind of but but not really in theory this is what it looks like but we were removing the lag after the fact with replay mod in reality here we are very laggy and frankly unplayable even so here it is 1 million iron ingots per hour it's understandable why it has such a huge impact on the game it's not only the golems and the drops but also the villagers and the pillagers plus all the Hoppers Redstone Etc it's not at all practical at least with my computer now we are getting a about two ticks per second I.E the game is Just unplayable but the point is that the concept is valid after increasing efficiency iron Farms are just the jocks of farm build more get more simple as that so well that was bit of fun and proof of concept for something that is frankly absolutely pointless there is a practical takeaway that this Farm the three or more layer design is valid as a concept and a pretty decent Max rate design I have to admit this Farm while good is not Flawless though so max rate is not entirely accurate the quote unquote flaw is that there is a small chance that a villager pocket will detect another layer's Golem's present even though the death happens very quickly if we say that the Golem is there for one tick and a villager scans randomly every 200 ticks then there is a one and 200 chance per villager so the chances that at least one of the 12 villagers detects the layer belows Golem spawn is about 5.8% this is per layer but does not include the bottom layer so for a three- layer Farm there is about a 99% efficiency which goes down to about 98.6 when building an entire column due to this it maybe isn't exactly a Max rate Farm but close enough that I will continue to call it Max rate and willingly spread that misinformation if you really really want a Max rate Farm all you need to do is space out the layers more so that the below the villagers is not detectable even so the more compact design will give you a very high rate that is more than enough for most players and is expandable for those of you who want to go crazy with it P you ask what if I want my Max rate Farm without having to enslave so many villagers well fair question here is my proposed design a single Zombie Farm with four villager Pockets we use a simple repeater clock to make the travel and pause time to each villager cluster 300 / 4 or 75 Redstone ticks this means that our clock is perfectly aligned with the Golem timer and allows us to spawn a Golem exactly every 600 game ticks per villager cluster since we spawn the Golem's offset we minimize lag the same as in our stacking Farm there is a very very small likelihood of a villager detecting another cluster's Golem like we saw with large scale Farms but this is very rare and I never witnessed it if it does happen just reload the junk and it will be fixed this Farm is for all practical purposes a Max rate farm so after that I think we have finally covered everything if you made it this far you are an absolute rock star and I really appreciate it as mentioned before this video took a lot of effort so I really hope you enjoyed it thank you so much for watching and goodbye

  Top Comments:
  1. @YoussefMoh-i9d [1 likes]: so how do u build it?
  2. @devilman2441 [1 likes]: This farm working on 26.1.1 ?
  3. @rey8xb [1 likes]: Someone knows a tutorial for any of this farms?
  4. @lalalasuper1 [1 likes]: can iron gollems spawn on ice?
  5. @EpicDude589: Sonion 😂
  6. @FerinitheBloodHusky: I wish mojang would add something besides iron golem automated genocide to get iron more easily
  7. @davetheisen9426: The main reason the stacked dropper ones suck is because the goal of dropping them is to get them out of the golem check box, if it drops out of one then into another that isn’t helpful, that’s why you gotta spread them horizontally or portal
  8. @ameadows117: 26.1 and this still works like a charm. A caveat, though: I had to put the nether portals 1 block up from where the golems can spawn, as the golems would spawn in the portal and not teleport.

This taught me a lot. Thank you.
  9. @MrZorx75: This shit is straight out of my engineering classes. Good job.
  10. @leiththebard4156: as an avid minecraft farm fan (and a math minor who just took a class on theory of probability) this video is so cool! thank you for the high quality vid and all the work you put into it!!
  11. @itzjayzr: loved this video, explained iron farms without overcomplicating it
  12. @auughhhhhhhh: Does it only work on Java?
  13. @YakuzaX-th2tz: Unemployment final boss
  14. @YoussefMoh-i9d: does it work on bedrock and does the otehre one also work on bedrock
  15. @harbors-heart: What do you need rhat much iron for what are you doing with it???
  16. @fr34kbyn8ture: daylight sensor could of been replaced with the open eye flower and an observer
  17. @revoltpng: unemployment final boss
  18. @FedorTheUser: is it possible to somehow prevent the villagers from "understanding" that they spawn the golem so that they would not have a delay, for example, by "interrupting" (suppressor) the game at the moment when the villager spawn the golem?
  19. @RohanAntony-i7l: tuff
  20. @Tizik_Up: q pro

- Old MacDonald Had A Farm | Kids Songs | Super Simple Songs: Kind: captions Language: en Old McDonald had a farm E - I - E - I - O And on that farm he had a cow What does a cow say? Meow? Oink? Moo? With a moo moo here And a moo moo there Here a moo There a moo Everywhere a moo moo And on that farm he had a horse What does a horse say? Woof woof? Neigh? With a neigh neigh here And a neigh neigh there Here a neigh There a neigh Everywhere a neigh neigh And on that farm he had a pig What does a pig say? Quack? Tweet tweet? With an oink oink here And an oink oink there Here an oink There an oink Everywhere an oink oink And on that farm he had a sheep What does a sheep say? Cluck cluck? Baaa? With a baaa baaa here And a baaa baaa there Here a baaa There a baaa Everywhere a baaa baaa And on that farm he had a duck What does a duck say? Quack quack? With a quack quack here And quack quack there Here a quack There a quack Everywhere a quack quack And on that farm he had a rooster What does a rooster say? Ribbit? Cock-a-doodle-doo? With a cock-a-doodle-doo Cock-a-doodle-doo Cock-a-doodle-doodle-doodle-doodle-doodle-doo

- Old MacDonald Had A Farm | Nursery Rhymes | Super Simple Songs: Kind: captions Language: en ♪ Old MacDonald had a farm ♪ ♪ E-I-E-I-O ♪ ♪ And on that farm he had a pig ♪ ♪ With an oink oink here ♪ ♪ And an oink oink there ♪ ♪ Here an oink, there an oink ♪ ♪ Everywhere a oink oink ♪ (lively music) ♪ And on that farm he had a duck ♪ ♪ With a quack quack here ♪ ♪ And a quack quack there ♪ ♪ And an oink, oink here ♪ ♪ And an oink, oink there ♪ ♪ And on that farm he had a horse ♪ ♪ With a neigh neigh here ♪ ♪ And a neigh neigh there ♪ ♪ And a quack, quack here ♪ ♪ And a quack, quack there ♪ ♪ And an an oink, oink there ♪ ♪ And on that farm he had a sheep ♪ ♪ With a baa baa here ♪ ♪ And a baa baa there ♪ ♪ And a neigh neigh here ♪ ♪ And on that farm he had a cow ♪ ♪ With a moo moo here ♪ ♪ And a moo moo there ♪ ♪ And a baa baa here ♪ ♪ And on that farm he had a turkey ♪ ♪ With a gobble, gobble here ♪ ♪ And a gobble, gobble there ♪ ♪ And a moo moo here ♪

- Old MacDonald Had a Farm • Nursery Rhymes Song with Lyrics • Animated Cartoon for Kids: Kind: captions Language: en-US Old MacDonald had a farm E I E I O and on his farm he had some chicks E I E I O with a chick chick here and a chick chick there here a chick, there a chick everywhere a chick chick and on his farm he had a cow E I E I O with a Moo Moo here and the Moo Moo there Here a Moo, there a Moo everywhere a Moo Moo and on his farm he had a pig E I E I O with an Oink Oink here and an Oink Oink there here an Oink, there an Oink everywhere an Oink Oink. and on his farm he had some geese E I E I O with an Honk Honk here and a Honk Honk there here a Honk, there a Honk everywhere a Honk Honk. and on his farm he had a horse E I E I O with a Neh Neh here and the Neh Neh there here a Neh, there a Neh everywhere a Neh Neh. and on his farm he had a mule E I E I O with a Hee Haw here and the Hee Haw there Here a Hee, there a Hee everywhere a Hee Haw and on his farm he had a duck E I E I O with a Quack Quack here and a Quack Quack there Here a Quack, there a Quack everywhere a Quack Quack

- The BEST Farming and Cooking Mods for Minecraft: Kind: captions Language: en Minecraft mods allow you to turn the game into anything you desire a city building simulator an RPG or a Dungeon Crawler but what about a farming game after doing a couple modded videos this past year and my farming one doing really well people have asked me what mods make for the best farming experience in Minecraft and today I'm going to share with you along with a brief summary of The Mod and how it can enhance your farming gameplay experience all of these vary in their popularity or availability so just keep that in mind as you're watching to start off strong at the core of every farming playthrough or any Minecraft playthrough in general there is Farmers Delight Farmers Delight is available for Forge and fabric and at the moment goes from 1.15.2 all the way to the latest version this mod aims to expand the vanilla experience of farming and cooking it adds a couple new crops such as onions tomatoes and cabbages my cabbages and some recipes that integrate them overall I think this is a core must have mod the cooking that's implemented feels very rewarding and the blocks it adds for functionality and decoration all fit very well with the Minecraft vanilla textures and because this mod is so well loved it features a great deal of add-ons that other people have created to expand or add compatibility with other mods some include ne's Delight a self-explanatory nether add-on cultural Delight which adds food from all around the world and compatibilities with mods such as Alex's mobs phosphere and Twilight Forest if you're looking for a mod similar to this in older versions of Minecraft I can highly recommend cooking for Blockheads and pams both of these mods are still available in later versions and great if you really want to get into your agricultural Pursuits a lot of people have asked me why I didn't include pams in my 100 days as a farmer video and that's simply because the mod is a bit overwhelming for me pams is actually a four-part mod with crops food and trees the amount of crops it adds is just amazing there's so many different items you can cook it's just a lot for me but it has also been around for so long that this mod holds a very special place in my heart in every playthrough with this mod I used to make it a goal to make peanut butter and jelly with every kind of jelly you can make and cooking with Blockheads is a great functional add-on that adds a lot of furniture and kitchen parts that pair well with pams continuing with our crops let's talk about let's do vinery this mod has a very clear focus and that is creating your own Vineyard it adds a couple different kinds of grapes and a bunch of functional and decorative blocks to get you started on your wine making Adventures I had the Delight of discovering this mod last summer and I had a really fun time just going through the process and figuring out what kinds of brw I could make it also just has a really fun and beautiful aesthetic and even if you aren't into the whole wine making thing there's plenty of blocks that are perfect decorations for your farm it has Furniture a new Trader and a cool clothing set this mod seems fairly new and is available on Plenty of mod loaders version 1.19 and up also just adding if you're looking for a similar mod in older versions of Minecraft rustic is a great alternative with very similar content and mechanics it's only available for 1.12.2 and Below but there's actually a spin-off Port named Homespun that's being made now for newer versions of Forge but real quick do you like adorable little Forest creatures then let me introduce you to your new best friend the mushling I recently collaborated with makeship to make the ultimate little guy and he's finally available for pre-order instead of creating myself as a plush I wanted to create something that I felt represented my community so whether you're a longtime fan of my content or this is your first video this is an excellent way to support me I'll put the link below but make sure to get him soon since he's only available for 3 weeks okay back to the video next you might have noticed the corn growing on my farm which is surprisingly not from the farmer Delight mod this is from a mod called Haunted Harvest if you're a big fan of spookiness or Autumn then this mod is definitely for you not only does it add crops and food that fit perfectly alongside Farmers Delight but it basically adds Halloween to your game I won't go into too much detail about that mechanic because it's not super farming related but even in the offseason of Halloween this mod still holds up for the amount of content it adds also the pumpkin carving in this mod is just excellent if you want your farming experience to be a bit more magical I'd like to suggest mystical agriculture this mod is all about magical crops and gives you the ability to grow resources such as coal and iron of course it comes at a high cost and progression is more exponential than linear but what's really great about this mod is that it allows you to fully immerse yourself in farming for your resources instead of grinding the mines for hours just bear in mind that some of the late game items are a tad bit overpowered and if you want to keep your farm run simple and light then maybe this isn't for you now let's talk about automation automation can take many forms but it doesn't necessarily have to be that Tech mod you're thinking of a great tool for farming automation is the mod botney pots this mod is very simple and then it adds two functional pots for growing crops there's regular pots which have manual Harvest and Hopper pots which sends its output to the inventory below what's really great about this mod is the compatibility if you have mods that add special soil like Farmers Delight or mystical agriculture the pots can use it also there are some fun upgrades in add-ons such as botney pods trees which allows you to grow wood and botney pods tear which adds costly upgrades that give you a more Bountiful Harvest but perhaps you want something a little bit more Fantastical for your automation if that's the case I recommend the straw Golems mod this mod adds these little straw guys that help you harvest your crops when they're ready at the cost of just a hay Bell and a pumpkin they'll Harvest full crops and distribute them to the closest inventory of course there is a cost straw Golems have a natural lifespan of 7 days and in order to keep them healthy you need to make sure you feed and take care of them they do also have some really cool and immersive mechanics Iron Golems will pick them up for inspection and the animals can take a chomp out of your hay friends but beware because large amounts of straw Golems do attract Raiders so be sure to protect your new friends now I have a few mods you might not really expect but are definitely useful for your farming playthrough let's start with the mod carryon carryon is a mod that has the great feature of allowing you to pick up your full chest with your bare hands but it also allows you to pick up smaller mods mobs this is a great gameplay feature if you're working with animals because let's be honest we've all had a rogue chicken or two and if a mob escapes this is a great way to get them back in without the frustration of luring them in with their favorite food also this works for your new straw friends so if you need to pick them up and carry them to safety or you want to guide them somewhere else you can if getting your hands dirty isn't your style then definitely try supplementaries first I'd like to add that supplementaries is an all-around great mod and meshes well with a myriad of play Styles but I specifically love it in my farming playthroughs the most it adds this iron cage that allows you to capture smaller mobs and release them elsewhere which again is really great if you're trying to round up a wild chickens or keep your barn cats safe as you venture home I also just use it in a lot of General decorations for example the ropes in my Vineyard I'm going to be linking a more in-depth exploration of this mod below because honestly there are just so many features next we have sophisticated backpacks inventory is an important aspect of any farm game and Minecraft is no different sophisticated backpacks adds highly modular backpacks that can progress with you on your playthrough and adapt to your play style aside from being great storage for all the crops you might collect they also have various upgrades such as smelting stacking Auto pickup and auto feed I think this mod is a staple for any mod pack but I really do appreciate it for farming because to me the progression just adds to that RPG farming game feel but if you prefer a little help lugging around your Harvest then may I suggest ascator carts ascator carts Redux and Nifty carts if you're wondering why there's so money it's simply because the mod author of asidor carts recently announced they were taking a step back to work on their own game and the project has been taken over by a few new Authors so for versions 1.19 and Below you'll use the original and for 1.20 and above you'll use the Redux and if you want fabric then you'll use Nifty cards but I'm sure you're wondering what exactly these mods do well it adds three different kinds of cards to AG you on your farming Adventure all of which can be controlled by the player or a horse the first and the oldest C in the mod pack is the supply cart it contains a double chest full of storage and features a seat on the back of the car the next is the plow which might be the most useful it can host three tools a shovel an axe or a hoe and when used can create paths strip logs and more importantly till land and the last car is the animal car which the mod describes as basically a boat on Wheels it can fit two mobs or two players the mods I went over before had great transportation for smaller animals but this is really great if you're trying to bring a cow or a sheep home overall this mod is a must and perfect if you want a little assistance but don't want to dive into full Tech mods and to end this video off let's talk about food and food consumption spice of life is another allaround great mod when it comes to a lot of varieties the carrot Edition rewards players for discovering and eating new foods it also keeps track of how many unique Foods you've eaten and increases your max Health with every Milestone this is great when paired with mods that add a lot of meals and recipes since it encourages the player to try them all the apple pie Edition is similar to the carrot Edition but focuses on the quality of your food it rewards the players for eating larger balanced meals there's also additions like potato or sweet potato that gives benefits based on the player's current diet rather than pernament effects they have all their own rules so I would definitely recommend reading one and deciding which one is best for you if none of these appeal to you then I'd like to suggest the diet mod this is actually based on an older 1.12.2 mod called nutritional it separates your diet into five categories and the goal is to ultimately keep all of them satisfied with your diet by having a balanced diet you are rewarded with boosted effects or in turn if you're diet is poorly balanced you can have some negative effects I actually really like the old mod this was based on and I'm super excited to see this make a comeback what's also great about this mod is the sheer amount of compatibilities it has with both farming mods and dimensional mods and for the final mod I'd like to show you quality crops this mod is new just coming out last year and is heavily based on stardew value's crop quality system your food will now have an indicator as to the quality of the food and based on this it will supply you with different levels of nutrition and saturation and just like like in stardew the higher quality the crop the lower the drop chance as I said this mod is fairly new so at the moment it only contains an add-on for Farmers toight but I think it is a really great concept and I look forward to it being implemented with other mods however before I send you off I do want to do a quick honorable mention SL rpid fire showcase for a few mods I love but could probably be explained in less than a sentence so let's go better animal models is a cosmetic mod available for Forge and fabric that greatly upgrades the base game animal models it also has a syst mod that adds more animals in the same style ferdinand's flowers is a must have decoration mod for Forge that adds 200 flowers into the game I personally use this to litter my farm with all the sunflowers because they're just so pretty the Maca series adds so many different decorations and the fences and P are perfect for your farm especially when paired with the diagonal Fence Mod Quirk like supplementaries is an all-around expansion but great for farming playthroughs because of the troughs alone mods like what am I looking at or what the hell is that are perfect when dealing with with lots of different crops and they can include information on growth time and harvestability and there you have it folks my top picks for all kinds of farming mods I hope this video serves as a good resource I've had people asking me for ages about the mods in my farming video despite the fact that I literally pinned it in the comment section which by the way I'll be putting every mod mentioned in this video in the description below and in the top comment also before I go I must give a lovely shout out to my patrons they tolerate my slow months and I appreciate them so much so thank you to Atlas blurry 119 James TV2 aagi mango Ash Music Danny C zip AFK medflow saale bun block 36 uncore no bake is late my literal Mom I love you Mom meline rain is alive Juan Vivien 00 Atlas zero L zebra Mina Cosmic silences chance and setting Sunset thank you everyone for supporting me on patreon and I hope you have an amazing day

  Top Comments:
  1. @Ilovecheeseandjeffbuckley [2 likes]: Ik im late but can you use any of these on mobile
  2. @NikkiJAllDay [1 likes]: For those on mobile the app mcpedl has farmers delight 😊
  3. @Dylanjeter123456789: Very unfortunate that the Better Animal Models mod is not updated yet.
  4. @CaroleKyLi: I cant find it😢😢😢😢 farmer delight
  5. @sweerggqqq22: ставлю не лайк. гамно:goodvibes:
  6. @Minikajlaa: 0:47 my favorite part of this video
  7. @ArianneM.Salvador20: Where can i download it??
  8. @Toasted_Toaster-1: DecoDrop is probably the best for small cooking
  9. @LongTran-m7j: %appdata%
  10. @Notsoevildoug: Just wondering but if I were to do most of these mods in a world. What version would be the best so I could use the most amount of these mods?
  11. @30Habibi_Aji: Thanks recommended 😍😍😍 i like that's , IM subscribe you😍😍 thanks for show me thats mods,
  12. @Spherigon: what mod was that one at the beginning where it adds that farming machine?
  13. @ninjask0291: What about apple skin
  14. @matayeba3167: It enable in mobile to???
  15. @TheGofort66: can you try "Kaleidoscope Cookery" it is almost like farmers delight but needs more atention in the cooking part
  16. @MariaVinaGerman: Where to download mod??
  17. @ToxicGamingDaniel: i love your list, but there is a mod im wordering why you dont have on, Agricraft 

its a nice mod that adds alot to farming, auto water systems where you need water towers 
and some crops needs sticks in the ground before you can plant them
  18. @amei_pa: I discovered most of those on tubbos basement server (from the top of my head, farmers delight, create + add ons, and the backpacks). I have to say, create does make my game laggy, but I’m on an old laptop. Farmers delight is compatible with create, which is amazing for automating food, I had so many cabbage rolls after a few hours I never had to make food again. The animals cages from supplementaries are awesome for gift giving, I managed to get cows, sheep, chickens and pigs in my area (player protected) and used the cages to give the animals to other people who logged on after most of the fauna was killed off. Farmers delight adds crops ; cabbage, onions, tomatoes but also rice and pasta which are used in multiple recipes. Some of those recipes are meals that you can place down like blocks, they're called Feasts, and you need a bowl to eat them. It also adds wild variants to vanilla crops so you can come across them outside of villages. Finally there are functional blocks used for cooking and storage, they look nice in the kitchen.
  19. @Forslayer-7: thanks a lot for this video i used on my minecraft server
  20. @Glaiglai-f6l: Btw Manor's bounty is also a great mod but not as popular as all of it

- SwiftData + CloudKit Sync (2025): Full Setup Guide for Multi-Device iOS Apps: Kind: captions Language: en If you've ever struggled with syncing Swift data across iPhone, iPad, and Mac, this video will fix it once and for all. With iCloud and using CloudKit, you're able to store information and data on the cloud. This means if a user deletes and reinstalls your app, their Swift data will be saved and reloaded as well as you can sync across multiple devices such as adding an entry on your iPhone and seeing it on your iPad as long as they're under the same Apple ID. So, in this video, we'll cover the zero to hero to getting your iCloud set up, as well as discuss a few common pitfalls, mistakes, or error messages you may be encountering and how to resolve them. Now, I'm going to be starting off in a blank Xcode Swift UI project if you already have your project ready to go. You can skip ahead using the timestamps in the description or on the video scrubber. Let's go ahead and dive on in. So, because we're using Swift data, we need to make sure that we have a model. So, I'm just going to quickly create one. So, the first thing we need to do is our imports. and we're going to be grabbing swift data and we're also going to be importing foundation as we're going to be using a UYU ID. We'll then create a model with a final class. I'm going to be calling mine entry of course. Update this to whatever your name is. We'll then add an ID. So UU ID would be great. From there we'll also add things like uh any of our variables. So for this one I'm going to do a title of a string and then we'll also have some details which is also a string value. Now, just as a note as you're going through with this, adding things to iCloud Swift data, make sure that whenever you're adjusting these variables, never delete anything. Only add to those entries. So, if you're like, I don't no longer need the title, do not delete it. You will get version mismatches. It'll be looking for variables that don't exist. Make sure that you're adding, not removing. And we'll go ahead and add our initializer. And we're not quite done with this. This is a pretty standard model, but when we go to edit in Cloud Kit, we need to actually make some changes, and I'll show you that when we get there. Okay, let's go ahead and now set up our content view. I was going to be building something really quick from scratch just so we can kind of test the adding and viewing. Okay, let's go ahead and import Swift data. And then we need to create that environmental context. So, at environment and we'll do our for/model context would be a private var of context. Okay. Okay. And let's create two state private bars. First one will be for the name which is going to be the string. We'll give it a default of blank. And then we'll have another one for the details. Also being a string and also being empty to start. Again, keeping it super simple. So let's do a couple text fields here. We'll have enter name bind to our name variable. And we'll also have another one for details which will link to that details. Super duper basic. Okay. Now let's create a button. And this button is going to save the entry. And we'll create a new entry which is going to equal an entry here. And we can include things like the uh ID, title, details. Right? For the ID that's already being handled for us. We don't need to mess with that. For the title, we'll have it be the name. and the details will just be those details that we're already passing through. We'll then take our context and we'll insert that into the new entry. Then we'll save with our try context.save and then we'll clear the name and the details so we can keep using the kind of text fields. We'll set the name and the details once that's all over back to being blank strings. And let's add a little bit of button styling just so it always stands out. Now, the first error we're getting is, "Hey, why doesn't my UYU ID work?" Let's hop on back to the model. So, when we're dealing with the UYU ID, there's a way better way to handle this. And iCloud's also going to love this change. Instead, for our ID, let's have it be a UYU ID, which equals UYU ID with the empty brackets. then we can take it out of our initializer as it's already being set up. Let's go ahead and get rid of those. Now we can go back to our content view and it won't be asking for that UU ID anymore. As a note, if you are using an identifier and you're using the unique, never use attributes with CloudKit. Wonderful. Let's just add a quick divider here so we can separate the content. Okay. Next, we need to be able to query through all of our Swift data. So we'll do an at query and let's have this be sorted by an array. We can actually use the sort descriptor and we can sort it by the entry.title and we can just have it be a private var. And from here we can just call entries which will conform to our model of entry. Then we can go ahead and create a list after the divider so we can see everything that we have. Oh, we'll create a list based off of those entries that we just created. We'll do an entry in. So, I'm going to add some text and we'll have our entry.title and then we'll have our entry details. Before we test our Swift data app, let's go to our window view of content and we'll add a model container which will be for the entry self. Make sure we're also importing Swift data up top. So now we should be good to go. Let's go ahead and test it and then we'll add it all in cloud kit. Okay, so we can add a name and our details on our app. We'll save it and we'll be able to see our Swift data in action. Okay, so we can add a name and for the details I'll say it rocks. We'll save the entry. Go ahead and reset the app. Make sure our swift data is working. There we go. We are good to go. So now that you have your Swift data set up, let's go ahead and now enable iCloud. Just as a note as we're going through this, your console for iCloud debugging is going to be your best friend. To enable iCloud, let's click on our app project here in the top left. Go to signing in capabilities, add a capability, and look for cloud. It should just have our little iCloud here. You'll want to enable CloudKit. You don't need to enable iCloud documents unless you're specifically working with documents otherwise leave it blank. Then copy your build identifier also found under signing. You may have some containers you may already have already used or you'll be completely blank. Anyway, just press the plus button and you're going to create a new container. This naming is really important. The bundle ID must be icapps ID. So that's why we copied the build identifier. So I'm going to go ahead and paste that and hit okay. For more advanced users, you are able to create a container that's used across multiple apps. That's something that's very advanced and we don't quite need it for today's purpose. It might be red for a little bit. Give it 30 seconds, maybe 2 minutes, and then press the refresh and you'll see that it's updated and the red has gone away. You may also get a little entitlement on the left side of your project. Your logs are going to be your best friend. If you want even better logging, what I'd suggest doing is going to your product theme and editing the scheme. Select run, then do arguments. Under arguments passed on launch, hit plus. You want to add dash com.apple.core data.cloudkit debug space 1 and hit return and close. Now let's go ahead and run our project again. We can see build succeeded. That's great. But unfortunately, we are not going to have the best first run. But we'll fix all of this. Okay, where's our Swift data? Let's go ahead and investigate in the log. What's happening? Okay, we have a lot of different bugs. We have this first one in red. Plug-in client of CloudKit. Cloudkit push notifications required the remote notification back road mo mode in our infop list. Okay. And if we go down here we can also see that any variables that we have see here cloudkit integration requires that all the attributes be optional or have default value set. And it even gives us oh hey you know entry title and all that do not have a default or nonoptional um value set. So let's first handle updating our model. So you have a couple options. You can either mark these uh with the question marks or you can provide defaults. So in this case, we may want our string just to equal an empty string by default. That should resolve the error. The other error that we were dealing with is this bug in client. So let's go back to our signing in capabilities. Let's add a capability and we'll do the background modes. So under the background modes and signing capability, I would recommend background fetch, maybe even background processing. But the most important thing that told us is the remote notifications. See here, remote notification. Okay, let's go ahead and try launching again. Build succeeded. Wonderful. Now, these other errors are totally okay. Essentially, what these other errors are telling us is we don't have an iCloud account set up. This is because I'm currently using the simulator. So, for testing iCloud, you will want to run this on a real device. Otherwise, we are good to go. So, I am just going to swap it on over to my iPhone. And I'm going to launch it on my physical device here. Okay. And here we have our iPhone. I'm just using the iPhone screen mirroring here. So, make sure you're signed in on your device with your Apple ID. It also suggests the Apple ID that you use be the same as your develop ID. So, let's call this one hello. And then the details will say cloud kit. Let's save this entry. Looks like it all works. Restart our app real quick. And we can see our entry does persist. Okay, so it looks like our Swift data worked, but let's see if we can see it on the CloudKit console. So under our signin capabilities, you can click on the Cloudkit console. You want to go to your Cloudkit database and in the top left you can select which Cloudkit you're trying to access. So in my case this was the Cloudkit demo. Here we'll have access to records even schemas and a few other things that we'll talk about. So for the records let's see if we can find our current ones. We want to select the private database and then the Apple core data cloud kit zone and we'll want to query the records. We can see here under the record type we have our CD of entry. This is the entry data model we had created. Under the fields we can see the details entry name ID and title sorry entity name not uh entry name. Okay let's hit done and we'll query the records. you may get an error. Field record name is not marked as queryable. Okay, so to fix this where it says record name is not marked queryable, we'll go to the indexes under the schema on the left side. We'll hit the plus button and under the record type, we're going to look at our CD entry. For the name, let's call it record name. And for the type, our error says that it wasn't queryable, so we'll set it to be that. For the field, we're going to select the record name. In older versions, you may have had to do the underscore_record ID. This version as of late September, early October, um, is just record name. Let's go ahead and add it. Might take a few moments. Changes have been saved. Let's go ahead and try to do that again. Private database, cloudkit zone, CD entry, and let's query. Cool. So, we can actually see the entry we just made on our iPhone. The details was CloudKit and the title was Hello. Let's go ahead and make another one. So, this name we'll do Bob the Builder. I love CloudKit so much. Let's save that entry. Now, we should be able to see this on the console. It may take, especially under the development environment, a few seconds to get loaded. You can either refresh the page or query the records again. And we can now see two items. Here's the I love CloudKit so much, the title of Bob the Builder. Right now, if you are using this and you don't see anything, still, make sure that the ID you have for your developer account matches the ID you're using on your device. as well as if I gave this app to a friend and I asked them, hey, make some entries. I wouldn't be able to see them under their Apple ID, you can go to the left side here, act as an iCloud account, and you can actually sign in to act as that user. So, if you wanted to verify your friend's information, they log in through this, and they can see all the information they've inputed. This allows you not to just view everybody's data. It'd be pretty messed up if I developed an app and then I got to see everyone's data, especially if it was something that was very personal to them. So, you're only able to see the private data of the Apple ID that you're signed into. Before we talk about some common errors, let's go ahead and actually reinstall the app. In a real world, we'd actually be, you know, accessing this from the App Store, but let's go ahead and launch it again on Xcode. And there we go. We have our data back. took like a quick second just to get loaded, but after that second, we're good to go. Um, if you have images, may take a little bit longer to load. You may even want a button to force a refresh from Cloudkit. But yeah, we have all our entries back. And the cool thing is too, if I go ahead and grab my iPad, and as long as it's under the same Apple ID, I can actually see all the entries. So, let's do that. All right. an Xcode. I'm going to do a fresh install on my iPad here. All right, so we're loading up the app and again I have the same Apple ID signed in on both devices. Let's pull up our iPhone 2. We can see once it loads, we are good to go. Might take a second to load. It's going to, you know, grab those entries. It's going to refresh and we can see we have both those entries in real time. So, let's go ahead and make an entry on the iPad. I'll just put iPad as this one. Take a second. I always find when I have my device connected, it's a little bit laggy on uh any like kind of interactive pieces. So, we've added iPad and laggy. And then hopefully we'll see it over here on our mirrored iPhone. There we go. iPad laggy. So, these two devices are using CloudKit in order to store the Swift data, fetch it. If we delete it, it still handles Swift data appropriately, which is pretty cool that you can have your apps running simultaneously and have that data be synced. And under your iCloud settings where you can access the storage, you can see here that our CloudKit demo is using 9.7 kilobytes. Those would be all the text entries there. And just like that, we have set up CloudKit successfully. There's a lot of little errors that I encountered when dealing with CloudKit. and your console is going to be your best friend for debugging it. So, if you're getting these in your console, here's how to fix them. So, if you see invalid bundle ID for container, this means that the container doesn't match your app's bundle ID. To fix this, ensuring that your container, as we discussed when setting it up, is your bundle identifier. So, in our case, we did the icloud.com dot and then pasted our bundle ID. Similarly, bad container means that you need to enable CloudKit in Xcode but never created or clicked on one of these containers. If it's still red, just give it a quick refresh with the refresh button as well. May also encounter schema mismatch. This is your Swift data model is changing, but CloudKit schema didn't. You can clean, build, delete the app, rerun. If it's still broken, go to the CloudKit dashboard and you'll see in the very bottom left reset environment. If you get permission failure, not authenticated, running on simulator iCloud account, this means that you're running on the simulator or iCloud account is not signed in. Test only on real devices. Signed into iCloud with a valid Apple ID. If you're getting something that's saying records are not syncing, the model container is attached in the wrong place. So, if we go back to Xcode in our launch, see how we're adding the model container? It might just be in the wrong place. You may want to see how we just have it with our content view. You may want to put it outside the braces of the window group. This may solve an error, especially if you have multiple multiple screens that you're navigating through. If you get zone not found or record type not found, the schema is not yet created in CloudKit. Run the app on a device. CloudKit will autocreate the schema on first save. If you get the unique attributes crash, remove the dot unique on your model under UU ID. So again, this is how I'd set up my UYU ID. Just have the ID which equals the UID with the empty brackets. And then I'm not initializing it in the initializer here. Just my title and details. If you remove something from your model, first off, don't. it may cause a lot of mismatches and errors. You may need to completely reset your environment as well if you have removed a variable from your model since running on cloud kit. One last tip, development versus production. The development environment is sandbox. This is your working sandbox for testing, iterating during development. The schema supports is just in time schema creation, meaning you don't have to manually create record types and fields within the dashboard. They're created automatically the first time our app saves a record. We can make any changes, adding, modifying, but I would really not delete any record field types. The data contains all the test data and our access is only accessible to our development team and any users logged in with the iCloud developer account while running a debug build. Now the production environment here, this is the live database that all users of our released app access to store and retrieve their data. This schema is completely locked. Once a record type or field is in production, you cannot delete or rename it. You're only allowed to make additive changes. So add new record types or fields. This ensures that existing versions of your app in the wild don't break. The data contains all the live persistent data for your actual users and the access is granted by users who download your app from the app store or the test flight build configured for production. When should you actually flip this over? So we must promote our schema from the development to the production environment before we actually submit our apps store to the review or release it to test flight for external testing. Why would we ever do this before review? Well, Apple's review team actually often tests our app against the production environment. Our schema is not deployed. The CloudKit functions in your app will fail for them, potentially leading to rejection. It sounds weird though because when we're thinking about development and sandbox, I know, but just as a tip, put it on production before you put it on review. Okay, I know we just talked about a lot, but let's do one quick little checklist before we sign off. In our model, make sure we have defaults and no unique attribute. In our app, under targets signing capabilities, make sure you've enabled iCloud. Under background modes, make sure you have those remote notifications. Make sure in your app route you have your model container. Use physical devices, whether that's iPhone, iPad, Mac, and you can debug with the console log as well as with the iCloud dashboard. Now go add Swift Data and CloudKit sync to your apps and let me know in the comments if you hit any tricky errors. It was a really annoying process for me to first get CloudKit set up. So I'll do my best to answer any questions as I know how you may feel like you want to rip your hair out. Otherwise, dream big, code bigger. I hope this helped. We'll see you in the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Gruthum [3 likes]: What's up coders!:_Bug::_Bug::_Bug:
  2. @ToddAndersonskimmer747 [2 likes]: You are awesome.  My production schema was way off and I've been trying for months to fix my syncing issues.  I just put 3 apps on the app store and they are running great thanks to your help.  I'm a 62 year old pilot vibe coder having fun.
  3. @LadekabelLarry [2 likes]: Great video! Could you maybe do one about CloudKit Sharing / CKShare?
I’d love to see how to share data (like SwiftData or Core Data models) between multiple iCloud accounts. It’s a topic that’s barely covered anywhere!
  4. @codetoanbug2053 [1 likes]: Good job. I love your video.
  5. @CodeWithChris: Thanks for this video! I'm sending it to one of my students who had a question about how to do this!
  6. @aj-1700: The data is syncing and working well but when I change the model  and add light migration plan the app crashes. I am adding the new schema in CloudKit console before installing v2.
  7. @chepiok12: Thanks for the video, especialy the recordName QUERYABLE!!!!. Far more accurate than others.

Do you have covering coredata sharing somewhere? in my case, I want to share all the content of a CloudKit database at once between different iCloud accounts. For example, to manage product storage between users. Once the database has been shared or an invitation has been accepted, any additions/modifications/deletions to storage or products must be shared without additional sharing.

I don't think I can do this in SwiftData and that I need to use CoreData. Is that correct?

It seems that “Zone Wide Sharing” could be the solution, but I can't find a sufficiently comprehensive example.

Ultimately, I realize that this is not a very common use case. I'm looking for someone to give me a hand with this, discuss a little,  I'm about to go crazy! PM or reply to comment.
  8. @thomasm964: Awesome
  9. @ToddAndersonskimmer747: Thanks!
  10. @HoffiLab: Hi, Creat Video, Thanks for that.
My App now syncs between all my devices, but only if I install them through Xcode directly.
If I use TestFlight to get the App on my device, there is no sync between devices. All devices have the same AppleID and Sync is enabled in the iCloud settings.
Also i do not See any Records in the database that come from any device.

Is there a limitation that iCloud sync is disabled on TestFlight?
  11. @jurimacTech: it worked with saving text,  how do i do tyhe same thing with taking photos?
  12. @basilepeyrat6370: Thank you for the tutorial!!The iCloud option does not appear at this moment — do you know why?
 6:22
  13. @manthanios: thank u! love the video
  14. @RandomRichard2022: Great video, as always. I am trying to setup cloud kit for the first time on my app. It seems to be syncing between my devices, so that's good. But when I go in the console, in Database, it says : "Private Database, Failed to access iCloud data, Please sign in again..." So I click sign in again and do so, but it changes nothing. Is that normal?

- Xcode Frameworks and Workspaces: Kind: captions Language: en hi my name is Stuart Lynch and in this video I'd like to introduce you to excode Frameworks and how to apply these to both projects and workspaces now this is a follow-up video to one that I already released on exco terminology that introduces you to workspaces so if you haven't watched that video I recommend that you watch it first I'll leave a link in the description I love getting your feedback so tap the Thumbs Up Button if you enjoyed this video and leave a comment below make sure you subscribe to the video and ring that Bell to get notifications of new videos and if you want to support my work you can buy me a coffee there is no starter project for this tutorial but I do encourage you to work along with me as I believe that when you do that instead of just watching you will understand and retain the concepts better there is very little coding in the tutorial so you don't have to worry about that now we're going to be creating a couple of projects and a framework so I suggest that you first create a new folder and call it framework example inside that folder create a new project using the iOS template and an app and call it test project one and now create a second project but this time choose framework instead of app and call it test models now this creates a new independent framework project and the only thing that is there is the header file I likely should not have used a space in the name because it gets replaced with an underscore it would have been better to have used the Pascal case convention similar to camel case except the first word starts with a capital letter as well well you can add all sorts of things to a framework such as source code with objects and functions as well as resources documentation unit tests build settings etc for Simplicity sake here I want to going to add a source code file and that will be in the way of a model object that I want to use in my projects as well as others so I'm going to create a new file here and call it person inside that file I'll create a person struct and I'm going to add three properties the first will be a name property as a string the second will be age and that's an INT and then the third will be date created which is a date well you can close that framework project up now and return to your test project now there are a number of different ways to add Frameworks to an existing project but this is the way that I like to do it I'm going to select the project project and the project Target on the general tab scroll down to Frameworks libraries and embedded content section and then click the plus button in the selector at the bottom choose add other add files locate your framework folder which is called test modules and open it but just select the xcode pro file and then click on open this adds the framework to the project Navigator and you can see that in your code but it hasn't yet been made available to your Project's Target so return to the test project and its Target and then once more scroll down to the Frameworks libraries and embedded content section and click on the plus button once more this time you'll see that there is a workspace section at the top and there is a test models framework that you can select and add to the the target well now that it's been added to our Target we want to try and use it so I'm going to open content View and in order to use the contents of a framework we first need to import it into that file and that's our test model well now that it's been imported let's use it to create a state variable called person that is one of those objects I'll create cre a person whose name is Aiden age is 31 and the date created is date.now I get an error though it says I can't find person in scope and in Swift when you try to create a framework you're building a set of tools that other developers can use in their own projects by default everything inside your framework is marked as internal which means it's only accessible within the framework itself like having tools locked inside a toolbox so this means we need to Mark the person struct as being publicly accessible so now I can return to the framework person object and Mark that struct as the public accessibility well now I'm able to create that object but I get the error person initializer is inaccessible due to the internal protection level well in Swift structs have what are known as memberwise initializers and this means that the initializer is built in for a struct and we don't have to create one on our own and by default it's internal so if we want to expose the initializer outside of the framework we'll need to create one and Mark it as being public so again returning to the framework I'm going to let xcode create the initializer for me but all Market is being public so this fixes our initializer but I want to make a slight change I want the date created to be set upon creation so I'm going to go back to the framework and I'm going to remove the parameter from the initializer itself and I'm going to set it in the body of the function instead where I'll set the self date created to be date. now this means I need to go back to where I initialized that person object and remove the date created argument well everything looks good so far but let's try to use that object and display some of the properties in our view so I'm going to replace the content of the vstack with a single text view that displays the person. name well now I get an error that name is inaccessible due to internal protection levels well this is the same issue that we had when we couldn't initialize the object we had to make the initializer public well we only made the initializer function public and the initializer is able to assign values to the properties because they're internal to the framework by that I mean the initializer and the properties are in the same module but in order to make those properties visible to other modules or projects and make them updatable from another module like our project we have to make each property public as well when I return to content view I see that the problem is solved so let's display the content of our other two properties in the view for the age I'll use string interpolation to display age along with the person's age for the date created again I'll use string interpolation to create first a string created on and then I'll present the person. DAT created but I'll use formatted and specify that the date is long and the time is shortened so so far so good I can read the information just fine and display it but can I change it so let's create a button with a label increment age and I'm going to give it a bordered prominent style and then for the action I'm just going to add one to the current age property for that object tapping the increment age button does indeed increment the age the age property is exposed to us because it is public and this means that I can get and set the values but this also means I can set new values for the name and the date created properties as well for example I can within the same action change the date to a date. dist past each time I click on the button this is not good I don't want the users of my framework to be able to modify that property I want it to be only set upon initialization they should only be able to read that value so I'm going to return to my framework and I'm going to make a change to the access levels of that one property we want it to be publicly available for getting or reading but only allow the initializer to set it I.E I want to make the private access to this framework only for setting purposes and we can do that by adding a private set after the public declaration when you do that now you can return to your view where the action is and you'll see that we can't assign to property date created Setter is inaccessible so mission accomplished so I bet you're wondering at this point why do I want to go through all of this trouble to create a framework I'm only working by myself and I don't need to import a framework I could have created that person struct directly into my project and not worry about the access and private and public and all that stuff well Frameworks allow you to create code that can be used in multiple projects and a little while ago I created a video on exod terminology that introduced you to the concept of workspace I'll leave a link in the description I recommend that you watch that first if you haven't already now the first thing I'm going to do is remove the framework from my test project so I'll open the test project and I'll click on the Target and the general tab I'll scroll down to the framework section and I'll select that test modules framework and then click the minus button this removes the framework integration from the project but not the framework files itself so in the project Navigator now I'll select the Frameworks group and I'll tap the delete key on the keyboard but do not move to the trash because this will move the folder from your framework examples folder you just want to remove the preference your project will no longer build of course now if you return to the finder you'll see that you still have both the project and the framework folders there inside your framework examples folder and I want to turn this into a workspace so I'm going to open xcode and from the menu I'll choose new workspace and I'm going to select the Frameworks examples folder and for the name I'm going to go with the same name Frameworks example now this creates an empty workspace well as you would have learned in the video that I mentioned the best way to add projects to a workspace is simply to drag the projects exode Pro file into the workspace Navigator so let's start with the test project let's do the same with the test models framework and as I mentioned in the previous video the best way to do this to avoid nesting is to drag above any existing projects once it's in its place of course you can drag and move and rearrange them in the list so the framework now can be added to any project in the workspace we currently only have one so let's do that so if you select the test project now and go to content view you'll notice that it's broken because it cannot find the framework so select the project Target and then on the general tab scroll to the framework section and then when you tap on the plus button you'll see all Frameworks that have been added for the workspace and in fact there is just one so I'm going to add it now when you return to content view you'll see that our view displays properly this means that we have a workspace that can have many projects and those projects can all share any Frameworks that have been added as part of the workspace so let's see if we can figure that one out so let's add a new project to the workspace and I'm going to do this right within the workspace instead of how I showed you before in that previous video where I created a project on its own and then dragged the excode project file into the workspace this time within the workspace I'm going to choose new project and then I'll make sure that I choose iOS and the app template not the framework and I going to call it test project 2 and I'm going to save this in the Frameworks examples folder but this time I'm going to choose to add it to the workspace and this is really important in this part here make sure that you also add it to the root group instead of the app Group for our test project now you'll notice that once it's added if content view is selected it's not displayed and we learned in the video I referenced on workspaces and schemes that you must make sure that you've selected the proper scheme for the app and we are in Project two while that scheme that is being active right now is for project one so if I change the scheme from the scheme selector it works just fine but if I wanted to return to project one's content view it wouldn't display so the solution as we learned in the other video is to create a new scheme and make sure that it works for both our project targets so I'll create a new scheme and I'm going to make sure it's based on one of my projects not the framework and I'll call it all iOS next then I'll edit the scheme and then on the build tab I'll add in the targets for our other IOS app well now that this scheme has been added and it's active we can easily switch between our project views and they both display well the framework was added to the workspace so this means that our new project can embed in so I'm going to select the second project and its Target and then on the general tab I'm going to scroll down to the framework section and tap the plus button and you'll see that the framework is available to add so let's do that well now that we've added the framework to this project we can use it so in content View for the second project let's import test models then I'm going to create a new State Property here that I'll call person as well and just create a new person object I'm going to use different strings for the name and for the age then I'm just going to return to the first project and copy the same code in the vstack and I want to reuse that in this second view testing we see that it works just fine we added the framework to the workspace and any project in the workspace can use it well the beauty of having a shared framework is that you can modify the content and it'll be updated for all projects that have it embedded let me show you an example let's open the person file in framework and I'm going to add a new public property after the name property that's going to be a string called last name remember it has to be public but since we don't want our first app to break in the initializer I have to add the last name parameter as a string but I'm going to initialize it as an empty string but in the body then we can set self. last name is equal to last name so what it means is I don't need to add a last name if I don't want to which I didn't do in that first view now we have the option of including either a last name or not so let's also add a publicly accessible computed property called full name that is a string and this will return a different string depending on whether or not last name is empty so we can use a Turner operator and return just name if it is empty or the name plus a space plus a last name If It Isn't So let's check out our first project it still works now let me go to the second project and I'm going to add a new property to our person struct after the name that's called last name and specify a string for the last name for this person and then I can go to the text view here and instead of using person. name I'm going to use person. full name and it works as expected perfect now if I return to the first project now and do the same by displaying the person. full name instead of just the person. name I see that our result doesn't change because we had not added a last name the computer property worked for us so the further you go into your Development Career the more you'll be modularizing your code and using workspaces and Frameworks especially if you're working for teams so that's it for this video if you found this tutorial helpful please give it a thumbs up and leave me a comment you can subscribe to my channel to get notifications of new videos and remember you can always download my YouTube channel listing app for free and get quick access to all of my 300 plus videos the link is in the description

  Top Comments:
  1. @Mahadev-x7u [1 likes]: Excellent 🔥 thank you Stewart
  2. @DaveJacobseniOS [1 likes]: I had never known what a workspace was before but this is pretty nifty!
  3. @jeetjayakar5321: AW
  4. @jeetjayakar5321: Please create multi module framework project video 
Also please create a video to create xcframework
  5. @metin.atalay: Thanks for the sharing great video Teacher
  6. @tchelyzt_8256: Hi Stewart. Tried to follow your video but two problems. First, Xcode doesn't produce a .h file, it produces a .swift file. Maybe this is new? Secondly, after adding it as a framework, it doesn't appear anywhere when trying to add it to the TestProject1 project. I don't see any step where I created a workspace.
regards
  7. @fltof2: Thank you. This along with your Xcode terminology video were very helpful.  I also wondered how Packages fit into this, which is why I watched your https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o0fQC7JU-Ts video on Swift Packages.  I get the sense that one should start by using frameworks, and then later converting those to Packages once working with larger teams. Given that all these videos are a number of years old, do you have any recommendations on when to use which?
  8. @tugrulhancnar7882: How can we create a common podfile and install pods?
  9. @fouadmagdy3301: Such a great video
  10. @imamad: You're great my father!
  11. @DanielLeightonArt: So helpful. It filled in lots of holes, answering many questions that I didn’t quite know how to ask because I didn’t have the terminology. Thank you!
  12. @LamNguyen-vg1vi: Thanks for your content. It's really helpful for me. I wish you have more people paying attention to your channel soon.
  13. @priyankapoojara: When I add framework to my project. I'm unable to see Person.swift file in my project. Can anybody suggest for the solution?
  14. @Prashant-7: I learned default init is also internal :face-blue-wide-eyes:
  15. @roman3249: So how does a framework differ from a swift package? Which one should we use (how to choose)? I've never used frameworks because I always use packages... 😳
  16. @AlanRick26: Love the cover pic with your framework armchair❎ throne✅ 😂
  17. @dibjr: Nice video, Stewart.  I am working on a three-person team and intercommunication is key to keeping my code straight.  I don't talk to me, and myself doesn't talk to I.  Me, myself, and I will all learn to use workspaces to share our code.
  18. @gjermundification: Love this one! In particular editing the Framework along the way. Does the frameworks have an overhead? Can I keep the xcdatamodel in a framework and its data in the project? Or do I put the UIs in projects and the application in framework? Nice, I will be able to make a MacCLI app, iPhone, and iPad at the same time in the same project.
  19. @areaswiftyone: This is so helpful! Thanks Stewart
  20. @larschristiansen3136: Very useful and instructive. I have never spend much energy to understand Frameworks and Workspaces, but now I see the value/utility of using them even if I'm not working in a team.

- 31 Xcode Tips & Tricks - 2023: Kind: captions Language: en let's say we want to add a frame to this text&nbsp; here so we can dot frame and then look at all&nbsp;&nbsp; these parameters but you see they're grayed out&nbsp; and if I were to hit return right now I wouldn't&nbsp;&nbsp; get any of those parameters but now let's go&nbsp; back to that if you hold option now if I hit&nbsp;&nbsp; return I get all of those maybe we don't want all&nbsp; of those so we'll go back now what I can do with&nbsp;&nbsp; these shortcuts say I just want Min width and Max&nbsp; width I can start typing min max and you can see&nbsp;&nbsp; Min and Max got highlighted hit return and now&nbsp; I have just those two parameters today's video&nbsp;&nbsp; is sponsored by Squarespace let's talk about the&nbsp; cursor and first up is multi-line cursor editing&nbsp;&nbsp; let's say I want to make these three functions&nbsp; all private well if I do Ctrl shift click to&nbsp;&nbsp; add a cursor wherever I like so now you can see&nbsp; I got the cursor before each dose functions and&nbsp;&nbsp; I can type private great now they're all private&nbsp; now let's say you want to highlight vertically&nbsp;&nbsp; maybe I want to change all these published vars&nbsp; into just let's for some reason so if you hold&nbsp;&nbsp; option drag down you can see I have them all&nbsp; highlighted vertically and I can just type&nbsp;&nbsp; let and now I have quickly made all of those&nbsp; let's instead of published vars let's undo that&nbsp;&nbsp; with command Z we'll undo my privates with command&nbsp; Z2 because that's messing up all the code by the&nbsp;&nbsp; way I'm using the project from my course called&nbsp; dub dub grub all about Swift UI map kit Cloud kit&nbsp;&nbsp; you can check that out at Sean allen.teachable.com&nbsp; now you may have noticed there's no code in these&nbsp;&nbsp; functions and you see these little three dots well&nbsp; that is called code folding you see this ribbon&nbsp;&nbsp; over here with the arrow if you click on that that&nbsp; will expand the function this is a nice way to&nbsp;&nbsp; keep your files clean should you want to do that&nbsp; if you don't see this code folding ribbon over&nbsp;&nbsp; here go to xcode settings text editing and you can&nbsp; see code folding ribbon right here also you can&nbsp;&nbsp; hide your line numbers or show your line numbers&nbsp; so if you don't have line numbers or code folding&nbsp;&nbsp; ribbons that's how you turn them on okay I'm sure&nbsp; you all notice this is valid with 3DS profile well&nbsp;&nbsp; that's obviously misspelled man I wish xcode would&nbsp; tell me when I misspelled things ah it can so if&nbsp;&nbsp; you go to edit format spelling and grammar check&nbsp; spelling while typing do that and then now you see&nbsp;&nbsp; this red line it's kind of faint on my screen but&nbsp; that'll let me know like hey I misspelled valid so&nbsp;&nbsp; let's rename that but I don't want to just rename&nbsp; it here I want to rename everywhere is valid as&nbsp;&nbsp; used so if I click in here right click refactor&nbsp; rename now you'll see the nice animation here's&nbsp;&nbsp; the original spot here are all the places it's&nbsp; used and now I can fix that spelling error is&nbsp;&nbsp; valid profile hit rename in the upper right and&nbsp; now it renamed it everywhere it's used another&nbsp;&nbsp; quick way to rename situationally let's scroll&nbsp; down a little bit here you see we're creating&nbsp;&nbsp; this profile of ddg profile and then we're editing&nbsp; all the properties on this profile well what if I&nbsp;&nbsp; wanted to rename this profile something then I&nbsp; got to fix it here here and here and here well&nbsp;&nbsp; you can do something called edit all in scope&nbsp; and to do that you do command control e you can&nbsp;&nbsp; see I can edit now let's say I wanted this to&nbsp; be user profile and you see everything within&nbsp;&nbsp; the scope where user profile is used it is now&nbsp; updated to user profile from profile okay let's&nbsp;&nbsp; do some similar later stuff so I'm going to run my&nbsp; project and we'll go to my list of locations this&nbsp;&nbsp; is restaurants around WWDC when it was in person&nbsp; but let's talk about slow animations so if you go&nbsp;&nbsp; to debug slow animations check that now this is a&nbsp; good way to debug your animations right so let's&nbsp;&nbsp; click on Chipotle see the animation slowly coming&nbsp; in and you can analyze it let's click on a dummy&nbsp;&nbsp; user here so dummy you can see the profile slowly&nbsp; fading in and sliding from the right we'll close&nbsp;&nbsp; it slowly fading out so it's a great way to really&nbsp; look at your animation see how they're behaving&nbsp;&nbsp; so you can fix them tweak them debug them okay so&nbsp; we'll turn that off now let's talk about recording&nbsp;&nbsp; your simulator so you can take screenshots with&nbsp; this little camera up here but if you hold option&nbsp;&nbsp; you get the record button so now I'm recording&nbsp; a video I can you know navigate around check out&nbsp;&nbsp; different things cool hit stop and now you have&nbsp; a video but if you right click on this little&nbsp;&nbsp; preview you see you can save as animated gif&nbsp; save to desktops show in finder but that saved&nbsp;&nbsp; animated gif is nice for your GitHub readme's&nbsp; or maybe your GitHub issues tickets when you're&nbsp;&nbsp; explaining an issue that's going on so recording&nbsp; your simulator to be able to have a video or an&nbsp;&nbsp; animated gif comes in handy another way to debug&nbsp; a view while the app is running if you hit this&nbsp;&nbsp; little icon down here to blow up the view give it&nbsp; a couple seconds now here's your view and if you&nbsp;&nbsp; grab and twist it's like a 3D version of your view&nbsp; so you can debug what's going on over here on the&nbsp;&nbsp; left you can zoom in zoom out over here on the&nbsp; right you can kind of peel away layers from the&nbsp;&nbsp; top or peel away layers from the bottom it's a&nbsp; good way to debug what's going on with your view&nbsp;&nbsp; so you can see how the view is structured you know&nbsp; maybe sometimes one view is on top of another view&nbsp;&nbsp; and that's hiding it and this is a good way to&nbsp; Discover It admittedly there's a lot of confusing&nbsp;&nbsp; extra squares on here but I have found many a UI&nbsp; bug by using this 3D version of my view and seeing&nbsp;&nbsp; how things are laid out I will stop running this&nbsp; and this has all been simulator stuff but let's&nbsp;&nbsp; talk a little bit about running things on your&nbsp; device so you can actually run them wirelessly so&nbsp;&nbsp; if you go to window devices and simulators make&nbsp; sure you have your device plugged in so you see&nbsp;&nbsp; how John's iPhone 12 Pro and you see this little&nbsp; checkbox here connect via Network you click that&nbsp;&nbsp; box and then now whenever you are running your app&nbsp; on your actual device your phone will still show&nbsp;&nbsp; up you see my actual iPhone 12 Pro even if it's&nbsp; not plugged in as long as you're on the same Wi-Fi&nbsp;&nbsp; connection you can run your app on your device&nbsp; wirelessly shifting from the simulator let's talk&nbsp;&nbsp; Swift UI previews and one of my favorite new&nbsp; additions in xcode 14 is the variance of your&nbsp;&nbsp; Swift UI preview here is that profile model that&nbsp; you saw when I slowed down the animations click&nbsp;&nbsp; this grid looking button down here and you see&nbsp; color scheme variants great now I can see it light&nbsp;&nbsp; and dark mode I'll make this a little bigger cool&nbsp; other variants orientation variants okay cool I&nbsp;&nbsp; can see it landscape left landscape right looking&nbsp; good let's go to the other variants Dynamic type&nbsp;&nbsp; here's the great one because look at all the&nbsp; different ways you'd have to run your app and test&nbsp;&nbsp; your app we're not obviously supporting Dynamic&nbsp; type on this specific screen in this course we&nbsp;&nbsp; do support Dynamic type but we only do one screen&nbsp; because it is pretty time intensive this is not&nbsp;&nbsp; one of the screens we did but you can see see&nbsp; how your view will look and all the different&nbsp;&nbsp; variations of dynamic type and see where you need&nbsp; to put in the work okay if you click the button&nbsp;&nbsp; next to that you go back to your your normal view&nbsp; so let's talk about another Swift UI nice thing in&nbsp;&nbsp; xcode 14 and that is automatic indent when you&nbsp; type a curly brace so let's say we want to put&nbsp;&nbsp; this these two text into an H stack with an RV&nbsp; stack so I have them highlighted and if I just&nbsp;&nbsp; type my curly brace you can see them automatically&nbsp; get indented and then all I got to do is type&nbsp;&nbsp; hdac and Bam they're in an H deck that automatic&nbsp; indention that's a lifesaver in Swift UI because&nbsp;&nbsp; before that oftentimes you know you would have I'm&nbsp; moving my H stack and my curly braces and my text&nbsp;&nbsp; oftentimes you would get like all out of line like&nbsp; that and your curly braces would be all messed up&nbsp;&nbsp; it would take a while to go back in well quick&nbsp; little shortcut to fix that is if you highlight&nbsp;&nbsp; a chunk of code that you know is misaligned hit&nbsp; control I and as you can see that will move them&nbsp;&nbsp; nicely back to how it should be structured all&nbsp; the indents all the curly braces in the correct&nbsp;&nbsp; spot and speaking of curly braces an easy way to&nbsp; understand the scope of it is to what when one&nbsp;&nbsp; when you click on the lines I'm clicking on on&nbsp; line 34 and then you notice on line 19 that it&nbsp;&nbsp; lit up watch line 19. it lit up yellow real quick&nbsp; to let me know what the scope is another way to do&nbsp;&nbsp; that is hold command and hover over it so now look&nbsp; at line 34 and 19. right you see them highlighting&nbsp;&nbsp; this is a quick one command plus or minus to make&nbsp; your font bigger or smaller so obviously I have&nbsp;&nbsp; to have my font blown up for the video so this&nbsp; is super helpful for me but uh yeah if you want&nbsp;&nbsp; to make your font bigger or smaller you're trying&nbsp; to make it fit on a smaller laptop screen super&nbsp;&nbsp; handy this text is our first and last name of our&nbsp; profile well if I command click on the text you&nbsp;&nbsp; can see a bunch of options right embeddonate deck&nbsp; embed and v stack embedded in the list well I want&nbsp;&nbsp; to extract sub view let's say I want to refactor&nbsp; this text out and call it let's go down here&nbsp;&nbsp; by the way it always goes to the bottom and you&nbsp; see it called it extracted view let's say I want&nbsp;&nbsp; to name this name text View and you can see it's&nbsp; gonna I'm gonna need a profile cannot find profile&nbsp;&nbsp; and scope so we'll say VAR profile is oftype ddg&nbsp; profile it's quick little refactoring but what's&nbsp;&nbsp; nice is that we factored out this view into a&nbsp; struct and then now I already have it was called&nbsp;&nbsp; extracted sub view remember this is now main text&nbsp; view with a profile that I pass in a profile but&nbsp;&nbsp; now that was a very quick refactor now let's say I&nbsp; don't have time to refactor the rest of this but I&nbsp;&nbsp; also don't want to forget about it hashtag warning&nbsp; see with the message say refactor this later and&nbsp;&nbsp; then now what you'll see is this is now showing&nbsp; up as a warning you can go to your warnings list&nbsp;&nbsp; over here on the left refactor this later so it's&nbsp; a nice way to leave little to Do's for yourself&nbsp;&nbsp; and then look at all your warnings to see you know&nbsp; what you need to go back and fix so this is how I&nbsp;&nbsp; leave my to Do's now let's say you get interrupted&nbsp; and you have to go to lunch or you're to a meeting&nbsp;&nbsp; and you really do not want to forget what you were&nbsp; doing so you can also make this a hashtag error&nbsp;&nbsp; and say you know this must be done so now instead&nbsp; of a warning it's an error so now when you come&nbsp;&nbsp; back to your code you can't even run your project&nbsp; right you'll get a build failed so this is a giant&nbsp;&nbsp; red alert to let yourself know something and again&nbsp; I use this when I get interrupted I'm gonna go to&nbsp;&nbsp; meeting having to go on a call maybe I just have&nbsp; to drop my code for an emergency I always leave a&nbsp;&nbsp; quick little error to let myself know where I&nbsp; was and I cannot continue past this one point&nbsp;&nbsp; so we'll go ahead and delete that error and then&nbsp; quick little shortcuts so sometimes errors won't&nbsp;&nbsp; go away or maybe you lose your syntax highlighting&nbsp; well the ER just went away but a nice little handy&nbsp;&nbsp; shortcut combo if you do command shift K you&nbsp; see clean succeeded so that cleans your build&nbsp;&nbsp; folder and then do a command B you'll see build&nbsp; succeeded that will rebuild your project so again&nbsp;&nbsp; if xcode's acting funny errors won't go away the&nbsp; old clean and build will clear up the issue more&nbsp;&nbsp; often than not speaking of builds if you have a&nbsp; large project build times really become an issue&nbsp;&nbsp; so it's great to be able to see your build times&nbsp; right in xcode in order to do that it's a quick&nbsp;&nbsp; little command in terminal and I'll have this&nbsp; in the description that you can copy and paste&nbsp;&nbsp; so paste that in there you see defaults right&nbsp; com.aplexo show build operation duration yes so&nbsp;&nbsp; hit return now it does that so now in xcode when&nbsp; I do a command B you'll see in the upper right&nbsp;&nbsp; 0.051 seconds now of course this project is super&nbsp; simple and I'm on an M1 Max so that is expected&nbsp;&nbsp; of course a larger project will take a little&nbsp; longer but if you really want to dive into the&nbsp;&nbsp; build process so now I'm going to clean and build&nbsp; again and if we click this icon on the right you&nbsp;&nbsp; can see my latest build was 10.54 click on that&nbsp; now you can see well it automatically showed up&nbsp;&nbsp; let me undo that I think I was messing with that&nbsp; before but if I right click show in Timeline you&nbsp;&nbsp; can see here is my build being compiled and&nbsp; if I hold option and zoom in all the way so&nbsp;&nbsp; you can see that is how all the time of my build&nbsp; is being spent so you can really dive in to see&nbsp;&nbsp; what's going on with your build now I do have&nbsp; the Creator view build up here that you can see&nbsp;&nbsp; this is probably more in-depth one of a larger&nbsp; project of what's going on but you can see that&nbsp;&nbsp; build took like 10 seconds and again you can dive&nbsp; in like look oh man compile asset catalogs that&nbsp;&nbsp; is taking 4.28 seconds maybe I should dive into&nbsp; that and see what's going on see if I can optimize&nbsp;&nbsp; that a little bit so again a nice way to analyze&nbsp; your build maybe see what's taking so long if you&nbsp;&nbsp; think it's taking longer than it should showing&nbsp; built timeline is new in xcode 14. okay back to&nbsp;&nbsp; dub dub grub let's get out of this build timeline&nbsp; let's go to our assets so again new and xcode 14&nbsp;&nbsp; you can have single asset for your app icon as&nbsp; you see here we used to have to create different&nbsp;&nbsp; app sizes in a design tool import them all it was&nbsp; super tedious super long now if you open up the&nbsp;&nbsp; right panel over here in the attributes inspector&nbsp; you can see iOS all sizes xcode 13 that is old if&nbsp;&nbsp; I do single size now as long as you have a 1024&nbsp; Point image xcode will scale that down to the&nbsp;&nbsp; proper image sizes so no more importing 20 to 30&nbsp; different app icons let's talk about test flight&nbsp;&nbsp; feedback right in xcode now again this is also&nbsp; new in xcode 14. so window organizer feedback&nbsp;&nbsp; you see this feedback tab well dub dub grub beta&nbsp; was never up on test flight so let's go to Creator&nbsp;&nbsp; view iOS which was on test flight as you can see&nbsp; you can switch to multiple apps multiple platforms&nbsp;&nbsp; so creative view iOS you can see the screenshots&nbsp; they took if I click on one you can see any notes&nbsp;&nbsp; you can read anything you can email the person&nbsp; if they left their email address your email Rich&nbsp;&nbsp; aesthetic there you go I can email them and say&nbsp; hey what's up what happened with this so anyway&nbsp;&nbsp; test flight feedback built right into xcode Super&nbsp; convenient next up are you tired of seeing this&nbsp;&nbsp; pop up every time you upload to the app store or&nbsp; test flight well there's a way to make that never&nbsp;&nbsp; show up again so if you go into your project here&nbsp; go into your P list so it's info now it's up here&nbsp;&nbsp; in the top and then you can add a property on&nbsp; your P list say app uses and you see non-exempt&nbsp;&nbsp; encryption click on that hit no or yes if it&nbsp; does you know whatever yours is but now this will&nbsp;&nbsp; automatically answer that pop-up and it won't show&nbsp; up when you upload a test flight I got a few more&nbsp;&nbsp; for you but first let's hear from today's sponsor&nbsp; Squarespace Squarespace is an all-in-one platform&nbsp;&nbsp; to help you get that iOS Developer portfolio blog&nbsp; or personal website up and running very quickly&nbsp;&nbsp; now I know we're all developers with these skills&nbsp; and the desire to build the web page ourselves but&nbsp;&nbsp; I would argue There's an opportunity cost to your&nbsp; time if you're an iOS Developer trying to build a&nbsp;&nbsp; great product a great app maybe spending a lot of&nbsp; time learning the ins and outs of web development&nbsp;&nbsp; responsive design isn't the best way to spend your&nbsp; time that's why I recommend Squarespace to build&nbsp;&nbsp; that personal website the blog your portfolio or&nbsp; maybe a landing page for your app they they have&nbsp;&nbsp; all kinds of beautiful themes and templates to get&nbsp; you started they handle all the analytics and the&nbsp;&nbsp; SEO for you again it just saves you so much time&nbsp; so you can get back to doing what you want to do&nbsp;&nbsp; and that is building iOS apps so when you're ready&nbsp; to get started go to squarespace.com to start your&nbsp;&nbsp; free trial and when you're ready to launch go&nbsp; to squarespace.com seanallen to get 10 off your&nbsp;&nbsp; first purchase of a website or domain to show you&nbsp; the last few tips I'm going to use my cloud kit&nbsp;&nbsp; manager file but I want to navigate there quickly&nbsp; so if you do command shift o to open quickly you&nbsp;&nbsp; can type whatever file you're looking for so I can&nbsp; go Cloud kit manager boom there it is before I go&nbsp;&nbsp; there you can also search by Method so say I want&nbsp; to find create user so I'll type in create and&nbsp;&nbsp; you can see all the methods right create profile&nbsp; create profile record create voiceover summary&nbsp;&nbsp; anywhere reason for it so you can search by Method&nbsp; name or by file name so we want to go to the cloud&nbsp;&nbsp; kit manager hit return there you go I'm in the&nbsp; cloud kit manager I get asked about this theme&nbsp;&nbsp; all the time the black background the different&nbsp; colors so to change your theme go to xcode&nbsp;&nbsp; settings see the themes tab here and here's a list&nbsp; of all the themes you can see my themes changing&nbsp;&nbsp; so cool you can pick one that you like again&nbsp; I pick midnight but you can also customize&nbsp;&nbsp; every little thing so for example I customize my&nbsp; comments to be gray by default these are going&nbsp;&nbsp; to be bright green like these but look at my code&nbsp; here I like my comments comment I just don't like&nbsp;&nbsp; them to be dominant I like them to be visible&nbsp; but I don't want them to be too loud back to&nbsp;&nbsp; the settings so you can you can change the color&nbsp; of each individual thing strings numbers all this&nbsp;&nbsp; stuff you can change the font you can change the&nbsp; font size so you can super customize your theme&nbsp;&nbsp; to be whatever you want okay let's talk about&nbsp; documenting your code a bit so let's get rid of&nbsp;&nbsp; the comment let's scroll down to a function with&nbsp; parameters cool get checked in profiles if I click&nbsp;&nbsp; in the function name do command option slash you&nbsp; can see it gives me some built-in documentation&nbsp;&nbsp; so I want to describe what this function does&nbsp; it retrieves checked in profiles I'm doing this&nbsp;&nbsp; super quick for the video of course you would be&nbsp; more descriptive to help other programmers that&nbsp;&nbsp; are using your code know what's up hey it takes in&nbsp; one parameter if there's more parameters it would&nbsp;&nbsp; list more what is what does this parameter do I&nbsp; see location ID for the the food place and then&nbsp;&nbsp; this returns you can look at your function it&nbsp; returns an array of dgg profiles so you'll say&nbsp;&nbsp; it returns a list of users checked into the food&nbsp; place and here we go here's our spell check again&nbsp;&nbsp; I saw that red line pop up I know I misspelled&nbsp; that great again I type something real quick&nbsp;&nbsp; you would want to be much more descriptive in your&nbsp; documentation speaking of documentation say you're&nbsp;&nbsp; new to a code base and you're not super familiar&nbsp; with cloudkit so you're like what is a CK record&nbsp;&nbsp; what is a CK record ID what is a CK record dot&nbsp; reference if you hold option and click on it&nbsp;&nbsp; you can get Apple's documentation hit this little&nbsp; button to see it bigger that's like a preview okay&nbsp;&nbsp; ckrucker.reference here is everything you need&nbsp; to know about ckrecord dot reference and all that&nbsp;&nbsp; stuff great option click into ckrecord.id open&nbsp; developer documentation there you go here's all&nbsp;&nbsp; the documentation on CK record ID it's not just&nbsp; the description of what it does it shows you how&nbsp;&nbsp; to initialize it if there's any like methods or&nbsp; properties on it it will list them here so again&nbsp;&nbsp; when you're trying to learn a specific function or&nbsp; specific code option clicking into it and reading&nbsp;&nbsp; Apple's documentation super problem let's show&nbsp; the minimap so up here on this icon here where&nbsp;&nbsp; you show your Swift UI canvas you can hit minimap&nbsp; now this is a mini map of your entire file so if&nbsp;&nbsp; you have a really large file or maybe your font is&nbsp; super zoomed in like mine is as you can see as I'm&nbsp;&nbsp; hovering over this it is showing me the function&nbsp; name that's the function name the function name&nbsp;&nbsp; the function name so quick way to navigate around&nbsp; your big file should you want to that is the mini&nbsp;&nbsp; map okay let's get rid of the mini map because I&nbsp; need some space here so minimap gone let's talk&nbsp;&nbsp; about multiple editors because especially when&nbsp; you have a big monitor or multiple monitors or&nbsp;&nbsp; an ultra wide this is a lifesaver so if you hold&nbsp; option and click on a file it's going to open it&nbsp;&nbsp; up in the assistant editor well this one has a&nbsp; swift UI preview so that looks a little cramped&nbsp;&nbsp; also looks a little cramped I'm gonna do command&nbsp; minus because again my font has to be blown up for&nbsp;&nbsp; these videos but right now we're not talking about&nbsp; code so I'll make it as small as it normally is&nbsp;&nbsp; when I'm coding okay so that's two editors great&nbsp; let's say I wanted a third hit this little button&nbsp;&nbsp; up here to the right that pulls up a third great&nbsp; now if you hold option while hovering over over&nbsp;&nbsp; that you'll notice the icon change you can have&nbsp; a horizontal and vertical editor so if I'm going&nbsp;&nbsp; to hold option click it now I get a horizontal&nbsp; editor below that so again this is a great way&nbsp;&nbsp; if you have a lot of screen real estate to see&nbsp; multiple code files open at once and let's say&nbsp;&nbsp; you want to open up a new file if you hold option&nbsp; on that new file you get to pick where it goes so&nbsp;&nbsp; I'm hovering over each one of these quadrants and&nbsp; then you see if I put it in the middle that will&nbsp;&nbsp; open up a brand new one let's say I want to put&nbsp; it in the middle there you go there's that file&nbsp;&nbsp; in the middle now let's say you're working on a&nbsp; laptop and you want to go to full screen mode to&nbsp;&nbsp; get all the real estate you can so hit the green&nbsp; icon up there to go into full screen mode get rid&nbsp;&nbsp; of the left panel get rid of the right panel you&nbsp; need all the screen real estate you can get when&nbsp;&nbsp; you're in this full screen mode this is great for&nbsp; laptops again if you just hover over to the left&nbsp;&nbsp; your Navigator will will pop out if you hover&nbsp; over to the right that right pane will pop out&nbsp;&nbsp; so again great way to save space and only have&nbsp; this stuff showing when you need it by hovering

  Top Comments:
  1. @seanallen [3 likes]: My iOS Development Courses - https://seanallen.teachable.com
  2. @andrewiglinski148 [2 likes]: Ah dude this is honestly my biggest struggle with Swift and Apple dev stuff in general. I'm a f---ing boss with Vim and I'm ok going back to vscode when I need to for Jupyter stuff or the occasional debug sesh... but X-code is such a huge change. It's super powerful and I admire the people that are super good with it, but it's been a struggle for this vim-bro.
  3. @jiali6507 [1 likes]: The content you shared is very practical, thank you!
  4. @ChingHungArt [1 likes]: Stunning tips even at 2025
  5. @selvarajant [1 likes]: This is super useful. thanks a lot. 💛
  6. @michaelp.6511 [1 likes]: You make my day much easier now bro 😎 🎉 much thanks
  7. @reidbrown7841 [1 likes]: This is fantastic. Thank you
  8. @Hasan-po6ud [1 likes]: Thanks
  9. @rocketbro.h [1 likes]: My friend this is gold. That vertical select thing caused an audible whoop of joy
  10. @nuriddinburkhonov5214 [1 likes]: Very educational, thanks!
  11. @vladislav2587 [1 likes]: Thanks! Last tip is perfect for 13inch laptop.
  12. @cryptosid8006 [1 likes]: Excellent tips here, my fave: 2:23 edit all in scope, very nice.
  13. @vedwards5027: Best video ever!
  14. @gauthamvijayan: God tier content.
  15. @RanjsaBiswase: Taylor Jennifer Miller Nancy Clark Michael
  16. @isc873: i am software enginner working for several 3years. 
I want to become an Apple software developer (using Apple product development language).
What do you think about the learning materials and the future as an Apple developer?
  17. @LebenWerden: If I execute print, I want the print output currently in the console to be cleared, and the new print output to appear there. It's annoying to click on the trash can icon every time. I haven't found anything in the settings.
  18. @aleksandertesenkov1421: Great tips. Unfortunately, not all of them works for me. The tip 17 “Extract subview” at 7:23 doesn’t work for me. I use Xcode 15.0.1. Right-click brings the popup with multiple different functions grouped in sections. The multiple extract functions are under the “Refactor”, but it is no “Extract into Subview”. Am I do something wrong or Apple removed this function in XCode 15?
  19. @af2b: Hi Sean! hope you good!!!

One day I wan't to became like you in iOS Development. Have a good day master =)
  20. @norah8201: Great, thank you.

- Fix Simple Xcode Errors in minutes!: Kind: captions Language: en hey this is Todd for money from apps calm today what I want to do is go over just a quick sequence that I go through to clean up little errors in Xcode it doesn't always work but anytime I have something that you start to recognize the same errors and you know this is where I start so click on Xcode go to product clean and then I go back up to product hit the option key scroll down to clean build folder then I go to Xcode preferences locations click on drive data and double click on here everything in this folder right here I usually select and then move to trash right click move to trash and then I also double click on archives right here and select anything that's in there right click send to trash again you're not deleting these files you're just getting into deleting the contents of these and then I empty my trash close out Xcode and when you close that Xcode be sure I mean you can hit this but be sure there's not a little dot under it down in your menu so I usually just go down to the menu right click and then go to the bottom and quit and I launch the product or I'm sorry the project and that usually works cleaning up a lot of little errors it doesn't you can move on to the more complicated things but at least you won't have to regret not trying the simple one so this is Todd for money from mass comm have a good one see ya

  Top Comments:
  1. @OfficialVybsta [2 likes]: AT 1:24 THAT RIGHT CLICK MENU THING IS NOT ON SCREEN SOWE ANT SEE THAT
  2. @oninizer [1 likes]: Thanks dude!
  3. @aditya_2420 [1 likes]: How can I fix this issue

ld: building for iOS Simulator, but linking in dylib file (/Users/abhisheksingh/Desktop/Headstrt_Code/july_release/ios/Flutter/Flutter.framework/Flutter) built for iOS, file '/Users/abhisheksingh/Desktop/Headstrt_Code/july_release/ios/Flutter/Flutter.framework/Flutter' for architecture arm64
  4. @peerapongpetsungnern9158 [1 likes]: Thank you.
  5. @evannsx9334: when i run the shortcut it says "the request was denied by service delegate (SBMainWorkspace) for reason: Security and then it said it has an invalid code signature, inadequate entitlements or its profile has not been explicitly trusted by the user
  6. @micaazev: arrasou
  7. @AndrewMulqueen: does this still work in 2024
  8. @syedbraders: Failed to validate Mac AppStore receipt?
  9. @alanosvaldomolinasabalsa4908: You are god!
  10. @gofchu: okay, a 3 minutes just to say you cannot.
  11. @AppleHoi: İts not worked
  12. @Queenbeeinfinity: Wooow you saved my life ❤
  13. @iamyou6555: This worked!!!!

- How to setup iOS Environment (Dev, Staging and production) in Xcode: Kind: captions Language: en Welcome back to our YouTube channel. In today's session, we will learn to setup different types of environments in our application. By different types of environments, we mean our webcam environments like development, strengthening, and production. We are going to learn how to setup them in our iOS application and what are the best practices for that. So let's start. Here I have created a normal project. Right now, there is nothing inside it. It is empty. This is our complete controller and controller. We have installed ports in it. So, we have nothing to do with the environment setup of the installed ports. But if we already have ports installed in our project, after that we are going to setup this configuration. We are going to setup the entire environment. So, we also have to understand how it works. If it is not installed in your project, then you do not need to do all this. You have to do it the way we used to do it. There will be just one extra step for ports, you will not have to follow that. So, let's start. So, first of all, what do we have to do in our We have to create configuration inside this, so for configuration first we will click on the project, there are some configurations here like here we have debut, release, so here we have to create three environments for ourselves, development, production and staging, so now how are we going to create here, we will type on create plus, whatever our environment has become one, we will create our staging for release, for that release configuration, so here I have created all my configurations, for development this is the development configuration for Deepak and for release this is our staging and production and from here we will select duplicate, here we have changed the neem for development, so here we have set the neem campaign profile, analyze here Deepak Dev and here the release date, so here we have set everything up and will close it, in this way we will create this for development, similarly for production we will create it here, we will write it from the front, in this way we have created our skin here, it is responsible for development and this For staging and this for production, so here we have to run the build, whichever environment we want to run it in, we will select that one and run it, but our work is not complete yet, what we have to do now is to create some scheme in it, like what do we have vacancies, there are different types of URLs or there are different APIs, so what do we have to do for them, whatever values we have, whatever data we have, they should run in parallel, that data will have to be filled in, that data will have to be kept somewhere, so what do we have to do for that, for that we will have to create export configuration files, so let's see how to create that, here we created a folder, now what we have to do is let's create one inside it, in development staging we have the staging URL, in production we have our production URL, so what have we done in this way, we have created three different endpoints or base URLs, you can understand them, we have created them here, now how to code it Let's see inside that, let's go to the configuration file that we created, let's go to this one, select here, select the file under dev and staging, we are setting the configuration file that we created here, sorry inside production, production, this configuration file that we created, we set it with the configuration of our project, the values will be set inside it, now we have to see how it will be, it shows that if we have our ports here, how will all the ports be setup with our configuration inside it, so what did we do for that, if you did not install the board then it is fine, there is no problem, you will install the port after that, then everything will work, but now what did you do, the board is already installed, so what is it doing in it, so what is it, let's see, how will we solve it, so for that, first of all what will we have to do, our export project file will have to be deleted and our ports file will have to be deleted, so let's do that, from here we will have to delete this, I deleted it, we deleted all this, so I have to install it again. Now here, our configuration files which are under ports have been set with this. If sometimes it is not set here, then where we install it, it gives an error in the terminal that there will be one thing, what you have to do is, you will have to mention hastinct in your configuration file along with loading, so you can write it and copy it. If such an error persists, if it does not come then it is fine, there is no problem. Now we have done this much, so now what we have to do is to access this URL in our project, how to access it, I copied this name from here and what should we do and here we created it here and wrote dollar here and put this bracket with it, YouTube, it was copied, we copied it from here inside confuse and here we named it one and here we named it with dollar. Now, how do we have to access it, so to access it, we create a separate file. Whatever will be the name of our project in any environment file name, we will write the name of the project in it, for example, let's take react [praise], so in this way we have named our project, we can do it anywhere, but creating a class is more efficient because it will be better to access all the environment data in one place, so for that we create a class, our class will be Daemon, it is better to create it than the environment class, so what we have to do for it is to write the code for it, first of all we are accessing the info dictionary here, there will be info dictionary inside it, if it is not like this then we create a url here, fatal error found, so in this way we have our information [praise] here, the URL, first of all we will get the string from there, we will copy it [music], we will copy it from here, we have done it here, here we have got our urllist, now what we have to do is convert it into a URL We have to do that in American, so here we have not done anything in this file, demo environment, first of all what we did in this is that we fetched the info dictionary here, okay, as we searched the info dictionary, so what we did in this info, from the route URL that we had created, we fetched that string, that URL or converted that URL into URL and returned it inside it, now let us see how we can do this in our controller, whether you have a controller or a web service manager or any model, how do we access it there, so let us see that, after printing here, what should we name our file, demo environment dot route staging.google.com, let us run, let us see it is giving here, okay, here in our configuration files, we do not need to put comms here, we should never put it here, if we are creating any string, then we will have to remove it, so let us run again and see, here google.com if For example, if we change it from here to production, let's see what happens. [Music] Look, he printed it out in the production configuration file for the production one. Similarly, we can create more variables here. For example, if we're accessing something, we have an API key. So, that's production. Here we typed " fru." And so, for stitching development, we want to see that we first need to go into our filesystem and create a variable. And here we put "dollar." And the file we created here, the environment key, which we created inside the PI list, is named here. Now let's access it and see. It should be printed here. We can access it this way. So, in this way, we can setup the different types of environments within our app. So, let's wrap up what we did. The first thing we did in our project was go here and create the configuration. For different Deepak and for release, we set up development, staging and production. Then what we did after that was we created all the schemes from the scheme here for development, stitching and production. What we did inside these schemes was like if you open the edit scheme and see, then what we did was that we went inside and set the configuration there. We went here and set that thing, that configuration here. Like the first Deepak was there, so we selected production here because it is a production scheme. Then after that, the configuration that we created in the beginning, here the environment is there inside them. What we did was that we selected the configuration that we created here with these. Here, whatever configuration is there, it should be set according to that. If it is debaab, sorry, it is of debaab, then it should be set for debaab and if it is production, it is production, it is staging of staging, we set all these things here. Then the data that we had created here, as much as To access the values that we have, what we did was that we created some keys inside the yellow icon. What we did inside it was that whatever our values are, in this way we can setup different types of environments inside our application.

  Top Comments:
  1. @mehdiparsaei1867 [1 likes]: Thanks for the video, I have a question? Should we create staging app on App Store Connect for Staging?
  2. @gabrieljaramillo6255 [1 likes]: broo... if you put titles in english... please keep it in english, I wasn't able to understand anything you said.
  3. @amityadav85 [1 likes]: nice! very well done!
  4. @RahulPathania-xs6rj [1 likes]: When I am pushing my code to GitHub all the Environment configuration vanishes and never saves. When I took clone of my project, I can't able to see my environment....any idea or solution?
  5. @cmlra [1 likes]: Excellent Explanation thanks.
Which env will be selected at the time of making Archive ?
  6. @samansaeedi102: If you wanna speak Indian why do you say hello guys at the beginning of the video??????
  7. @VitthalInRajasthan: Thanks a lot. But how to use specific google-service.plist
  8. @mehdiparsaei1867: Thanks for the video. 
I have a question:
Everything is set on XCode for staging and production. How about the App Store Connect? Do  I need a different app for the staging variant? 
I created an id for staging, but I can not deeply this archive (stg) to TestFlight, It is looking for a staging app on ASC, but I don't need a staging app.
What is wrong then?
Thank in advance!
  9. @AmitPatel_.: Thank you sir!
  10. @soumyadeepmaiti5489: I need a help.. can you please help me out ?
  11. @sathyamoorthynagalingam6658: iOS environment variable replace to branches on dev, stage, production. to  do any python script script or models
  12. @TusharPatil-le5em: sir all swift pe video banayana
  13. @ranganathchenna4559: :goodvibes: good job :hand-pink-waving:

- Week 50 | Self-Hosted Runners vs. TestFlight Red Tape: Kind: captions Language: en Hello, you're watching the development vlog for Shoken, a multiplatform weightless management tool soon to be available on Android and iOS. This is week 50 of development. The current status is that the Android alpha version is ready and available for testing on the Play Store. However, the iOS test flight is not yet ready. This is the current focus of development and last week the task was to complete iOS test flight on boarding but I didn't manage to finish that. It turned out to be a bit more complicated than I originally anticipated. Ran into two issues. The first issue is a GitHub Mac OS runner issue and the second issue is the iOS test flight policy issue. So with regards to the first issue, as I mentioned last week, to run any to build any iOS app, you have to use a Mac OS operating system, Mac OS device, in other words. And in order to have that accomplished in my GitHub actions uh automatic CI/CD deployment pipeline, I have to add a Mac OS runner to build to test and then build my iOS app and then have it automatically deploy to iOS test flight. Now to be clear, this is done, but it took longer than anticipated. One of the things of Mac OS runners on GitHub actions is that it consumes 10 times as many credits as a Linux runner. In other words, my free 2,000 minute credit was burnt in four or five builds because every build is about 30 to 35, maybe even 40 minutes. And at some point, I ran into the issue of get GitHub actions not building because I was testing my um uh GitHub actions pipeline. and it just wasn't building. And I noticed that I ran out of my minutes. What this triggered was my intention to bring this build process offline. In other words, instead of building using GitHub actions runners, I would use my self-hosted runners. During that deployment ran into a couple of other issues. So the first situation is that you're really not supposed to do this but I am doing this. Uh I'm running it on my personal machine and one of the reasons you're not supposed to do that is because it essentially download the if you have a GitHub actions runner on your self-hosted machine that machine essentially executes any code that's being sent by GitHub actions. In other words, you know, that's a attack ve vector and the best practice is to make sure that you secure the device and make sure that you only run it with a trusted repo. And currently, it's fine, right? I'm the only person who's committing to this repo and having all control of uh everything. But in production, you're supposed to be more security-minded than what I'm currently doing. That said, anyways, that that wasn't actually the problem. I wasn't trying to lock it down and that that wasn't where I ran into the issue. The issue right I ran into was that when you're using GitHub GitHub actions on GitHub using GitHub runners, all the environments that they spin up for your actions are ephemeral, right? They come, they give you a clean environment and then you do your thing and then they go out and then next time you do it, it's the same clean environment. You can expect consistency when you're doing GitHub actions runner on your personal device. You cannot expect that consist consistency. Now again, there's a better way of doing this which is actually spinning up a docker environment and then cleanse it um do your stuff in it and then bring it down and then remove all the ephemeral data. I didn't do that. That's that's way too much effort. So if you're running it just locally in your personal environment, you have to make sure you clean the environment first, do your thing, and then clean your environment before you exit. So I ran into this I wasn't thinking this ran into the situation where my first run was great successful and then started having issues because there's a lot of uh uh stale build files that caused issues file lock er errors and stuff like that. So, it took a little bit of uh diagnostics to figure out what the problems are and then put in the correct clean instructions at the beginning of the GitHub actions to make it work. Now, to be clear, later down the line when I transition back to GitHub actions and actually start paying for the minutes, I wouldn't have to change my GitHub actions because those extra extra cleaning steps that I put in ought to work regardless of the environment. In any case, this problem is fixed. And I also moved well currently I moved all the GitHub actions onto my self-hosted uh GitHub runners because I don't have any minutes at this point until the end of the month and I have to keep developing. In other words, I have to be able to use the GitHub actions. So all the actions are now on running on self-hosted GitHub runners when it goes into production. At some point, I'm going to move them back up and start paying the cloud credits to run them. But at this point, thankfully, I have a solution. I don't have to worry about every time when I push it to remote that, you know, running the tests as well as the uh build verifications would take up so much of my uh minutes and running out of the minutes before the end of the month. So that that was the challenge number one, the Mac OS runner uh expensiveness causing a string of issues that I had to deal with. The second issue I ran into was the iOS test flight policy issue. So this is actually not very clear. I tried to find information online as well as uh uh written policy and I also asked AI about this to summarize docu legal documents for me. It's just not very consistent and I think that's the name of the game. So to be clear, when you upload any app to iOS, and same with Android, by the way, the app has to be approved, reviewed and approved. And for production apps, the review and approval process can be ownorous and I understand that. I haven't gotten there yet. on Google Play Store the if you're doing alpha testing internal testing and alpha testing the review was very lax uh from my experience it's been automated so every time when I push uh an app to a a uh APK to the play store the review process would take no more than five say five to 15 minutes which suggests to me that it was automated in other words there was not a human manual reviewer doing it that would take like over a With test flight on the other hand, my understanding is that's different. They're more stringent and currently I actually need to fill out all the metadata information as well as the uh store listing information. You know, all the pictures, screenshots, icons, descriptions, and all those things which I've been using sort of a a placeholder version of those things on Google Play Store. It was not a problem. But my understanding is the iOS test flight has a I suppose a higher level of standard. You actually need to put some effort into making those things. So I need to get those done. And the biggest issue that I think I discovered is that my app requires a login and has to right. And one of the things that I discovered, one of the major most common rejection reasons from iOS is that if you have a login for your app, you must offer Apple login. And I have not implemented that. My code at this point is completely platform agnostic. Um, in other words, I there's really not a lot of platform specific code in my repo. I want to keep it as as centralized as possible and to maintain one, you know, codebase. With the Apple login on the other hand, if I if they force me to do that, I will have no choice but to implement it on iOS platform specifically. In other words, this would be extra code that I'd have to write in in an environment that I'm not as comfortable with just to make this login work so that I can be approved for app store distribution for test flight in other words for alpha or for internal. So I my plan at this moment because at this point we still don't know there's not again like I mentioned earlier at the beginning of this report there does not seem to be a consistent situation with regards to whether or not this is required for test flight. So, my plan is to actually do the store listing and and everything and actually put in a proper logo and get proper screenshots and make it look very nice and stuff. I'm going to just submit it and see if it gets approved. If it comes back with this rejection reason, then, you know, they forced my hand that I I'd have to implement Apple login. in which case I probably will do Android uh Android login Google login as well for Android as well as Apple because one of the reasons there's another reason that I really don't want to implement Apple login which is the Apple login gives you options to obscure your identity as a user your email address and stuff like that which is fine I mean understand people's I guess uh uh preference for privacy. But for this particular app, which is focused more on the business side of things, in other words, you're a business owner, you're a restaurant owner, and then you want to use the weight list management app, you would sign up. The privacy situation is not as important in a way because they I would imagine most of them will want to have actually have a transparent relationship with me. And that's the first thing. The second, so in other words, it provide the email ab uh obscurity or the the hiding the hide my email part of it is has less value to my target audience. That's number one. And number two, it creates additional administrative overhead for somebody like me. Like imagine if somebody submits a a support ticket and what's your email address and I can't find your email address in my database. How do I how am I supposed to help you? or how am I supposed and then I have to independently verify the person's identity as well as uh later down the line if when and then if I introduce paid options linking those two things together would be it's just a lot of headache so that's another reason why I don't want to use Apple signin the obscure my email part of it I think gives me a lot of headache and uh anxiety at this point but then Again, you know, if they require it, I would have no option but to implement this. So, it is what it is. And you can't ignore the iOS market because iOS seems to be much more apparently folks on iOS are much more willing to spend money on apps. And for somebody for something that I want to maintain long term, revenue is an important consideration factor. But that's my rant for this week. So in summary, last week I didn't finish the on boarding for iOS test flight. Explained the two reasons. Reason number one, the Mac OS runners very expensive. Had to come up with the self-hosted runner situation on my own devices. Ran into a couple of issues with those during implementation. They're fixed. They're ready. They're now automating every day. The second problem I ran into was the iOS test flight policy uncertainty. And the goal for next week is to fill out the marketing metadata information for my app, submit it without implementing Apple login and see if it gets approved at the very least for alpha testing. That's it with that's it for this week. I'll see you next week.

- How to build an iOS app with GitHub Actions [2023]: Kind: captions Language: en hey everybody Andrew Hogue here your security privacy and forensics expert with the technical walkthrough on how to build an IOS app using GitHub actions even though there are a number of mobile specific CI CD tools out there I really prefer GitHub action for a number of reasons first of all my source code already exists there so I don't have to send it anywhere else second of all everything about my CI CD process is not only part of that repo but it's Source controlled also I spend a lot of time on GitHub and they have a great developer experience so I'm just comfortable with that environment and then lastly the GitHub Marketplace has thousands and thousands of actions that you can reuse but the best part is it's open source so you can actually go out there check out the code see how they're implemented and then incorporate that or the code itself into your CI CD process so let's Dive Right In [Music] I'm actually fairly new to iOS development and if you are as well there's a couple of posts that I've done in the past that you could take a look at to get everything ready everything I talk about here today is on my personal website Don't Panic so just go out to andrewhogue.com click blog or you can also use the search to find what you're looking for the first thing you want to do is make sure that you have xcode installed until I have a number of different ways you can do that with this particular post and then you're going to want to download my sample application or an application that you'd like to test and then you're actually going to want to build an IOS app index code in this particular post I'll walk you through how to do that with the I am Groot app that I built as kind of a Hello World app and then the last post will walk you through how to build that IOS app archive using the command line on your Mac computer if you follow those steps you'll have all the files that you need to automate this in a GitHub action and so I really recommend going down that path there are four General steps that we're going to follow first of all you'll make sure that your code is set up and hopefully you've got the tool chain up and running like I just mentioned second of all we'll get the different configuration inputs that we need for the GitHub action then we'll create the corresponding repository secrets so we can securely access that information from our GitHub action and then lastly we'll create the GitHub action workflow now if you're using your own application you can go ahead and skip the code setup part otherwise take a look at my previous post and I'll link it in the description as well and that'll walk you through downloading my sample application and getting it set up on your computer so next we're going to get the configuration inputs that we need together and there's four of them first of all we need the signing certificate so that the build process can sign your application and you can deploy that you also need a strong passcode with that because that's a really important piece of information and you don't want a certificate out there that anybody else could maybe stumble upon and then reuse to impersonate you the next thing that you'll need is the mobile provisioning profile that contains information about your different entitlements and your team ID all of these are required for xcode build command line tools the next thing that you'll need to do is create a password for the build machine anytime you kick off a GitHub action an ephemeral Runner is created and so you have to do any initialization of that operating system from scratch in order to use the signing certificate and provisioning profiles they need to be stored in the keychain and that requires a password so we'll go ahead and create that and then lastly to export this to an IPA we'll need the export options P list this can be really helpful if you want to push the app to different devices or maybe upload it to a third-party scanning service that needs the IPA it's also a key step that you would do prepare to push the app out to the Apple App Store now if you want to do these things manually there are plenty of blogs out there I've linked to several of them and they'll walk you through the different steps of downloading the certificates from the developer website at Apple or creating the playlist files manually but I'm lazy and because xcode already created all of these files for me I want to just reuse what I have on my system and get this up and running as fast as possible so I'm going to jump between this post and a terminal and if you want to follow along exactly the way that I do this just copy these commands and everything should work so the first thing that we're going to do is create a directory in our home directory called SPF expert and then I've created this iOS Dash deploy just a place to store all of our files so if that doesn't exist it will create it and then we'll change into that particular directory so right now we've got an empty directory next we're going to export the signing certificate and in order to do this you need to run an application called keychain access so if you don't know where that is you can just do a spotlight search by doing command spacebar type in Keychain access hit enter and then make sure you've clicked on log on and then my certificates now if you don't have any certificates here it means that you haven't actually kicked off the build process already on your machine and again I'd highly recommend you go do that or alternatively you can create these things on the Apple developer website and download it to your local workstation but in this particular instance I have two different certificates this was actually a problem for me I didn't know which one to use and I'll show you a tip in a minute on how you can figure that out yourself but after a little trial on air I figured out which one so it's going to be this top one you just click on the certificate click export and then choose where you want to save that make sure that you're saving it into the iOS deploy directory that we created in your home directory and then I'm just going to stick with the default file name of certificates.p12 now that's actually going to prompt you for a password so as I mentioned on the blog there's actually an application that I really like called password store and I'm just going to can't really see the command here sorry I'm going to use password store to take a password that I already created and then I'm going to go and copy that to my clipboard and I'm just going to paste this in here so that's going to create the password and then you have to actually type in your system password okay once you do that it's going to go ahead and create the file for you and this would be again a password encrypted certificate now as I mentioned there's a tip that I have about how I figured out which certificate to use and I was doing a bit of trial and error and I kept getting a certificate error or a provisioning profile error so I went ahead and built the app command line on my workstation and in the output from the build process there's a Code sign section and in the code sign section you can actually see the signing identity so this is the one that starts with zjn for me and the provisioning profile and once I had that information I knew exactly what I needed to use so back in the terminal the next thing that we need is our mobile provisioning profile and as you saw from the previous screen that actually exists on the system we know exactly where it is so Apple Stores these in a directory in your home directory called Library mobile device mobile provisioning profiles if you take a look at that you can see I've got a couple of provisioning profiles in here and the one beginning with 1d0 is the one that we want so let's go ahead and copy 1d0 into our working directory here so now I've got the certificate and I've got the provisioning profile now as I mentioned earlier we're going to need a password so that we can create a keychain on our Mac OS Runner and I touched on the pass command just a minute ago let me show you briefly how that works so you can install this with Brew or download it directly from their website it also works on Linux and other systems but I'm actually going to go create a new password and I'm going to generate a 18 digit password and I have this kind of scratch space that I use under just temp temp and so I'm going to say go create an 18 digit password for me go ahead and overwrite the value because I don't really care about this value and it'll generate it for me right down here you can see this password and as I showed you earlier you can then just come out and say pass minus C temp temp and then that'll copy to the clipboard so that just makes it really convenient to do things command line all this uses gpg to encrypt the data and you can actually store all of this in a git repo so you can have password history as needed so we'll go ahead and use that as our temporary password and then the last thing that we need is the export options P list so let me go ahead and clear my directory here and again that's going to help you go from an X archive into an IPA file and if you've built the app command line before it actually already exists for you in the build directory so since we've done that I'm going to go ahead and copy that so for me that exists in the IM group directory in a build directory that I created and it's just called export optionsplist and again I'm going to go ahead and copy that here so now we have the different configuration inputs that we need and now we're ready to go ahead and create a repository secrets now the way that this works is you're going to go out to your Repository wherever that might be and then you're going to click on settings secrets and variables and then we want to do this for GitHub actions and you can see I already have a number of these set up so I don't want to go through and reconfigure all of them for you but let's just do one of them real quick so let's assume our keychain password is something that we want to get rid of and recreate okay let's pop back over to our terminal let's go ahead and copy our password into our clipboard for 45 seconds and then I'm going to create a new repository Secret called keychain password I'm going to go ahead and paste that in there now when you're doing this for the other values they're actually binary values and you can't just paste them into that text box so what we're going to do instead is use something called base64 encoding and what that does is it takes the binary data and it serializes it into ASCII data that you can then copy into text boxes and more easily transmit and store and the way that that works is you just use the base64 command tell it what file you want in this particular instance let's do the mobile provisioning profile and then you can pass it through PB copy that'll copy it directly to your clipboard so it makes it really easy to then just paste in as a secret before I do that let me just show you what this looks like so here there's a normal file that would be an xmlp list file and now we've encoded it into base64 format so let's just put that into PB copy and then I'll come back over and show you how that works I'm not going to actually create this secret so you put in your secret name in this instance it would be build underscore provision underscore profile underscore base64 and then you can literally just paste it in here directly so make sure you go through and set up all five of these different Secrets as repository secrets and then we'll be ready to go on to building the actual GitHub workflow now this was the part that was really overwhelming for me at first and then I stumbled across this really fantastic document from GitHub where they talk about how to install Apple certificates on a Mac OS runner for xcode development and so you can literally kind of follow along here they even put in a sample yaml file and when you follow that everything basically just works and then you can paste in the rest of your code to build your application so let me go ahead and take you through that real quick I'm going to copy these commands I'm going to clear my screen here let me just take you through this real quick so I'm going to change into my source code directory and I'm going to create a GitHub workflow directory if it doesn't exist and then I'm going to go ahead and create an empty file called build IOS app SPF expert.yaml not that file exists it actually won't overwrite it so actually it probably does exist for me so let's come into GitHub workflows let's take a look so yep this file already exists because I had committed it to my repo let me just act like it doesn't exist and we just created an empty version okay so now we have a zero K file and you can just go to this block of code hit the copy button and then use whatever editor of choice that you like I'm going to be using nvim here I'm going to go ahead and insert and paste this in directly now I'm going to walk you through this file in just a second and go ahead and save it real quick now if you're new to this and you've never created this file before you actually need to commit that to your repo so actually to show that off I'm going to make one slight change here and I will add in an extra comment just so that there's something different about it so what you would do in your directory is you look at git status and you'd see that there's been a file that's either new or has been modified if the file is new you do git add and then you'd give it the file name here but again I've already added it so it's not new and then you would do a git commit and we're going to commit this file and then you can give it some sort of commit message added comment okay now that's cached here locally and then I'm going to go ahead and do a git push so that's going to push it up to my repo and then create the actual GitHub action workflow for you now before we jump in there let's go ahead and take a look at the file one more time and kind of walk through how that works so we've got this particular workflow called build IOS app there's different triggers that you can use there's tons of them I'm just using workflow dispatch because that's an easy way to do debugging and testing at basically it allows you to do it manually I put a link out here to another blog that I wrote up that will walk you through the different workflow options and Link you out to the GitHub documentation around it and I'm just going to focus right now on Main now we create a job and in that job we're gonna have multiple steps and we indicate that we want to run that on the latest version of Mac OS now the first thing that I did when I ran this is I actually wanted to see what version of xcode was running so I threw a step in here that runs xcode build with Dash version and when you look at the output there they actually link to this page in their documentation so all of the tools that are installed on the Macos Runner including their versions is actually available for you in advance and you don't actually have to do this debug stuff here the next thing that we want to do is check out our repository so we've got it on the runner itself and then we're going to follow the steps from the GitHub documentation about installing the certificates and provisioning profiles on the runner itself so here you can see that we're going to read those values out of our secrets we're then going to use that to create a path for each of these files so we're actually going to then Echo out the contents of the environment variables we're going to pipe that to base64 decode and then we're going to store that in the path and then we're going to store that in the file paths above once you have those in place we actually have to create the keychain as we mentioned earlier so you can see here we're creating a keychain pushing the passwords and certificates and then actually setting up the provisioning profile itself now that's all kind of standard and then you want to get into building the actual application yourself again if you're using my sample I am Groot application everything here will just work otherwise you need to make sure you do things like change your scheme and your different configurations that you want to use but basically we're going to build the archive and then we're going to export the IPA and then lastly we're actually going to upload the application and store it as an artifact like I've done in other tutorials and so that means that we'll have this accessible to us both through the web interface as well as through the rest API from GitHub and we're going to go ahead and store the IPA but you can also choose to store the entire directory itself so you have all the different build artifacts okay let's pop back over now and take a look at the repo itself so I'm going to come back in here you're going to go and click on actions and then here you'll click on the build iOS application and I'm going to go ahead and kick off a build real quick so here you just go to run workflow run workflow and that's going to start a build now you could come in here and actually see your workflow file everything that we just put in there and if you want you can even click e to edit that and make changes here and then start a commit from the web UI so that you don't have to go out and do all of that command line and then push it up to the repo from your Workstation but here you can see now we've got an iOS build that's kicked off and if you click on that you'll actually get live updating on where things are at so you can see the different steps that it's taking as I mentioned there's an xcode version command that I ran that actually ended up being extraneous because we already have a lot of information out there from GitHub on what is on those systems and then all this debug information is going to fly by and you can check the status of each of these builds and know exactly what's happened now let's go ahead and come back and just take a look at a job that's already run for me because this is a really simple app it only takes a couple of minutes but I ran this one earlier you'll see all of the steps in debug is located here if you want to click on that we had a successful build and then as I mentioned we have the artifacts file so you can then just literally click this and it will download it to your local workstation and you'll have the IPA file available to you or alternatively you can do that through the rest API and I actually put a link out there that walks you through the steps on how to download it through the rest API I also ran into a common issue where I would try to build it and it would basically say there are no profiles for IM Groot and that it couldn't find any development provisioning profiles or I would get various certificate errors and what I found was I was just not using the right certificates and the right provisioning profiles but I put that out there in case folks are running into the same problem themselves okay that's it it seemed really difficult but actually once you've already built the application on xcode on your workstation especially if you've done a command line you really have all the properties that you need to just quickly convert that over to a GitHub action and then automatically build your application you can kick off unit tests security and privacy testing push the app out to different testers and a whole bunch of other things so this will save you tons of time and it's really great to just be able to incorporate all of this directly into the developer experience that you're already having out at GitHub so I hope you found this useful thanks so much for watching and until next time

  Top Comments:
  1. @cedvdb6473 [1 likes]: Always getting "Xcode couldn't find any iOS App Development provisioning profiles matching ..." UNLESS I give the original name to my_pp.mobileprovision when copying it into the github action. Was your provisioning profile named build_pp ?
  2. @tarumalik [1 likes]: hey Andrew, I get this error, with no additional information. where should i dig into?
Process completed with exit code 65.
  3. @DiegoOliveira-yt8bm [1 likes]: That was so helpful, to me, thank you.
Thanks to your video I could set up the certs and passwords needed
I managed to set up a a Github workflow, running on mac, that tuns a Qt Creator build with signing and upload the .dmg file as an artifact
Super thanks
  4. @jayjaytheone-v5c: Failed!
Error: Process completed with exit code 65.
  5. @venkateswarreddy7707: While importing certificate it says user interaction is not allowed how to overcome this @andrew
  6. @YvesHanoulle: what about running swift unit tests with github actions on iOS, is that possible ?
  7. @swornimshah8898: fastlane?
  8. @Shanmugarajeshwaran: Thank you. Working Great!
  9. @noeldacosta7621: Doesn't work in 2024. xcode no longer has plist files.
  10. @HumbleHustle101: Nice video. Can you also make a video on pods with github action?
  11. @Pomme2Poule: Thank you, your tutorial has helped me a lot. 👍
  12. @MrWobling: Many thanks for this - made an overwhelming task seem much more approachable.
  13. @maonguyen1619: Love it. Thanks for sharing!
  14. @oztech: Is it possible to post the ipa automatically to the App Store not downloading and uploading it manually?
  15. @coren99: This video is super helpful, I managed to get the app archived  and exported in the command line of my mac no issues. When I setup in github actions though at the export step I get an error that there is no Distribution certificate. I know the cert installed in the secrets is a Development certificate, but that seems to be all I needed on my mac. Any ideas what I could be doing wrong?
  16. @DougWood-x2j: This is so frustrating as my .mobileprovision file is too big to save into a secret.  Is there a way NOT to save the .mobileprovision into a secret?
  17. @pabloalvarez2886: Nice video!
I’m having a problem tho. I’m getting exit code 66, that the directory does not contain an Xcode project. How can I manipulate that path to fix that?
  18. @mohammad-karbalaee: Dude you are a geek
  19. @cosmic_pixel: This was super helpful 🔥
  20. @luizuk4: Awesome! Thanks Andrew!

- Ethernet is DEAD?? Mac Studio is 100x FASTER!!: Kind: captions Language: en So, I built another AI supercomput. And this one's crazy. 1 2 3 four Mac Studios, 512 gigs of RAM each, 2 terb of unified memory. This might be the most powerful local AI setup ever built. Hold up. I've done this before. Earlier this year, I clustered together five Mac Studios, [music] and it was kind of terrible. I expected it to run AI models like a champ, but actually adding more computers made it slower. 91% [music] slower. Everyone said clustering was stupid, and they were right. So, why am I doing this again? Well, Apple just dropped [music] something new. A simple software update that might change the entire game. Something I was begging for. So, in this video, we're clustering again. We're going to throw the biggest, [music] baddest AI models at this cluster and see what it can do. Our goal is to answer this one question. Does clustering local AI actually make [music] sense for us? Will it actually be fast or will it just suck like last time? Get your copy ready. Let's find out. Now, Apple was watching me. In my last video, I [music] said this. I don't know how XLabs is going to solve that though because we're at the mercy of what hardware we [music] have and this. I would love to know what the experience would be with some like serious connectivity between the GPUs of these five Mac Studios. I was honestly pretty bummed about the performance of that cluster. I had such high hopes. [music] I know you probably did too. But Apple listened and they did something about it. And they also sent me something. This This setup is insane. I wasn't sure if they were going to send me this, but I was shocked when they said yes. They sent me their biggest, baddest machines, fully speced out. But hold up. My old cluster had five Mac Studios. How is this better? Watch this. Now, these machines are ridiculous. Each one of these Mac Studios has 512 GB of RAM. RAM? That's a hard drive for some computers. And this is unified memory, meaning the GPU can use it. So, let me put it this way. 512 GB of GPU memory of VRAMm. They have 8 TB of storage, 80 GPU cores. And if we do the math, this monster cluster has 2 terb of unified memory, 32 TB of storage, and 320 GPU cores. This is Maczilla compared to our old cluster running M2 Max. It's not even a comparison. That's kind of silly cuz even though we have one less Mac, each of our machines has eight times the memory. So, we have 6.4 times more RAM, we're doubling our GPU bandwidth. And this will make a huge impact, we're doing Thunderbolt 5 versus Thunderbolt 4, which is also double the bandwidth. The only thing that makes you kind of go, "Oh, that hurts." is the price of this cluster. $50,000. I know. But seriously, think about it. What's the alternative to do something like this locally? Like if you wanted the same specs from an Nvidia H100 cluster, you would need 26 H100s, each with 80 GB of VRAM. That would cost you over $780,000. And it's actually more than that if you build out the system. We'll talk more about that later. But the point is, this cluster is ridiculous. Okay, cool. We have these big amazing monsters, but the biggest issue we had last time was networking, the bandwidth. What did Apple do? We'll get to that. But first, we have to actually connect them, right? That's the whole clustering part. Now, to make this work, I had to connect them via Thunderbolt and Ethernet. Thankfully, I had a spare UniFi Switch that had some 2 and 1/2 gig ports, which I desperately needed because downloading these models, they're huge. The largest one I had to download was 735 GB, and I had to download that on each of the Macs. I also had to make sure my uplink was 10 GB Ethernet because goodness, this took forever. We're also using the Ethernet so the cluster can see each other, but it's not how they're actually connecting and exchanging information. That's where Thunderbolt comes in. I was given this very fancy diagram to connect them just so in a mesh. It's just a little meshy. Sorry, I had to do it. Now, let's take a step back and look at this for a moment. Isn't this beautiful? I honestly think this might be the most powerful local AI setup ever built. Prove me wrong. What can beat 320 GPU cores, 2 TB of unified memory? This cluster should be able to handle anything. And notice our asterisk here, should because it really doesn't matter how powerful these Macs are if the connection between them isn't super fast. And that's what killed it last time, the networking. Running bigger models didn't matter because [music] everything came down to a crawl. And even though we're doubling our bandwidth with Thunderbolt 5, we still have a massive networking problem, latency. But Apple changed the game completely with the software update. That's it. Check this out. You know what really bugs me? When the problem is actually networking. Everybody blames the networking, but this time it was actually true. When I ran these models on five Mac Studios, it was 91% slower. It wasn't the GPU, it wasn't the memory, it was the networking. It was that latency between the connections. I mean, look at these speeds from last time when I clustered them together. It's bad. But Apple said they solved it. Let's see. Actually, let me just show you real quick. Let's see if they did it. Don't stare at this too long. This is your sneak peek. Here's the old way. Five tokens per second. Not great. Let's try Apple's fix. Now, that's a lot better. 15 tokens per second. That's three times faster. Same model, same cluster. But what are they doing? How do they make it faster? It's networking. It's always about networking. Now, the way they solved it is actually pretty simple. They just increase the speed of our Thunderbolt connections. And I'm not talking about going from Thunderbolt 4 to Thunderbolt 5 and doubling that bandwidth. No, no, no, no. The metric we're looking at is latency. How quickly a packet or a message can go from MAC to MAC. Now, currently this latency is around 300 microsconds, which I know sounds pretty fast, but not in the AI world. And because of this latency, we were stuck with something called pipeline parallelism. That's a fun word. 10 times fast. Pipeline parallelism. Pipeline parallelism. How far did you get? It's essentially a technique we use to split up a model between multiple systems and a cluster. For example, let's take an AI model like the Llama 3.37DB FP16. That's some good precision. A model like this will have around 80 layers, which essentially is a series of filters that your prompt will pass through to help it respond to you. So, if you say, "Hey, what's the capital of Japan?" It might process it like this. Each layer is doing some fancy math on the input and passes the result to the next layer. Each layer refining the answer until you get your response. Now, when you cluster this model, it divides up the layers between each machine. So, Mac 1 would get layers 1 through 20. Mac 2 21 through 40 and so on. But here's where it gets painful. It's sequential. So, for every token, Mac 1 processes layers 1 through 20, stops, sends the results to MAC 2. It'll process layers 21 through 40, stops, and then so on. It's like a relay race with really fast sprinters, but we're not working together. We're waiting on each other. Now, pipeline parallelism is awesome because it gave us capacity. We could run large models that we can never run on one machine and run them on multiple. But what it didn't give us was speed. Instead, we got a waiting room. But there is a better way, a faster way, and it's called tensor parallelism. I know we're getting a little nerdy. Coffee break real quick. This is the much smarter way. Instead of each Mac owning layers and processing them sequentially, all Macs work together on every single layer. Here we're not dividing the layer, we're dividing the math. So for layer 1, Mac 1 does 25% of the math. Mac 2 does 25, 35, 4 25. When they're done, they combine the results. Now, in theory, this is supposed to be three and a half times faster than pipeline parallelism. Goodness, that phrase kills me. So cool, let's just do that. That's the solution. We can't. Our networking still sucks. And it's even worse with this method. Because for each Mac to work on one layer at a time, lots of communication is happening. It's like a group project. Lots of messages being sent back and forth. In fact, we're talking two combos per layer. So, for every token, we have 160 combos happening. Let's do some math here. Assuming each message takes about 300 microconds. Now, I know microconds is this little symbol here. I just can't draw it. I can't do it. I'm sorry. Times 160, that's nearly 50 milliseconds of waiting per token. So, because of our networking latency, tensor parallelism actually ends up being slower than pipeline parallelism, which is why we couldn't do it. All that chitchat killed it. If only our network was faster. If only latency was solved. Well, that's what Apple did. They made it faster. And I'm not kidding. It was just a simple software update. Apple quietly enabled in Tahoe 26.2 a technology on their Thunderbolt ports called RDMMA or remote direct memory access. This is huge. We're in the big leagues now. We're not playing around. Now, you may have heard me mention RDMA before in a previous video talking about AI data center networking. You can watch it right here. It's what AI clusters and data centers used to talk back and forth at extremely high speeds. It's what models like ChatGpt and Claude use. But what is it? Well, let's talk about what life is like before RDMA with our Thunderbolt 5 connections. These connections right here are essentially just network connections using good old TCP IP, the traditional networking stack. Now, that's a problem for us here because that introduces overhead, increasing latency, because every message is having to go through a few steps doing things like being processed by the CPU before it can even hit the GPU memory. And I have no idea where the CPU and the GPU is in this Mac Studio. I'm just making stuff up. It's this traditional networking processing that's causing our latency. But with RDMA, we skip all that. RDMA is direct memory access. We remove the TCP IP stack. Say, "Nah, we don't need you anymore. We're getting a direct connection. No more stops. A direct connection from GPU memory to GPU memory, GPU to GPU." That's the direct memory access part. And here's what this does. This takes our latency from 300 microsconds down to three microsconds. Are you kidding me? That's 100x increase or decrease. That's a bullet train. Direct connection. So now with our cluster, we no longer have to worry about IP addresses, TCP IP overhead, all that CPU processing. No, no, no. We have a direct connection between the GPUs with these Thunderbolt 5 ports. Direct memory access. This solves our latency problem. And again, it was just a software update. What took them so long? Seriously, Apple, I'm sorry. I'm grateful for just it being here. I'm sorry. Now, in theory, this sounds awesome, but does it actually work? Now, you saw a teaser already, but that was just a smaller model. What happens when we actually throw some crazy large models at it? Like the largest models available right now. Will it work? Will it make clustering actually useful? Let's find out with the software that you all thought went away, but it's come back with a vengeance. Hey, I'm outside right [music] now. Why? because I want to tell you about our sponsor today, Twinate. Because check this out. I can't access my lab right now on my laptop. I'm trying to connect to our cluster and it's not working. It's because I'm not using [music] Twinate. Watch this. I'll simply click connect. Authenticate cuz it's really secure. And by the way, this is not VPN. No, no, no. This is better than VPN. [music] It's more than VPN. Okay, cool. We're authenticated now. Let's try it again. It better work. You know what? It's still not working. I [music] don't have access. But you're probably thinking, Chuck, wow, great ad. You tried to show us you didn't have access and tried to give yourself access with Twin Gate. It didn't work. That's by design. Twate is zero trust network access. You can set it up. You can install it. Takes you about 5 minutes. You can use a Raspberry Pi. Whatever. It's free for up to five users with your home network. It's a no-brainer. Just do it. But also, you have to specifically explicitly allow access. So, let's do that right now. I'll create the resource and [music] then here's where I give access. I'm only given access to admins. Now, let's try it again. Fingers crossed. [laughter] We're in. And I'm checking on my cluster to see I'm downloading a new model right now. Quinn coder. Oh, you're not supposed to see this yet. You got a sneak peek during the ad. Look at you. Seriously, if you're not using Twin Gate, what are you even doing? VPN [music] is old. And if you're like, Chuck, I don't need Twin Gate. Yes, you do. You have a home lab, right? That's why you're watching [music] my channel. You do local AI. You have Plex. How are you accessing that when you're out in the field? Seriously, just get signed up. It's free. Check the link below. twgate.com/networkshuck. And seriously, thank you to Twinkgate for making this video possible. I couldn't do this kind of stuff without them, so [music] check it out. All right, now back to the video. And it's getting cold out here. I got to go back inside. Now, a lot of people thought Exo Labs threw in the towel. Even Jeff. >> Exo stopped development like 5 months ago, and even simple fixes are being ignored. So, did they give up the dream of clustering AI with consumer hardware? Nope. They're here, they're alive, and they're working with Apple to resurrect clustering. A flashback earlier this year, I used ExoLabs to cluster my Five Mac Studios together. It was still pretty new, rough around the edges, and it's kind of an amazing software, an amazing idea because you can cluster any hardware together, but the networking, that was a thing. So, when ExoLabs and Apple both reached out to me, I said, "Hey, we've got a new update. We got a thing we've been working on, and we think it's going to solve your clustering networking issues, and they said, "Do you want in?" And I'm like, "Dude, put up that bat signal. I'm there." So, fast forward, here we are. I have the Max. I got them connected according to our official diagram. I installed the beta Tahoe 26.2 update. And here's the real magic. I had to go into recovery mode and enable RDMA. Seeing that RDMA enabled, that got me excited. From there, it was pretty much smooth sailing. I installed the super secret beta version that ExoLabs gave me, which I think might be available right now. I could be wrong. I'll have more info below. But look at this. It got a facelift, right? Before this was a CLI only tool, which I'm fine with, but now we have a native Mac app and it's gorgeous. So, here we are after a few software patches from Exo. My cluster's connected. And as you may have seen earlier in our sneak peek, we have the option of running in dumb mode. pipeline parallelism or tensor parallelism. Just for fun, let's do it the old way once more. So, we'll select our pipeline and MLX ring. We'll select four nodes using our entire cluster and we'll choose our llama 3.370B FP16. Load that sucker up. Now, it's actually pretty fast loading up. This is so fun. It's ready. And keep in mind, this is the dome old slow way. Five tokens a second. Around 200 milliseconds per token. Goodness, that's really slow. I can already have my cup of coffee by the time it's done. And then let's try this. This is going to be fun. Let's do tensor parallelism, but stay on the old networking. No RDMA. Let's see what it does. Keeping in mind with this, we're having 160 conversations every token. Let's load it up. It's ready. Let's see what happens. Yeah, it's slower, right? I mean, we're talking half as fast, which wasn't a lot, right? We're at three tokens per second. 370 milliseconds per token. This ain't great. Oh, I mean, this is unusable. But let's add in Apple's magic. Let's enable RDMA. Tensor parallelism, RDMMA, four nodes, llama 3.37DB. Load that bad boy up. And this is actually really fast loading up. Look at those guys go. I love this new interface they have. It's ready. I mean, look at that. That's incredible. 16 tokens a second on average. 66 milliseconds per token. They did it. Apple, you're awesome. But this is a smaller model, right? There are bigger ones. What about DeepSeek? What about Kimmy K2? How about both at the same time? Get your coffee ready. You're about to make this cluster sweat, I think. Let's go. Okay, so we just proved that tensor parallelism works with RDMA. It's fantastic. Three times faster. But here's the real question. Do you even need to cluster? Like, does clustering make sense for you? Like, why not just buy one expensive Mac? Like, one of these guys has 512 gigs of RAM. What models do we need to run that could not run on that one machine? Let's test it out. Let's throw progressively bigger models on this thing. Let's throw all the models on it at the same time. Let's see what happens. Little coffee break. It's clustering time. I don't know why I said that. That didn't feel right. All right. Here we have our cluster over here. We've got our metrics. Mac one, two, three, and four. Now, I want to test all these models right here. But the first thing I want to test is kind of a tiny model. I want to see how the performance is on one Mac versus four. I'm curious with RDMA, will the performance be better? Because one Mac by itself, it can run that model fine. Let's test it out. So, I'm just going to choose one node and I'm going to load a small model, a little baby llama 3.2 3B 8 bit. It's nothing. Launch. Okay, it's ready. And we're rocking 147 tokens a second. Let's ask something more involved. So, that's fast. Let's cluster it. Okay, now with four nodes clustered. It's faster. Okay, so 240 tokens a second. That's awesome. It's 100 tokens faster than a single node. Look at it go. Maxing out that GPU across the board. Looks like I kind of lost the script some somewhere there, but it looks like we're pulling about um getting to 100 watts per MAC. So 400 watts in total. Not bad. Let's keep moving up. Let's do a single node for the llama 3.370B FP16 because these guys can run it. So we loaded up on Mac 2. We can see it's full right there. Let's see how it performs. Okay, five tokens a second. Not amazing. It's maxing out that GPU. Looks like 150 watts. I am changing the monitoring halfway through here because I think it's better. I'm going to use Mactop. It's still going. But notice we still have plenty of memory on that second Mac, which is where it's loaded. All right, cool. Roughly five tokens a second. Let's cluster it. It's loaded up. Watch that memory fill up. It's so fun to watch it over here on the screen. This is a night and day difference compared to our last cluster. It took forever. You guys have no idea how painful that video was to make. Okay, 16 tokens a second. Try a more uh intense prompt. And there it goes. Max out the GPUs across the board. Memory 9% on each one. About 130 watts on each machine. This is a cluster, man. In a good way. Okay, let's move on. Let's up the game. I love watching it. Uh the GPU uh memory go down as well. Okay, our next model. Let's do something a bit bigger. Deep Seek. Okay, I'm back. He didn't know I left. I had to troubleshoot some stuff. I don't have a Quinn model downloaded. I thought I had Quinn. I think I have to let it download for a little bit. An [sighs] hour. Uh but I got it working. I had to download this new model. I forgot to download. Anyways, here we go. We're going to load it up. All right. So, first we'll do uh one node and we'll do the Quinn 3 coder 480B. It's a big one, but again, our Macs have 512 GB of RAM. Now, this is a mixture of experts model, so it should be a bit faster because it's not using all parameters all at once. Let's launch it. And keep in mind, we're building our way up to the Kimmy K2 thinking model, which is a trillion parameters. I can't even like what? Yes, we can do that. I think we'll see. All right, it's loading on one node. Mac 2. Mac 2 is blowing up. All right, he's ready. Explain to me if 27 tokens a second. It's pretty good. Let's cluster it up. Powering down. Tensor RDMA four nodes. Quinn 3 coder launching. Look at it go. All right, it's ready and let's see what we got. 40 tokens a second. Okay, so it's nearly doubled the speed. So the story so far is clustering does not slow us down. It speeds us up, which is what we expected the first time around, right? Let's keep moving up and keep an eye on the power and stuff. We'll have that on the screen. Let's do our next model. We'll do actually, you know what? Enough messing around. Let's go Kimmy K2. I don't think we'll be able to load this model on one node. Yeah, it's like at minimum you got to do two, which is still crazy. We only need two. Um, let's run it on four, though. This is a massive model. 658 gigabytes per node I had to download. One trillion parameters. Let me just double check my math here. Yes, one trillion parameters. Oh my goodness. Okay, let's load it up. Let's watch this thing fill up. Here we go. Now, this is like the best coding model right now for uh local AI. And even when people use cloud AI to code, they'll pay for this model on a hosted platform. It's that good. But here, we're not having to use any cloud resources. We can host everything right here locally. It's still loading, filling up those GPU tanks. Okay, it's ready. [laughter] It used 33% of the RAM on each one. Let's ask it a question. A trillion parameters. Let's see how it goes. Whoa. So, it's thinking right now. Let's expand the thinking. But we've got 28 almost 30 tokens a second. Oh my gosh. And it's so cool. It's thinking, right? Like, oh my gosh, a thinking model. I mean, this is fast. How much RAM is required to run the 4bit model? Let's see. Power. We're doing like 110 watts on each one. Now, one thing I wanted to show you guys, but I just could not show you. And that's the bandwidth, the latency, the network traffic. I wanted to see that just how much stuff we're pushing. But right now, and you can see this now. Oh, this thing's stinking. If I go to my uh network configuration, the Thunderbolt bridge is inactive. It's disabled. This is essentially ghost traffic. I can't see it. I can't monitor it. That might change, but I did ask Apple. I'm like, "Hey, please give me a way to visualize this." They're like, "Yeah, we can't do that right now." So, sorry. Pretend it's a lot because we have to assume that, right? 160 conversations every token. Let's have it create a Python script that can scrape websites. I mean, it's doing great. It's thinking. It's making my script now. This is local AI. Okay. But this isn't the whole story, right? So, we've got some room. We're running the biggest model we could download right now. And we have some room. Uh, let's go home. And keep in mind, we're going to keep this model running. We're going to load a new one. Just refresh my page so I get a fresh uh instance here. I'm going to load this one. It's beefier, meaning like it's a 713 gigabytes. It is the biggest model they have. Um but it's only 671 billion parameters, which is so crazy. Our last cluster, we tried to run a 671B and it like destroyed everything. Now we're going to run it alongside a trillion par uh parameter model, which makes me feel accomplished even though I didn't do anything. Let's launch it. Good job, Apple and Exo. So, now let's watch this GPU fill up. So, we're running Kimmy K2 thinking. And what's this model again? Deepseek 3.18bit 671B. Oh, it failed. I don't like that, but I know we can still do it. I'm going to try again. Um, I had to build these scripts uh with cloud code that would reboot the cluster and reinitialize it because this happens with beta beta software. So, um hang tight. Okay, I'm back. Let's try it again. Had to reboot the whole cluster. Let's first try and load Kim K2. I know we can do this. I know we can do this. Okay, we're loaded. Let's [snorts] go deepsee. Come on. Let's do this. Deepseek, I believe in you. Launch. Come on. Don't fail. Okay, we're loading. It's filling up. So far so good. I'm getting nervous. It's almost done. I think we're at 50% over 50% on each node.h. Ah, those things are stressing. Look at the map down here. It's like ah. Oh my gosh. 60%. Uh-oh. Did we break it? Oh, it's still filling up. Ah, we did it. Okay. I'm I'm even scared to talk to him, though, because I don't want to break it again. But we have to talk to it, right? So, let's have a chat with uh Deepseek. 27 26 tokens per second. Let's switch to Kim K2. And there we go. Like we're using both models. We have both those suckers loaded up. That's crazy. How much more can we load? Let's do another one. Oh gosh. Let's load up Llama 3.37B FP16 cuz that's one of the other ones I have downloaded. And launch. It's loading. Okay, it's it's ready now. The RAM utilization is kind of weird, right? It went up to 60% and now it's back down to 50. But I I know we have these models loaded. Let's go talk to Llama. Wow, what a dumb answer. I just want to verify I have everything loaded up. I'm going to switch back and forth. Oh, wait. Why did it [laughter] That was my That's funny. That was my uh clipboard from earlier because that's what I had to sneak and do to restart the cluster. Okay. And let's switch to Kimmy. Kimmy, I'm not sure how to say it. I'm also proud of Apple on XO. Y is so good. Now, here's the thing. I can run other models, but I didn't download any other big ones. And it takes That's the longest part. I'm not doing that again. Uh, but let's just see what else do I have downloaded. I've got a few llama variants. I mean, I'll pull up that 3.2 model from earlier. Let's just run that if we have to do something. Actually, I do have llama 3.370B 4bit. Let's load you up because we can. That's ready. Let's do another one. Let's uh grab the llama 3.2 3B 4bit. I think I have that one. Yeah, let's load him up. All right, that was easy. So, we have one, two, three, four, five models running, but the memory usage is staying at like around 50. Actually keeps going down. I don't know why that is. So, I think we answered the question. Clustering's awesome now. I'm running every model I can possibly run on it, and it's just doing it like a champ, and it's fast. But, okay. So far, we just been stuck in Exo's interface. What about using real applications like coding or open code or open web UI? Like, can you use this with that? Let's find out. All right, let's try out open web UI because this is real. It's not just benchmarks. It's not just test software. Let's see what happens. I want to use my cluster here or not my cluster, my open web UI, ai.hogwarts.studio. I should already have my uh models loaded up here because EXO runs off of an API endpoint. Let's see. Let's find Kimmy. There it is. Let's do thinking. We'll see if it starts to stress out a little bit. All right. Let's see what happens. Okay. Um yeah. I mean, there it goes. It's freaking out over here. It's thinking. I mean, this is so cool. Look at this. I'm using open web UI on a totally separate server in my server room and it's connecting to my Mac cluster running KBK to a trillion parameter model. How awesome is this? It's thinking a lot. It's very smart model. I tell you what, while it's doing that, let's go to uh this server here. I have Xcode installed, which is like Apple's VS Code. It's still going. Okay, it wrote it. So, it finished the app. I mean I mean that's impressive what it did. That's so cool. All right, let's try Xcode. Now I'm just going to try um looking at an existing project Daniel Misource Fabric. Let's find some code here. Let's ask it to tell us what this code does. Let's talk to DeepSeek. This is so crazy. All right, it's going. It's freaking out. It's thinking over here. Look at that. I'll try one more. Let's try open code. I love CLI tools to uh code and do whatever you want. Now, I should already have the cluster set up. Yeah, there it is. Actually, K2 thinking sitting right there. Yeah. So, it's it's freaking out over there. It's doing its thing. We can see the thinking. But I just wanted to show off that we can use any of these apps. Although, I think it has a hard time using tools with open code. All right, there we go. And then I'll switch models to Llama 3.3 and say analyze the code that was just created. Dude, it's going all out. It's making a whole freaking website. All right, I think it's done. I'm going to try this. Oh, it's cute. It's cute. I'm going to interrupt it. I let llama take over. Let's see while it's thinking here if I can still use open web UI cuz I think I'm stressing it out. Yeah, I'm trying over here. Yeah, it's fully stressed out right now. I think I locked it up. Okay, we did make it cry. Let's see if the web is still responsive. Now, I'm going to chalk this up to beta software. This is a bug that can be fixed, but now I need to um tell it to die. So, I'm gonna do that now. Restart my cluster. I don't want it to overheat in there. So, are you impressed? Like, is clustering back? I kind of feel that way. Like, I was impressed with these results now. Sure, I'm running a $50,000 cluster, but it's a proof of concept. There's possibilities now, and we've come a long way since the beginning of this year where we just saw glacial speeds, but now it's functional. It's amazing. Now, full disclosure, Apple loaned this to me. I don't get to keep this. I wish. But I do have it for a little bit longer. What should I do with it? You have any ideas? I've got a $50,000 cluster. There's got to be something else I can do. Let me know in the comments below. And of course, if you want to see that last cluster video, if you haven't already seen it, it's right here. If you want to learn more about RDMMA and how AI networking works in the data center, I made a whole video about it here. No, I'm just going to put it over here. I dive deeper into how RDMA helps us bypass all those roadblocks, those bumps in the road. Anyways, that's all I got. I'll catch you guys next time. Hey, real quick. This just in. Just a little extra info, a little mini segment on how Exo uses MLX, which MLX is how we're running all these models. It's Apple's open source machine learning framework that allows developers like Exo to do stuff like combining this stuff. Now, here's what it says. RDMMA over Thunderbolt driver enables MLX distributed to communicate. >> Hey, Chuck, I finished analyzing the call me back feature. Here's what I found. >> Sorry, that was Claude calling me. So, it says, "RDMMA over Thunderbolt driver enables MLX distributed to communicate with low latency across Thunderbolt 5, enabling high levels of blah blah blah blah blah." Now, what's cool is that MLX operations can run on either the CPU or the GPU. And this is without needing to move memory around because it's u unified memory. So, seriously, shout out to the MLX team for being awesome. Exo worked closely with them on making this thing happen. And without them, this video wouldn't be possible. So, I see you MLX team. You're awesome. And you watching this video right now. Comment below and say thank you Apple MLX team. Let's show them some love. Anyways, that's the end of your news segment. And yeah, I was reading my phone or something on this. Hey, you're still here. So, at the end of my videos now, I like to pray for you, my audience. I know it might feel kind of weird. It is. I agree with you. But I uh genuinely care about you guys and I want to see you succeed. I want to see you have lives of purpose and uh lives that are joyful. Um so anyways, I'm just going to pray for you. Um if you don't like that, that's fine. You can just click off. That's why I put it at the end. Uh but let's go ahead and pray. H [snorts] Lord, I thank you for the person on the other side of the screen. I thank you that um they're here, that they're uh passionate about technology, that they are [sighs] excited for the future, and that even though AI may feel kind of overwhelming sometimes, um they can see the light ahead. And I pray that they have if if they have any anxiety over AI or the job market or what the future's going to hold that you would just ease those fears. And if they're worried about their current job is going to go away or if they're trying to find one, I ask that you just give them peace in that you would show them the path forward because things are changing. Let's be real. Uh but God, you know what's going to happen. Uh you know, you're not surprised by anything. So, I ask that you just give us a path forward. Um, give us wisdom. Give this this person wisdom. And I ask that you bless their family life right now. Um, everyone's got family and I pray that you would like right now I'm making this video on Christmas, so around Christmas time. So, I pray that you would fill their hearts with joy and you remind them of the importance of the people closest to them and if they aren't close to these people that they should do that now. Um, restore relationships, men, what's broken, [sighs] fill them with peace. Uh, I saw a movie the other day. It's called That Christmas. Um, and Christmas time is like a emotional magnifying glass. It said if you're sad around this time, if you're lonely, it's going to magnify that, amplify it. If your heart's full of joy and you're surrounded by family, it's going to magnify and amplify that. So I pray for the people who are lonely right now around this time that you would uh fill their hearts with joy and that um I'm hoping that during this season they can learn a bit of the reason why we we take this time Christmas more Christ. Um, I do believe that the ultimate joy can be found in you, Jesus. And I pray that the other person, that this person on the other side of the the screen, um, wherever they're at, they can just encounter you in some way in whatever that means, even in their doubt, even in their disbelief. Uh, it doesn't matter to you. Meet them I ask this in your name, Jesus. Amen. Sorry that was a bit long one, but I feel like uh that was something I wanted to pray for you on. Anyways, that's all I got. I'll catch you guys next time.

  Top Comments:
  1. @NetworkChuck [135 likes]: Hey…just try Twingate….you'll never look at VPN the same: https://ntck.co/twingate-networkchuck

  I built another AI supercomputer with 4 Mac Studios... but this time it actually works. Earlier this year, I clustered 5 Mac Studios and it was 91% SLOWER. Everyone said clustering was stupid. But Apple just dropped a software update that changes everything - RDMA over Thunderbolt 5. Latency dropped from 300 microseconds to 3 microseconds. Now we're running trillion-parameter models locally at speeds that actually make sense.

  🔥🔥Join the NetworkChuck Academy!: https://ntck.co/NCAcademy


  RESOURCES / LINKS:

  Docs/walkthrough: https://github.com/theNetworkChuck/mac-studio-cluster
  Exo Labs: https://github.com/exo-explore/exo
  MLX (Apple's ML Framework): https://github.com/ml-explore/mlx
  My First Cluster Video (the failure): https://youtu.be/Ju0ndy2kwlw
  RDMA Networking Explained: https://youtu.be/fb69FyW2KLk
  2. @stevenpike7857 [1 likes]: I don't believe in ancient Jewish mythology or the god they created to control their people - I don't see it as any more valid than any other god or mythology that was created by similar civilizations during that same time and before / after - but I can't fault anyone for wishing I do well in life - even if they use a magical spell like prayer.  Thank you!
  3. @stevenpike7857 [1 likes]: Thank you Apple MLX team.  I love Apple and my Mac mini m4 pro.
  4. @markstuart9545: RAID for AI
  5. @bimbobert3639: what could you possible need this for?
  6. @GennarosAlfajores: Amazing work MLX team and Apple! 👏🔥
  7. @ChrisWill: Chuck is really smart
  8. @Daan42: I would suggest to ask the cluster to figure out how it can work with less expensive hardware. Who knows what it will find/figure out?
  9. @DanijelJames: This is the most useless testing ever performed. Complete junk.
  10. @KiroMate-n4c: This video script (his speech) feels like it restarts every other minute.. its disturbing
I think he introduced this video and its sunject like 6 times by the middle...
Would be niece if he had just cut to the chase
  11. @AndreasToth: Looks like Apple have stopped selling these and limit them to 96 GB of memory. Some would say they have intentionally nerfed them.
  12. @pixelplexplayz: AND how much does that cost btw
  13. @vanessaadams3500: Thank you, Apple Team 👌👌👌
  14. @marcado_livre: Thanks for your pray, man. It helped me, and thanks for being your self and made what you believe in, It gave me courage to do the same. 29:57
  15. @Aratarez: In video ads is 👎 and channel blocked
  16. @toontales-hinglish: I can't even find the 256GB variant, you are lucky to have and be able to afford the 512 GB ones. Only option I am getting is 96GB one.
  17. @sexyme8593: You have to much money...
  18. @FiscallyResponsibleCA: So, companies are paying for AI with their data centers and per token @ a rate of how much per month per employee? This is an expensive setup but what is the cost comparison to running locally versus running on a data center or external service and paying the toke rate per month.  Very curious.  One, could run all day and with several people, possibly?  Is it worth it?
  19. @iym413: This all well and good, but it would be great if you would show a setup like this running an image or video generation on local AI.
  20. @Development-U: Thank you, Apple, add MLX team, I am only on 3 Mac mini‘s right now, but wow, spectacular things are happening even on my little system. Great video thank you.

- Why Everyone Is Buying M4 Mac Minis for AI: Kind: captions Language: en Over the past few weeks, people have been buying the M4 Mac Mini in bulk. And it's not to edit in Final Cut or Da Vinci Resolve, but it's actually to run their own AI assistants at home. Because right now, the buzz on the M4 Mac Mini is that they're selling out everywhere all over the internet. So, what is actually going on? And why are people buying the M4 Mac Mini just to run AI on? This isn't about ChatGpt or Cloud in a browser. This is about AI agents, open- source code like Maltbot or formerly known as Cloudbot. Unlike normal chatbots, these agents are designed to run continuously in the background, connect to your messaging apps like iMessage, Telegram, Slack, or WhatsApp, and remember long-term context. They actually do things for you. They manage your calendars, summarize emails, pull web info, automate workflows. Instead of opening an AI app, the AI lives on your machine and works for you. But why is everybody using the M4 Mag Mini? Well, it's perfect because of its form factor. It's tiny, quiet, and energy efficient. Perfect for 24/7 operation. You do need to leave your computer plugged in at all times if you want to access it from anywhere. Second is the Apple ecosystem, especially for iMessage integration. And third is the price. And if you don't currently have an extra machine and you're just trying to buy the cheapest, bare bones, most costefficient machine out there, the M4 Mac Mini in 2026 is still the most costefficient machine at $499. For the price of a gaming console or mid-range phone, you get a full desktop computer capable of hosting your own AI assistant. The price point changes everything. Now, are M4 Mac Minis selling out? That's not really the case. There is no global shortage, but in specific areas, they were running low on stock. But even here in South Florida, you can order an M4 Mac Mini and get one overnight. However, here's why people are excited. These agents are persistent, proactive, and personal. They monitor things, send updates, automate tasks. It feels like AI is working for you instead of you working with AI. However, there are some risks to doing this. These system require terminal commands, API keys and deep permissions. So misconfiguration can actually create security risks. And this is early adopter tech, not consumer plug-and-play stuff. Now the biggest thing here is do you even need an M4 Mac Mini? And as I said earlier, people are buying the M4 Mac Mini because you need to run this on a computer pretty much 24/7. So you may not want to use your current computer that you're using all the time or even your current desktop. This is going to be an extra computer. And for the price of the M4 Mac Mini, if you don't have an extra computer, I completely understand why the M4 Mac Mini is the best for the money. However, for someone like me, I do plan on testing this out. But I'm not going to be using my M4 Mac Mini cuz I actually have it back here as my desktop computer here at home. I'm going to be using an older M1 MacBook Air that I actually the screen cracked, so I use it as a desktop. Now, the reason I wouldn't recommend you go out and buy an M1 MacBook Air is the price of an M1 MacBook Air is about the same as a brand new M4 Mac Mini. And you're getting better performance, you're getting much more RAM, it's just a much better buy to get the M4 Mac Mini if you're buying a machine. But if you already own something like an M1 MacBook Air, well, then maybe there's no need to go out and buy an M4 Mac Mini if you have one of these older M1 machines that you're not using anymore. You can also run these agents on PCs, Linux machines, or cloud servers. The M4 Mac Mini just hits that sweet spot of size, the ecosystem, and price. So, to wrap things up, although we have heard that the M4 Mac Minis are selling out, you still can easily get them. And if you're interested in running Claudebot or Moldbot in the future, I'm going to be doing some content here on the channel showing about how I transform my older M1 MacBook Air into an AI machine. So, if you're interested in that video or have any questions on the subject, let me know in the comments below. And if you got knowledge and value out of today's video, please make sure to hit that like, subscribe, and notification bell to keep up to date with the latest videos on the channel. And until next time, my name is Jeff Fagan. Thank you for joining me as always, and I will catch you in the next video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @PianomanT404 [2 likes]: I couldn't wait for m5 Mac mini I picked m4 Mac mini
  2. @DomWeaver [1 likes]: "Theres no shortage"  womp womp
  3. @davepurdy1407 [1 likes]: lol .. this aged well
  4. @jameswilliebacon3087 [1 likes]: As of today there is a shortage of Mac minis Costco's completely sold out all over the country and to order one from Apple will take a month
  5. @CommonSense8888 [1 likes]: So pissed. Just need one for work for 3d renderings at an architect firm. THEYRE ALL GONE😢
  6. @dblankenship6947 [1 likes]: I am interested in your attempts with your broken screen MacBook Air.
  7. @JakeeY: m4 mac mini only from 949€ in europe :(
  8. @TEAM_MACHINE: The fuck you can get one here in South Florida over night. I had to go with the $799  M4 512 instead of the M4 Pro because the pro is not shipping until mid July and the M4 I can get in early June. Still Over a month away though! Better then almost 3 though
  9. @JasonTaylor-po5xc: I didn't buy a Mac Mini specifically to run AI. But, since my Mac Mini is idle 95% of the time - the fact that it makes an excellent AI server was a huge bonus. What's important to know is the reason why these tiny machines are so awesome for AI is the unified memory architecture. My Mac Mini is a M4 Pro with 48 GB of RAM - I can safely run 40 GB models since that RAM is shared with the GPU cores.
  10. @icemanWander: so you're running local ai at base specs? wtf
  11. @AN-717: Mirofish works😂 That's the problem. Stocks are a joke now
  12. @politics4029: So far, I haven't really heard any concerns being a trust about the things being downloaded from third parties that could have potential security problems. Because these codes are being downloaded from third parties.Which nobody knows who they are. How would you address that?
  13. @atonicity9827: "Not sold out everywhere" 😅
  14. @honestnewsministry: Just run ai on your 2TB external Drive. Done! Oh make sure you have at the least 16 gb of ram anything less will not be smooth.
  15. @6519-e5x: The only problem with the M4 is that you can't put Linux on it.  I hate Mac OS with a passion.
  16. @travisneal4794: Need to do a review video. It’s hard to get a Mac mini with anything 24gb and above. Wait times are like 1-2 months as of now.
  17. @LunaRam-004: Didn’t realize power draw was this low. If an M4 can run agents 24/7, that’s basically how I treat AICarma monitoring anyway, just on a sturdier machine.
  18. @jaiswalsachinkumar01: never thought about buying a mac mini for this lol
  19. @BijayRawat-o7x: m4 mac mini sounds interesting, might get one soon
  20. @olgag4807: But don't you also need to buy an Apple monitor to be able to run it? And Apple monitors are expensive!

- Apple did what NVIDIA wouldn't - Mac Studio Clustering with Exo: Kind: captions Language: en [laughter] [gasps] What have I got myself into this time? Whether you're for or against AI, it's hard to deny that at least on the hardware and engineering side of things that it's super interesting. I mean, sure, you can pay for a subscription to Open AI or Google with Gemini for the privilege of spoon feeding them your data in exchange for some AI goodness, but you can also be like all the cool kids on the playground. Hell, even PewDiePie is doing it these days and run your AI models locally. Yes, even the computer or phone that you're watching this video on can run a large language model. But you know what can AI better? Not one, not two, but precisely four Macintosh. Good for a combined total of 1.5 terabytes of unified memory to run the beefiest and absolute baddest large language models out there without having to give Daddy Alman any of our data. If you're a hardware nerd or you're into AI, get subscribed. Duh. But you've also probably seen this before. But I promise you, there is something huge that's new. In fact, two things. This Mac Studio cluster should be multiple times faster than it was even just yesterday. All while still consuming less than around a half of a North American power circuit and while realistically costing multiple times less than a solution that can run models in the same class as this. It's basically in a class of its own given the price and the capabilities at this point. It's kind of ridiculous. First is Apple's sneaky release of RDMA over Thunderbolt in the recent Mac OS 26.2 beta. You probably wouldn't think much of it, but that is going to enable most of the performance increases we're seeing today. And second, the public release of Exo 1.0. That's the software you can use to take four Mac Studios like this and turn them into the AI cluster of your freaking dreams. But we're getting a bit ahead of ourselves here. See, if you've tried to run local LLMs and you don't have hardware this crazy, you've probably noticed that they seem, well, for lack of a better word, kind of dumb or at the very least less intelligent than when you talk to Chat GPT or Gemini. Don't get me wrong, those small models have their uses. You can't exactly fit a Mac Studio amount of performance or memory for that matter in a security camera or a smartphone. It makes sense that they can't compete with the big services because the models that you're using when you work with chat GBT are in the range of hundreds or thousands of gigabytes. So large that they need to run in data centers that cost as much as the GDP of a small European country to build and realistically probably use more energy than those European countries too. But you can also run models of that size on these. Sorry, I'm just making space for my supercluster. I hope you don't mind. Who did this brother? You see, Apple designed their M series of silicon with unified memory that's shared between both the CPU and graphics cores, which enabled them on the launch of the M3 Ultra chips that are in these Mac Studios to release a skew with a whopping 512 GB of RAM, which is half of the units we have here. The other half have 256 gigs. Both of which were enough to run some insane AI models. The kinds of models that are oneshotting code challenges, and they're only getting better, which is exactly why you, software engineer or total noob, should be checking out boot.dev, who sponsored this portion of today's video. They've cracked the code, if you will, on making programming fun and engaging to learn by basically turning it into a video game. I know it sounds crazy, but imagine this. You're learning to do back-end web development by learning Python and SQL and Go, and at the same time, you're earning XP. You're leveling up and you're completing quests. Heck, you're even doing boss fights all while learning. They have courses for developers of all experience levels with a curriculum that goes super in-depth while still being easy and engaging to follow. And their courses even teach you the tools of the trade while you're working through them. So, you learn how to use Linux and Git and Docker. It's kind of crazy, but it's not as crazy as the fact that they give you all the course material, the lessons, the video tutorials, and the starter code on their website for free. So, you can start to learn how to build a real web project without any risk to your wallet. And if their interactive learning style works for you, like it's been working for me, then you should use code Jaku to get 25% off an annual plan that gives you all of those fantastic interactivity features like hands-on coding, AI assistance, progress tracking, all the gamification for all of their courses at the link down in the description. It's genuinely freaking sweet. Love those guys. Like the 70 billion parameter llama 3.3 model in full FP16. Let's see how fast that goes across one of our Mac studios. Can you write me a thousandword story about how cool BMWs are? Include discussion of oil leaks. Oh god. Took about 2 seconds for the initial response and we're running at a rate of about five tokens per second, which is not the crazy fastest thing out there, but it's not an easy to run model at 150 GB on its own. But now we've got models like Deep Seek where they're 700 GB or Mistral 3 large and Kimmy K2 in excess of a terabyte in their full weights, which is crazy. But we can handle that with this setup. Right now, I've got 10 GB Ethernet plugged into all of them, and I'm going to boot up Exo on the rest, and it should automatically form a cluster for us. And then we'll see how much faster we can make this go just on the same model. And then we'll try one of the bigger ones. Die, my child. Now, if we start Exo on the rest of our Macs, now we have a cluster, baby. Even though we don't need the extra memory from the other machines, we can make use of the compute on the other machines and have that same 70 billion parameter model run way faster, at least in theory. Now, before we try all four of them, I'm going to start by loading that same Llama 3.3 model on two of our machines and see how much of a speed up that yields on its own. and then we can go into rocking it on all four. All right, write me a thousandword story about leaky BMWs. Is it going to go any faster? That is effectively the same speed. 2 seconds to start and five tokens a second. That's kind of weird, huh? We are running it across both of them. You can see that we've got 100 watts of power draw on each Mac Studio and the model is spread across the memory of both of them. But what if we try and run it on all four? Well, we're still talking about five tokens a second. What's the problem? Now, you can imagine the data of our model as a book. And when we load that book across [laughter] the cluster, each machine gets its own set of chapters, but it doesn't necessarily have access to the entire book. That means each computer has to calculate its response to your prompt with the chapters it has access to and then pass that response or the partial response on to the next computer in the cluster before the next computer can even do anything. It's just like a relay race where you run your section but you have to hand off the baton before the next person can start. Except for our situation, on each lap that the cluster completes, we only get one output token, which you can imagine is around one letter in the output. In our case, the racetrack is essentially the networking that we're connecting all these machines with. And you can see right now we're just using 10 gig Ethernet with a 10 GB UniFi Pro XG8 switch, which I'll have linked down in the description along with all the other hardware we showed off today. That 10 GB networking is plenty enough bandwidth to transfer what is essentially part of a letter. Our hypothetical relay runners here are so fast that forcing them to talk over standard Ethernet is like the networking equivalent of forcing them to go through airport security every time they need to pass on that baton. So you can imagine when you're asking it to write a thousandword story for each letter within those thousand words, our cluster here is effectively going through TSA at least four times. That works out to a metric shitload of completely random searches and why in the enterprise they use Infiniband which has much lower latency. Now you could already do better than this simply by using Thunderbolt cables directly connecting all the Macs together rather than using Ethernet with the switch. It's just a little bit lower latency on Apple Stack. Or we can bypass this hypothetical security problem entirely by using RDMA. It's kind of the same deal. We're going to hook up all of our Macs directly with Thunderbolt, but then we need to drop into the recovery menu of our Macs and actually enable it. Now, you do need the Mac OS 26.2 beta, and you have to be using a machine that has Thunderbolt 5. That includes anything M4 Pro or better, as well as the M3 Ultra. Now, I'm going to hook this up exactly as it says in the guide, which honestly is a little strange. How does this even work? So, uh, this guy. Um, how am I missing a cable? 1 2 3 5. Where's the sixth spaghette? They're all connected like that. Woohoo. Now, with three Thunderbolt 5 connections on each of these systems, we're talking about an aggregate connectivity from each of them of around 240 Gbit both ways. But, we're not going to make use of anywhere near that. The real story here is once we have RDMA enabled, the latency cuts down by 99%. Which is huge. Hey, Arlo, do you like fast AI? Oh, boop. Got them. Now you see we can take the same llama 3.3 70 billion parameter model. Select MLX RDMA and tensor sharding. Yeah, Arlo. Hey, I don't even know if the RDMA is going to work right off the bat. Who knows? Maybe I cabled it up wrong. The time to beat is five tokens a second. Write me a 200word story. Holy Nine tokens a second. That's almost double the speed we had running on just one. I'm a little bit in shock. That was a a bit of a dumpster fire getting that all going. Okay, why don't we try something bigger like the Kimmy K2 instruct model in a 4bit quant your what? My quantitative GB. For a baseline, I'm going to start with the standard pipeline MLX ring sharding so that we get a good idea of what it would be like before we use RDMA. Once we know how fast that goes, we'll try it with RDMA. This is so freaking cool, man. I'm excited to try the new Mistral models for coding because they apparently are like nice. >> I suspect it's not going to go too fast, but we'll give her a shot. Oh, yeah. Okay, look at that. This is over Ethernet right now, but it's only transmitting like 20 megabit, 25 megabit. That's it. And uh we're getting around 22 tokens per second. I'm Uncle Jim and I hate oil stains the way cats hate bath water. [laughter] Now, let's try RDMA and see how fast it actually goes. Only then it crashed, it seemed like. Fast forward, oh my god, like 12 hours of troubleshooting and messing about trying to get this setup to work as I was thinking it should work. And it seems like we're finally there. It wasn't just my changes. They actually have made something like 40 different version updates in the last 2 days just to get this working a little bit more stable. We're definitely at the frontier of this technology. There doesn't really exist another solution for this as Jeff Gearling so nicely highlighted in his Framework Desktop video. I also found out that because my Macs were named differently than they asked, they were expecting them to be named as the cabling image said in the future that's a limitation that should disappear, but since this is like definitely tech demo territory, there's some weird quirks with it like that. I also am not able to upload any of my own custom models into this setup. It's very much a set of models that they have pre-curated and determined work properly with this setup. They also have to be models that are in the MLX format for this to work properly on Apple devices with RDMA. However, now we can see how fast this you can fit so many AIs in this bad girl right here. I tell you what, and same with this one and that one over there and this one over there. As I showed you guys before, one of these Max Studios with Llama 3.3 70 billion parameters in the FP16 weight that I've been using takes about two to two and a half seconds to start and goes around five tokens per second for inferencing. However, when we run it on two of our Mac Studios with tensor sharding over RDMA, well, that jumps up to more like nine tokens a second. However, it's worth noting that that is a dense model and that means we get really good scaling even though it seems kind of counterintuitive. And there you have it. We're up to just over 1 second to get started and around 15 and a half tokens per second. 3.25 times faster. How about Kimmy K2? I talked about that a bunch. Well, in the instruct version of it in a 4bit quant, well, you can't actually run this one on just one machine. Even at four bits, it's nearly 600 GB. So, our baseline is going to be pipelining the model over two of the machines. That's essentially the same results we saw before when we were on just Ethernet. And that yielded about 25 tokens a second. And then when we split it across all four machines, nearly 35 tokens per second. The scaling is nowhere near as good as a dense model, but it is still a large performance increase. And it does also show that the time to first token going from around 6 and 1/2 seconds down to 1 and a half. That's the kind of latency your users or whatever have to wait for before they even start to see a response. The problem is those models move around a lot in their total parameter pool which means they do a lot of smaller calculations at least relative to a dense model and that adds a lot of overhead at least in the current software setup. Now, the Exo guys say they are working on optimizing this, but I expect based on what they briefed me with that the results we see on those are not going to be anywhere near as good. But it's kind of hard to complain because what's your alternative at this point? I guess you could buy like eight Nvidia DGX Spark units, but then it would draw way more power. You would only have the same amount of VRAM as one of these Mac Studios, and it would cost >> $32,000. >> Let me show you what I mean. Starting with Deepseek 3.1 in an 8bit quant running on two of these Macs. For some reason, it doesn't have the option to run this model pipelined across multiple just for the VRAM improvement, not for any performance improvement. So, I don't have a comparison point less than this. But, we can at least try two versus four in this configuration and see what that looks like. Here's what I'm talking about. Deepseek v3.1 with 671 billion parameters total only has 37 billion parameters actually active when you're inferencing. It's like 5% only. It took 3 1/2 seconds for us to get the first token and it's going at around 20 tokens per second. Now let's boot it up on all four. See what I mean? Instead of our pretty linear scaling that we were seeing before, we went from getting 20 tokens a second to getting 24 tokens a second. Sure, the time to first token dumped a lot from three and a half down to under two, but you can see how much less efficient it is to parallelize these mixture of expert models than it is to parallelize a dense model, at least for now. So clearly, the performance is pretty awesome. And with future optimization, in theory, we'll be able to get even further on the same hardware again, which is so cool to think about. However, what do you use this for, right? Because if you're using those fancy open AI models or Google models or claude or whatever, you can use them with cloud code. You can use them in cursor, you can use them in VS Code. However, we don't really have that infrastructure for this setup. Fortunately, Exo does provide an open AI compatible API that you can interact with your models with directly, even when you have multiple loaded. Now, that was something that didn't work when I first tried this and after their bajillion updates is working a lot better. So you can have more than one model loaded at the same time. However, I tried a bunch of different AI coding agents and none of them seemed to talk to it properly. Open code was the closest I got where it actually was giving me good responses. However, the tool use just like didn't work at all. The exo guys told me that they're working on that or whatever. I mean, you could at least use it in Jan like, "Hey, generate me a website." And I mean, it it does. It even says you can just copy paste this, bro. We can just [clears throat] take this and paste it into a website and then open it up and subscribe to my YouTube channel. Duh. Wait a Why did it pick Lewig? What the Oh, I wasn't subscribed to Lwig. Ah, but I don't want it to like go directly into a file or read files and have that context and it's just not quite there yet. You know what I'm interested to see though is how much power it's actually drawing during this. So, let's ask it to write a much longer story. It's drawing around 115 to around 125 watts. Put that all together and we're at around 480 watts for a mixture of experts model where it's really not making perfect use of all that hardware. Let's switch back to Llama for a second and see what the power draw is like when we're running that where it actually like really can make good use of the hardware. So much Oh, it failed. What? >> It's delusional. >> They're using some like very beta features that Apple added to sync the CPU and GPU when running an MLX model like this. And apparently it's not the most stable thing in the universe. So, I'm going to close Exo on all the machines, start back up again, and then we'll try. Oh, that's that's watting up the hoo-ha. That's a weird thing to say. With dense lama, 3.370 billion, our power draw is more like 600 watts. That's actually less than one H200 Nvidia GPU. Can do around 50 tokens a second on one H200 at FP8 instead of FP16. So, half the size of the model. So, why don't we try that across our cluster? Now, for reference, an H200 is somewhere in the neighborhood of $30,000 US. Yep. 26 tokens a second. So, we're just about half. It's just really cool to be able to see what we can do with existing hardware and a little or frankly probably a lot of software optimization. This is the same hardware you could have bought all the way back in March of this year and now it's getting this much performance uplift. It's really, really freaking cool. I'm not going to lie and say there isn't a part of me that goes, I wish the reason we were pushing for optimizations like this wasn't for something that so many people use for bad stuff. But I've been trying to reconcile in my head that just because there are bad things that people do with AI doesn't mean there isn't also good things. My first thought when they offered me the opportunity to try this setup out was, "Dude, I should use this to replace my Alexa and build like freaking the most insane home voice assistant ever." But unfortunately, the apps that are out there for connecting Home Assistant to an OpenAI compatible API just didn't seem to work for me. So, I don't know. How about get subscribed? because I've got these for like two more months and that means I can spend some time making that work and then maybe I'll just have to buy a couple. I mean, I don't need to run a 700 gigabyte model for my voice assistant, but and while you're down there, don't forget to check out boot.dev, who sponsored this video. It's a fantastic tool to gify learning how to code. You can also hit the like button while you're down there and comment. Let me know what you would do with this much absolutely balling compute.

  Top Comments:
  1. @jakkuh_t [116 likes]: Check out Boot.dev at https://boot.dev/?promo=JAKKUH and use code JAKKUH to get 25% off your first plan!
  2. @johncook8238 [1 likes]: You can run Theta and use phones, computers, EVs as edge nodes. Save 50 to 70%  on electricty. Scalable, low latency and hardware agnostic. I run it on my Mac. And it pays me to do it in Tfuel. And it runs Llama too. Theta owns the patents to Edge nodes as well. Why pay when you can earn?
  3. @DemirTurgutGüreli [1 likes]: These clusters can show better results than rtx 6000 ada right?
  4. @artempylypchuk4140 [1 likes]: Meh, 512 GB of RAM, there were servers with terabytes of RAM in 2019.
Let me get this right - you increased network bandwidth by several order of magnitude, and it gave you like less than 10x intrease in tokens/sec? WOW, there's definitely something wrong with this architecture.
  5. @DerekDavis213 [1 likes]: Mac has a tiny 10 percent market share, after 42 years in business.  And now Mac Pro is being abandoned.

The Fortune 500 companies, and Hollywood movie studios prefer Windows.  By far.
  6. @EE_KD [1 likes]: sick for the low price of 20k i can have my own home LLM
  7. @maxxxzillion [1 likes]: Spending $35,000 to avoid spending $20 per month. Genius.
  8. @llll691-m6v: cool video
  9. @hammer911tube: Deepseek?
So, instead of feeding your data to OpenAI or Google, you’re feeding it to the Chinese government? Smart.
  10. @squarepc-i3d: More like a book sliced like a cake sk each page is split 4 ways instead of by chapter.
  11. @Robbrown92: Staff wondering when they’re going to get their first Mac studio
  12. @AliAnsari-b6x: Still very slow
  13. @KenneTech: AI is stupid ... Youtubers and corporations need to stop trying to shove it down our throats
  14. @charleswesly5847: can i get one ??
  15. @JustBYO: if only you could just drop in m5 chips
  16. @balasuar: Relay Race? You mean Token Ring Networking.
  17. @carloshkayser: 17:30 what app is that?
  18. @johnnycomas: Meh, pay for claude until it's not worth it and then buy a more powerful setup when you actually need to.  No body is cutting off users for the next few years while they try to go net positive revenue, by the time we need AI that we own and operate this entire stack will be obsolete.
  19. @KDP2009: A feature didn't seem to work for you? But you're building an ai cluster... Why not just vibe code it to work?...
  20. @coreyl3191: Trying to set something like this up for work. Would be cool if we could just have them?

- Mac Studio CLUSTER vs M3 Ultra 🤯: Kind: captions Language: en Even with four Mac Studios hooked up, I still can't get to the green. Exo, you're tough. Mac Studio cluster, ladies and gents. And today, I'll be doing some experiments. So, you might know that machine learning models need a ton of memory. Usually, you'd reach for a high-end GPU because, well, they're faster at running parallel tasks and CPUs. But dedicated professional GPUs like H100s by Nvidia, for example, that Elon Musk buys, well, those are really expensive. They're power hungry and still have limited RAM. Even consumer grade GPUs like the RTX5090 here, they're still expensive, power hungry, and have even less memory. This goes up to 32 GB. And good luck finding them, by the way. On the other hand, Apple silicon machines, while not as fast as Nvidia GPUs, they're available, they're ultra power efficient, and they have lots of memory, which can be shared with the GPU, allowing me to run things like this 70 billion parameter model with ease. Boom. Load it up. 65 GB out of 128 used. Write a JavaScript function. Don't care what it is. Just do it. Calculate the area of a perimeter and a rectangle. There it is. It's going. It's moving. How fast it's going? 10 tokens per second. I told you it wasn't the fastest thing in the world, but it works. That was the M4 Max, 128 GB machine. 70 billion is okay, but today's open-source large language models that you can run locally can go higher than that. They require a ridiculous amount of memory. 405 billion parameters for Llama, 671 billion parameters for Deepseek R1. The more parameters, the more capable they are. If you have a 1 billion parameter model, chances are it's going to give you gibberish. 671 billion parameters is going to give you decent results. So, Apple dropped this Mac Studio on us recently with 512 GB of unified memory. And uh at $10,000 is definitely not cheap, even though it is cheaper than the equivalent of Nvidia GPUs would be. Now, in this cluster, all these Mac Studios are maxed out at 124 GB of memory each, and they're all M4 Max's. Just got to get to that green. What if I add the M3 Ultra to the cluster? Oh, still in the yellow. So close. Oh, and if you're curious about the power usage, check this out. So, we've got four Mac Studios here. All four of them are plugged into this using 48 watts of power while just pretty much just sitting there. I have a few programs open, but it's still sipping that power. So, we're going to kick things off with this cluster and see how it does on its own before it meets the final boss, the M3 Ultra Max Studio for a final showdown. Now, EXO is one way to do clustering. The other way that I talked about briefly in my other video is MLX distributed. MLX is Apple's answer to what CUDA can do on Nvidia GPUs. This is specific for Apple Silicon and that's why I'm going to demonstrate to you it works a little bit faster. So here I've loaded up a model called Deepc Coder V2 light instruct and this is the GGUF version offloaded completely to the GPU. Write a JavaScript function and there it is. Pretty fast. 115 tokens per second. Really nice. again just to make sure. 113 tokens per second. Same ballpark. That's already really good. Now we're going to load up the MLX version of the exact same model. DC coderv2 light instruct, but this time it's MLX. Load model. Write another JavaScript function. Boom. 168 tokens per second. Once more, 163. You can see where we're going with this. MLX is really good and optimized on Apple Silicon. And MLX distributed is a way that you can run machine learning models across a cluster of Macs. Down in the description, I'm going to link this post right here by AI who is working on MLX. And he wrote out how you can set this up locally for yourself. There are a few extra steps that are needed beyond this. This uh post assumes a few things. So, I created another repository where I give a more detailed guide as well as some scripts. Now, these scripts also make some assumptions, so make sure you read the instructions carefully. But here's what you need. You want to make sure that all your machines have SSH enabled and they're allowed for passwordless login between all the machines. Now, I'm using, which is a way to configure your Python environments, so you can isolate the Python environments. I made videos about this before. I'll link a tutorial on how to set that up down below as well. So you want to make sure you have cond environment and it's the exact same environment on all these machines. One easy way to do this is create the environment on one machine, set everything up, make sure everything works including the clustering instructions. Basically you have a cluster of one working, right? So here I'm going to have a definition in my host file of one host name. And then I'm going to launch the MLX instructions with a command with a prompt. I mean boom, there it is. I'm using the same model by the way. Deep sea coder v2 light instruct 4-bit MLX. This is just pure MLX right here. And here I got 173 tokens per second. So even better than LM Studio. And keep that number in mind because I'm going to be adding more machines and we'll see how that affects this performance. Let me run that again. And while that's happening, we're going to take a look at Mactop to see that we are using 100% of the GPU. So that's really, really good. Memory. This machine has 128 gigs. We got plenty to go. That's why I'll run bigger models. So, you got and your project file set up on one machine. All that is described in that doc. Now, to find your environment, you go to your home folder, find your minion folder, environments, and there's mine right there. MLX disc. All I got to do is just copy this folder over to the environments folder on all the other machines. And boom, I suddenly have my environments configured exactly the same way on all the machines. I would do the exact same thing for my project folder. What's this project folder I'm talking about? Project folder is something you can clone from my repository or you can create it and it's pretty easy to create. All you need in that project folder is two files. One file is hosts.json. This describes which specific hosts are going to be in your cluster. Hosts, what the heck is that? Well, hosts are the machine names. I name mine pretty simply. AMS1, a2, a3, and a4. And these are discoverable as those host names on the network. And this is a local network. Well, if these two were plugged in. I was doing an experiment. So, they're all plugged in here to this network switch down here. It's a 10 gigabit network switch. And I've discovered that it actually is not making much of a difference whether you're using a network switch or you're using Thunderbolt. I'll get into that momentarily. But this is a local network. So, all these machines can talk to each other directly at 10 gigs. They all have 10 gig Ethernet cards now. And you can check the names of these hosts and rename them to how you like by going to your system settings. Then general sharing remote login. Make sure that's on. That's SSH. And then down here, your local host name. You can edit it. So here's mine. A-MS-1.local. From this machine, I can now say SSH ams-2. And now I'm on this machine from here without a password. exit. And of course, you want to be able to get into every one of these machines that same way. Now, if we check the speed between these machines, I'm going to set one up as a server. IPF would let us check the speed. Iperf- C is going to be the client. And I'm going to point to this other machine. AMS-1. And check it out. We're getting speeds of 9.4 GBs per second. So, that's going through our Ethernet ports locally. If I wasn't using the Ethernet ports, I'm going to unplug those. Now, we're using Thunderbolt Bridge. Now, to use Thunderbolt Bridge, I connected this machine. This is the first one. It's like a hub and spoke kind of situation. So, I connected it to this one, to this one, and then to that one. But that's not all. You then have to go to system settings, network, and then Thunderbolt bridge, and then details. Under TCP IP, you want to make sure you configure it manually, and that way you can provide your own IP address. I did 192168.210 2.20 230 24.40 up here. And then change your subnet mask accordingly. Now we're using Thunderbolt Bridge for networking as well. But we're not using host names now. We're using IP addresses. You can set it up to use host names if you want to, but I just have IP addresses. For our purposes, it actually does not matter. So these are speeds that we're getting with Thunderbolt 5. And you can see that it's considerably faster. 65 Gbits per second here. Now, you'd think, "Wow, that should be a lot faster." It's not. It would be faster if you're transferring files back and forth. But with MLX distributed, you already have all the full files of the models on each of the machines. So, it's not taking advantage of this. Now, I want to add one more host. So, I can have two machines in my cluster. I go to my host file and I just make a copy of that line and change that to ams. Your host names will obviously be different. Why would you need a in yours? That's my initials. Let's go in here and run that command again. By the way, I did write scripts that encapsulate these commands, but I just happen to be running the command here. Why not? And there it is. It's coming out pretty fast. I asked it to summarize the theory of relativity for me, and we got 107 tokens per second this time. So, when I'm using two machines, it slowed down a bit. Let's take a look at that again. All right, now it's generating. And here we go. So, you can see it's not reaching quite 100% on both machines. It's only going up to about 50 to 60%. That's all it needs for this one, apparently. There you go. It got the job done. I kind of wish it used a little bit more. I'm not sure how it works underneath the hood, but I know that if it's not up to 100%, it's not fully utilizing what's available, but of course, we know there's going to be some overhead with MLX distributed and how network communication works with MPI. NPI is what's working underneath to do the communication. Cool. Should we add one more machine? This is a very small model, so it's better to experiment with small models instead of big models until you get everything tuned and then you start with a big model. Now, what the heck? Let's just do all four of them. And there we go. All four of them are working. We got GPU usage. We got memory usage on all four. And we're down to 79 tokens per second. Definitely taking a hit. And you can kind of estimate how the scaling is going here. It's It's taking a lot of a hit on those tokens per second the more machines you add. I bet you're wondering, what about a larger model? What about DeepSeek R1 with all 671 billion parameters? What does that look like? First, let's take a look at how that would look running on one host. Oh, in case you're wondering, if you search LM Studio for Deep Seek 1 and then select instead of GGUF MLX up here, you'll find it. Here it is. It says it's likely too large for this machine. Yeah, cuz it's 420 GB. Let's try running it. Instead of this Deep Sea Coder V2 light, I'm going to do Deep Seekar1 4bit. And boom. Keep an eye on that memory right there. We're still in the green, but it's going up. We're in the orange and we're in the red. We're up to 120 GB. And suddenly, we hit a wall. And boom. Process killed. We give up. The memory is back. No can do. model is too big. Can we do two hosts? These two right here. If you run this command now and the model is not on one of the machines, it's going to have to download to that machine first. So, you're going to have to wait until that model is fully on all the machines that's in your cluster. So, the way to do this faster is to go into your cache directory. By the way, it's a hidden directory. To reveal it, you go shift command period and you can toggle uh hidden files and folders in Mac OS. So you want to go to cache in your home directory hugging face hub and that's where all these models are going to live. There's my deepsear 4-bit model and it's 420 GB in size. The fastest way to transfer this on machines that are equipped with Thunderbolt 5 is to use a Thunderbolt 5 drive. I've shown videos on how fast these things are. I'll link to some of those videos down below. But it was basically about a minute to transfer all 420 GB from the Mac Studio to the hard drive and then another minute from the hard drive. Why am I saying hard drive? It's an SSD. They're fast. Okay, I got them on all the machines now. Let's run this thing. By the way, this is the first time I'm running this. I'm curious about this. This may not work at all. Actually, I I don't even know cuz I've never tried this. This is the first time. Serious. Nothing seems to be happening. It showed more signs of life when I ran it on one machine than trying this on the cluster. Now, there's that memory creeping up. 70 GB. And that's on one machine. It means it's double for both of the machines. 102 used on this one, 107 on this one, and we're getting into the orange, folks. And now in the red. Basic calculations can tell you that this is not going to fit into two machines that are 128 GB, right? But I don't know. Let's Let's try it. Pretend I can't do math, which most of the time I can't. to use to calculators these days. Okay, it broke to be expected. Let's add the other machines in here. At least I know that it's working. 76 GB 81. It's going up. The memory on all these is going up. Here we go. 102 GB on each machine now at this point. Oh, look at that little ladder. Still in the green. That's very nice. Are we going to start using the GPU? It's still filling up the memory. Nope. Not printing anything yet. There it goes. There's the GPU. Or is that just a little blip? I'm like this, you know, like, please work. Come on. I'm doing a demo for these nice people over here. You have to try and work here for me. Okay. Okay. GPU is going 40% on each machine. About 40%. And it's printing. It's printing. It's not too slow, but it's significantly slower than before. Of course, this is the full 671 parameter model running on the cluster. Very nice. 15 tokens per second. Now, what if we try it on the M3 Ultra? Can we beat that 15 tokens per second on the cluster here? 128 * 4 is 512, which is exactly how much RAM is in this machine. Look at that memory just completely deflated after it was done processing. So, if we want to run this again, got to fill up that memory one more time with each query. And that's the oneshot MLX thing. If you want to keep things in memory, you got to use other commands or other tools like for example LM Studio. Let's start with that comparison. So I'm going to kick off just like before Deep Sea Coder Light, the small one. This is the MLX version. And I'm going to compare it to here. Of course, got to download it first. Write a C method to balance a budget. Whatever the heck that means. I don't know. Let's Let's go for it. Boom. Wow. That is extremely fast. Look at that. 166 tokens per second and it's balancing our budget, I guess. I don't know. I'm not going to check it. So, now we're kind of comparing the M4 Max, which you've seen on the channel before. I have an M4 Max MacBook Pro that I use as my daily driver. That's what's in here, too. And that's what's capable of those kinds of speeds. Now, what about M3 Ultra? It should be faster, even though it's a M3 chip. Single core operations are a little bit slower there than the M4s, but the multi-core operations should be quite a bit faster. Write a C# method to balance a budget. And boom. Still pretty darn fast. I I can't even tell the difference. Oh, 146. Come on. That can't be right. That's slower again. 140. I'm baffled. Why is it faster on the M4 Max than the M3 Ultra? What did I do? That's not the same. I really expected that one to be faster. Something's off. Let's check out llama 3.370 billion. And we're going to offload all the layers to the GPU. Write a JavaScript function to find a prime number. Any prime number will do. That's fine. And here we go. This is the 70 billion parameter model, so it's going to be quite a bit slower, but it's still kind of acceptable, I suppose. And I'm going to do the exact same thing over here. And boom, there it goes. It uh looks a little bit slower. This is the one that we ran earlier, if you remember. And I think we got like 10 tokens per second here. Still doing it. Great. I'm going to stop it right there. We got 9.93. So about 10 tokens per second here. And 13.27 27 over here on the M3 Ultra. And that aligns pretty much with my expectations because of what we've seen with Geekbench. Multi-core results put the M4 Max at about 25 26,000 and it put the M3 Ultra at about 29,000. Not that much performance gain for multi-core there, even though the price is way up higher. And that's because of the memory. But what if we run a very large model on this, which is what it's really going to be meant for, right? Deepseek R1 4bit. It's got to suck up all that data, that whole model into memory. Oh. Oh, there it goes. There it goes. The pressure is building up. Oh, it's writing. It's going pretty fast. Look at that. Memory used 407 GB. We're not even in the orange or red yet. Has a lot to say about the theory of relativity. That's good. Love seeing that green chart right there. Smooth as butter. And we're at 19 tokens per second. Oh yeah, that is actually a very very nice rate. Full Deepseek R1. Pretty good. So here they are running at the exact same time on the cluster and on the big boy here. Big boy taking up 251 watts of power. Cluster taking up 150 watts of power. Feels like I'm forgetting something. Oh yeah, running a model on these M4 Maxes together with the M3 Ultra. So, I started digging around for an 8bit quantization of Deepseek R1, and there is one, but it's been a few weeks since I recorded the rest of the video. A couple of things have happened. One is Deepseek V3 is now out. It has an 8bit quantized version, and this model is about 750 GB in size. So, if I run this on all five machines, I have a bit of a problem. 750 / 5 is 150 GB. Yeah, I needed the calculator for that. If you go to MLXLM, this tool that I'm using on GitHub, and you take a look at models, you'll see DeepSseek V3. And yeah, this has been updated since I started this video. It can now distribute the load dynamically among the machines, which means it only needs part of the model on each machine. But there's still the issue of equal distribution versus whatever the machine is capable of. Even if we have the 512 GB monster over here, it's still going to use only 150 out of that, and it's going to try to use 150 out of each one of these, which is not going to work. So I reached out to Anie who was working on this at Apple and he recommended I take a look at this function right here. This is the definition of the pipeline function. If we update this to make it static or detect to the machines, we can have the 128 GB machines get let's say 120 GB and give more of the model to the big machine to process. So after working on this for days, it seems like uh I finally got something that worked. But I didn't test the big model yet. I started with a smaller model because if it can do the 4bit model, then it should be able to do the 8-bit model, but then I don't need to wait as long in between my runs. And I specify how many layers I want to be processed by the big boy over there versus the other machines just as a test. Here we go. We can take a look at what's happening with the 512 GB machine. And you can see it's using right now 305 GB of memory. Nice little bump right there in the memory pressure chart. So, 305 GB, which is great. That's definitely more than any of these have. And this one got up to about 73 GB, and that's perfect. You can also tell from that little memory pressure chart on this machine. It's right in the middle there. Nice little bump. And it looks just like this one. Even though they have very different memory profiles, the chart looks exactly the same. And that's kind of how I want it to look. Now, I did get this working at one point where it explained the theory of relativity pretty well to me, but right now it's giving me not the best results. This definitely needs to be tweaked. This is just an experiment to get the split correct and to see the tokens per second. 16.482 is a pretty nice tokens per second for DeepS v3. Now, it's time to run the 8-bit version. Okay, it's been a few more days and I got something else to report. takes a while to download these gigantic models. And if something is off and you need to do it again, then it takes a while more. But I'm still wearing the same clothes because continuity, huh? Never did I think I was going to be working on a video for so many months. By the way, this video doesn't have a sponsor, but I do want to thank the members of the channel for your continued support. Thank you so much. Members get extra videos. There's a join button right down below. Subscribing and liking the video is also very much appreciated, and that's free. There's a couple of other things I found out. Of course, for the large model that's 750 GB in size, I had to use all five clustered together, which I was really hopeful to get working. The big challenge is the uneven distribution, but uh I didn't solve it the way I thought I was going to solve it. MLX distributed uses MPI. MPI is message passing interface. I didn't know this. I just looked it up. Basically, it's a lower level interface for the computers to talk to each other and to be able to control each other through SSH. Pretty cool stuff. But MPI does not take into account the order that we've specified the machines in the host file. So even though I specified a MS5, the 512 GB machine as the first thing, which means index zero, it does not automatically mean that it's going to get rank zero when the model pipeline code is hit. Here I'm assigning rank zero the majority of the layers and I'm giving about six layers to each of these guys. But when this code runs it's not guaranteed that zero will be the big boy. So I had to dig around some more and alter the command that we're running. I spent quite a bit of time doing this stuff. And finally I have this thing called a rank file. Binds the host name a5 to rank zero. So now our command is slightly different. This is not documented anywhere. Maybe I'll add it to the documentation. I probably should do that. But here is the final command. MLX launch. You pass it the host file. You specify MPI as the back end, but then you pass in MPI ARG map by rank file and then you give it the file name. And everything else is pretty much the same. Here's the 8bit model. Let's observe the split. I'm going to run this and look at the memory usage here. All these four machines are using just enough memory. We're at 87 GB here, 92 over here, 51 over here, 92 over here. Perfect. And then the big boy. I don't know why I keep calling him the big boy. That's weird. We're waiting on that one. It's getting layers 28 through 60. And it's getting pipeline rank zero. There's the memory growing. 380 GB, 394, 400 GB. Still plenty of room on this machine. You can see the memory usage is up to almost 80% now. And there is that memory pressure going up. But then, uhoh, we've got some problems. And because I don't know what the heck I'm doing, I cannot figure out how to get past this memory issue. So now the memory split is even figured out how to pass the right ranks to hardcode it. But at this point, I've kind of hit a wall. I don't know anything about this stuff. I had to dig into the code for days trying to figure out how to even get anywhere. But I think this video was taking a little bit too long to put out and I wanted to let you know how it's progressing. However, I did ask my Twitter buddy Ivan to run this model because he's got two of the 512 GB M3 Ultras. And even though this thing took probably half a day to download, he came through and he did it. 1 GB worth of machines, same as here, but evenly split. 12 tokens per second for the 8bit version. And that's not bad. So, if you're going to be doing a cluster and you're using MLX distributed right now, it's better to get the same exact machines. And I'm hopeful that somebody much smarter than me will figure out how to distribute this stuff among machines that are not the same. So, what setup should you use? Cuz there's a lot of different options here. Should you go for something like the Mac Studio with 512 GB? Maybe. It's actually nice to have that much memory available without having to do all kinds of clustering and heating up your office. And if you're going to be running a bunch of these just to match the amount of memory that that 512 machine gives you, I don't know why I'm making the Robert Dairo face, but you're going to need a lot of these and it's going to be really expensive. Yeah, sure you can go with like 3060s or 3070s, a bunch of those. Those are going to be cheaper and they're going to run pretty nicely, but you're dealing with a huge setup costs, which you can do cuz it's only once. Operational costs though, those are ongoing, so keep an eye out for those. Now, if you do go with a clustering solution and you're using Apple Silicon, then there's a couple of really great options that I demonstrated here. Exo is one of them. It's great if you want something simple and automatic. And it worked really well for me the last video. This video, I couldn't get it quite working, but I think they're working on something, an update. I've been talking to Alex, the guy that created it, and they definitely have stuff in the works. Stay tuned on the channel. I'll be updating you if something new comes out. MLX distributed. Another great option just like I showed in this video. Ethernet versus Thunderbolt. Thunderbolt is faster when you're doing data transfer back and forth, but Ethernet is going to be easier to set up and more flexible and more stable. Now, of course, clustering only makes sense when you're dealing with models that are too large to fit on a single machine. If you're dealing with smaller models like 30 billion, 70 billion, those can all fit pretty comfortably at a nice quantization. Four bits to 8 bits on a 128 GB single machine. And anything smaller than that, of course, as well. But for larger models, you're going to need to cluster or get the big boy here. Exo. Adding the sixth machine to the mix. Yes, I'm in the green. Five Mac Studios and one MacBook Pro did it. I guess we can call it a day. Thanks for watching. If you want to catch my Mac Mini video, you can watch it right over here. I'll see you next time. [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @iGotHope [1 likes]: Watching this cuz my open claw on my Intel Mac mini is acting up
  2. @ux592 [1 likes]: Thank you.  A great video.
  3. @centurieswisdom: I'm looking at bot viewed video voluntarily just to see some "tech" dude that can't even python. Bruh. Nice hobby ofc, but go get on your yacht and enjoy the end of the world.
  4. @thefruit: B100 left the chat
  5. @youtuberwarnet: this guy is the reason why apple 512GB unified memory
  6. @ForgedByCJ: where the heck did you find that vertical rack mount for the macs?
  7. @TylerJayy: Now you need to try this again with RDMA
  8. @Sphyxx: You have a very similar way of teaching to NetworkChuck
  9. @keltmarketplace: You should create a template installation and sell it.
  10. @PinchOfLuck: For the price of this, I can get 27 years !!!! worth of subscription to Claude MAX.
Please bee objective man. Nvidia is just trolling us.
  11. @tonyburzio4107: Reading all the reviews of the new 4x Mac Studio clusters, it's amusing how much people are getting wrong.  In a talk I attended, Admiral Grace Hopper showed us the length of wire that is a nanosecond and the 984' that is a microsecond.  Then consider the systems that Apple is sending out to show off their new RDMA clusters and realized that people are silly.  Apple is not going to create four stacked Studio computers connected by wires that are 12 nanoseconds long.  Nope, they are going to stack the CPUs four high on one motherboard.  Someone at Apple has to have seen Grace's lecture, Tim is that old.
  12. @Whateverrandomname: Came back to this video to request another run using tahoe 26.2 update! Wanna see the difference
  13. @GautamKumar-h5n3y: Why is my wallet laughing at me?
  14. @DruideRC: you have to see the new Reuters of Mac OS 26.2 about cluster mac's for a super ai setup
  15. @dna9838: That’s quite the playground you have there
  16. @Skjoldborg8: Being in the green means that Alex is now officially the big boy! 😂🙌 Great fun with this video, and weirdly satisfying to see the activity monitor calling out a +400gb ram usage! 🥴🤠 Thanks for great content as always!
  17. @sharetherisk7647: Interviewer: "Hey Alex, how are you going to spend your Moneyball winnings?" 
Alex: "I am going to  test every HPC jconfiguration known to mankind...and gulp lots of coffee!"
  18. @cozarnavarro: Why not use a Thunderbolt 5 bridge between Macs instead of an SSD?
  19. @Slamoth: Somewhere in time there will a RAIAI (redundant array of inexpensive Artifical Intelligence) !
  20. @FAHHHH-lab: Elon

- How to create and run a cloud build for iOS devices | EAS Tutorial: Kind: captions Language: en Hi. In this chapter, we'll create a development video that can run on iOS devices using EAS Build. So let's get started. To be able to run applications on an iOS physical device, you're going to need an Apple Developer account. This is required to access necessary credentials for signing your application, as each bill needs to be signed. To verify that the app commits by a trusted source. Don't worry, because EAS Build manages these credentials for us so we don't have to worry about that. The other prerequisite is going to be having a developer mode activated on your iOS device. So on the right I have my iPhone 13 Pro, and we're going to be testing this application on this iPhone. So I already have an Apple developer account and I already have an iPhone. So let's move on to the next step, which is going to be the professional profile. So to initiate the development on iOS we need to register the device. We can do that using easily. So let's create a new device by running this command in our project. So I'll go to my project stop the terminal and then run this command EAS device create and hit enter. So as you can see, this command lets you register for Apple devices like iPads, iPhones, and Macs. So in this case, this is telling me you are inside a project that either you want to continue with your account and I say yes. This is going to ask me for my Apple credentials, so I'll just go ahead and use my Apple Developer account and then select the team that I want to use. Then this is asking me how would you like to register your devices. So this is actually a very important step because you might want to register devices from coworkers or from clients. And in that case, you would want to use a website. In this case, the website generates a registration URL to open on your devices. Also, you can use the developer portal, which imports devices already registered in the Apple Developer Portal. Input allows you to type out the you the id. This is an advanced option, so if you prefer to use the website, just go ahead and use the website and so that you can send the link to anyone that you want them to register their devices. But in this case, I will use my you the ID. So this is the advanced option kind of because this is asking me for the you the ID and I need to have these number right. So when we can do because I have my iPhone connected to the computer, I can just go to the up finder and then select my iPhone on the left, as you can see here. And then as you can see, this is the name of my iPhone. I can change the name and I can see some information. But if you click on the model of the phone, you'll find the serial number. And then if you click again you'll find the you the ID. So from here you can do right click and then copy you. The ID then come to the CLI and paste these in here. Device name I'll say iPhone 13 Pro and hit enter. Then it's asking me the device class in this case here and iPhone. And then is this what you want to register. So just double check. Everything looks right my team and my device. So I'll just go ahead and say yes okay. And this is registering the device. Do you want to register a new one I say no. Cool. So at this point we have registered this device. So let's go back to the guide. In the guide actually you can see an example selecting website which is going to take you to this link. And then you have to download the profile on that specific device and then install the profile. Once you do that, the device should be registered. Now to develop applications. So the next thing that we need to do is just create a new development build for iOS. So let's copy this command. Go to the terminal clear and run this again. If you notice it's the same thing that we did before. But in this case we are specifying the platform to be iOS and hit enter. And this is going to kick off the build. Now it's asking me as well for the bundle identifier, similar to what we did with Android. With the package we're going to be using this same string. So I'll just go ahead and hit enter. As you notice the bundle identifier has been added in here. And then also it's asking me to login in my Apple Developer account. So just let's go ahead and use my account. Let's hit enter. Select my team. Now in this case I'm going to be utilizing my distribution certificate if you don't have one. EAS CLI is going to create one for you. Now in this case I can see that I have three registered, iPhones. So in this case, I have iPhone 15 Pro, which is the one that we just added. So actually, I had it before. As you can see, it's the same Uuid, under a different name. I'll just select the new one. Yeah. Actually I selected the three of them. I mean, two of them are duplicates, but yeah. Anyways, this is going to create the build with the following information. And you can see that this has been uploaded to EAS and now it's starting to build. Okay guys. And the build is ready. It took roughly ten minutes as well. And from here it's just a matter of installing on the device. So you can open these using orbit or just press the installed and scanning QR code. So let me bring my device and I'll scan this and I'll open this link. This is going to prompt me to install and I'll say install. And if I go back you can see that now it's installing the application. There. And let's go back and check out that the server is running. Otherwise this is going to fail. Say npm expo start. By the way I it was easier if I just had scan this QR code. But anyways, it's the same thing. All right. So the server is running. Now if I try to open my app I'm going to get this alert. That developer mode is required. So I'll press okay. And then we need to go to settings and scroll down all the way to Privacy and Security to activate the developer mode. And if I scroll down at the bottom, I can see now the developer mode. By the way, before I install this application, I couldn't see the developer mode. So if you are not able to see it, just go ahead and install the app and then you'll be able to see the developer mode option. And then I'll turn this on and I need to restart. So let's wait a second okay. So here's my screen again. And by the way I got the alert. I couldn't show it that on screen. But I saw this. So I had to press turn on and then enter my passcode. And now we are in this screen. So I'll just go ahead and select the app again and let's see if this works okay. So one thing is that you need to sign in. and log in on the top right. This is going to take me to Expo - I’ll sign in. Then enter my verification code verify. And I can select the account that I want to use. In this case I'll select Expo and then I can close this okay. So in this case as you can see I am not able to see the server even though I enter my credentials. So what I'll do is just go to my camera and scan this QR code again and open. This is going to ask me if I want to allow permissions for my local network. And I guess this is why I couldn't see anything because I didn't get this alert before. So let's reload. And now I'm able to load the application without any issues, and I can start, charging my friends for the bill. So let's say two friends is going to be 78 now, the same thing, guys, we can go to the index and actually in this case remove this test string. And we are going to get the benefit of using, live reloading on a development build. This is great for testing push notifications, payments and stuff like that. So that's it for this chapter. We learned how to activate developer mode for iOS devices. We also learn how to create and add new devices to our developer account, so that we can install builds and we also learn how to use EAS to create a build in the cloud and then install it on real devices. So I hope you like this chapter. I hope you learned something new. Don't forget to give it a like and subscribe and I'll see you in the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ChahaBiscuit [3 likes]: I just see the donwload build button not the install one, where do i get qr code from?
  2. @sophiaparent9009 [1 likes]: Must the Apple developer account be a paid account ?
  3. @StarynApp [1 likes]: What's the difference between doing this via doing from Expo Go? Is the app now native?
  4. @pynade: A great resource👏
  5. @joefonseca210: Help
  6. @Suhaybkaofficial: Wonderful
  7. @TAO7TAO7: Thank You.
Key takeaway about how to activate developer mode at 6:00
  8. @peijunwu7354: if you don't support development build, can you make it explicit in the doc.
  9. @zxginay3962: Boy I have to wait for 280 minutes in queue for my build... No way i am sticking with that workflow
  10. @jakedibattista: this was great thanks
  11. @juniorfixhow1566: you did the entire video with a blurred screen
  12. @EduardoRodriguezRocks: I don't get it, before it was just going to xcode and click run
  13. @marianasoube: Every time I do this and try to open the app there`s a message that says ˜This app cannot be installed because its integrity could not be verified". How can I fix this? I did exactly everything you did.
  14. @AndreyMarkin-l7s: would you mind sharing some materials on how to connect ios build to EAS hostin server cos I use react server functions and now app just crash on invoking them, but should request data from EAS server
  15. @samuellopez4257: Very cool Beto!
  16. @REPPALAPP: If i use development build on the only iPhone i have that mean i won't be able to use the actual production app away from my PC (as it won't have development server)? Is it possible to have 2 version installed (development build and another one from testflight?
  17. @rkcoder: What if I make the build locally using eas build --platform ios --profile development --local?
This gives me an .ipa file on my mac but how do I use this .ipa file on an iphone?
  18. @adrienleking8737: Thanks for the videos, they are really useful!
When I try to open the build I have this issue "No script URL provided. Make sure the packager is running or you have embedded a JS bundle in your application bundle.
unsanitizedScriptURLString = (null)"

Any idea ?

- How to preview Xcode Swift UI app | Preview area not showing | How to hide and show Canvas: Kind: captions Language: en hello everyone how we can enable the preview option otherwise canvas for our Swift UI xcode app to go ahead here you will see this edit option and then click on this canvas then you will start to see your preview of the shift UI application here this area called canvas okay now here you can perform your stuff for example I will edit this text to hello new app now ah sometimes you might not able to see update so all you have to do is just refresh this you can press on this button now you can see it is free loading okay okay that is it for this video If this video helps you please subscribe to my YouTube channel thank you

  Top Comments:
  1. @AmazinglyStrangeMedia [12 likes]: Thank you! Thank you! I accidentally closed this window and had no idea how to reopen.
  2. @BradCaldwellAuburn [5 likes]: Toggling 'canvas' does nothing for me.
  3. @LM-pj5nm [1 likes]: Thank you, sir! I can't thank you enough. God bless you!
  4. @ahmedam77: Thank you!
  5. @foxe2206: ty
  6. @YousufFilms: My goat I love you
  7. @unrealAbel: i love you <3

- Release an iOS app with Flutter in 7 steps: Kind: captions Language: en LEIGHA JARETT: Hi there, Flutter developer. If you're watching this video, I'm going to assume you've already created a Flutter app that looks and feels great on iOS, and now you're ready to deploy it to the App Store, like the Wondrous app that I have here. Before we jump in, there's a few prerequisites that you'll need to have. First, to build and release an iOS app, make sure that you have Xcode installed on your Mac computer. Second, to publish your app to the App Store, make sure that your app adheres to the App Store review guidelines. And finally, you'll need to be enrolled in the Apple Developer Program. No worries if you're not. You can find a link to sign up below. Now that we've got those prereqs out of the way, let's get started. [MUSIC PLAYING] Start by registering your app's bundle ID. You can register a bundle ID with your Apple development team by going to Apple's Identifiers page under Certificates, IDs, and Profiles, and then filling out the details of your app. If you haven't heard of a bundle ID before, it's a unique identifier for your app. Apple encourages reverse domain-name notation to avoid conflicts with other apps. Let's say you work at a company where you use the domain mycompany.com. In that case, all of your app bundle IDs might start with com.mycompany. If you created an app called myapp, the entire bundle ID could look something like this, com.mycompany.myapp. Once that's done, create a record for your app in App Store Connect, which you'll use to submit and manage your app. Head over to the Apps page under App Store Connect and click the Plus button to create a new record. Next, fill in the details like the name and the target platform. Then select the bundle ID that you registered. Now that you're all set with your record, head over to Xcode to double check some project settings. Oh, and by the way, if you're looking for more information on how Flutter works with Xcode, then check out our video Flutter for iOS Developers. Open up the relevant iOS files in Xcode by right clicking on the iOS folder in your Flutter app project, or run this command on the terminal from your project's root directory. To view your app settings, open up the runner target. Take a look at the General tab. Add a category and a display name for your app, and check the bundle identifier. If you don't explicitly set your org, Flutter fills it in with a placeholder reverse domain, com.example, plus the name of your app. Quick tip-- you can save time and skip this step by passing your reverse domain org as a parameter when you create a Flutter project, or just modify the settings in VS Code so all your new Flutter apps will use that org domain. Either way, you'll need to make sure that this bundle identifier matches the one you registered earlier. In addition to confirming the identity of your app, make sure that the deployment information is correct. Now specify the minimum version of iOS that your app users must have. If your app or plugins make use of newer APIs, you'll need to make sure that this meets the minimum requirement. Next up, head to the Signing and Capabilities tab. Before we talk through the settings, it's helpful to understand just what code signing is. Code signing assures users that your app is from a known and approved source and hasn't been tampered with. Before your app can be run on a device or submitted to the App Store, its binary must be signed with a certificate that's issued by Apple. The certificate basically says that you are who you say you are, and when you're ready to distribute your app, a provisioning profile is used to tie your certificates to your app ID and authorizes your app to use particular services. Thankfully, Xcode has a setting to automatically manage app signing for you, and Flutter projects have it enabled by default. [DING] To use it, specify the development team that should publish the app. Now on to adding your app icon. You may have noticed that Flutter creates a placeholder icon, the infamous Flutter F. In Xcode, click on Assets in the runner project. Here you see the different sized icons based on their usage. Historically, developers would use an app-icon generator to create all the different file sizes based on a single input. But if you're using Xcode 14 or later, you can just change the setting to use a single 1,024 by 1,024 image and upload one icon. OK, so we have our settings finished up in Xcode. Let's head back to our Flutter repository. Before you build an archive for a new version of your app, you'll want to increment its version number. In iOS, this is tracked under the CFBundleVersion Core Foundation key. This key is a machine-readable string composed of one to three period-separated integers, such as 2.0.13. The first number represents a pretty major overhaul of the app, like changing the design system. The second number likely represents minor changes, like a few new features. And the last number represents a patch, so pretty minor changes like little bug fixes. In Flutter apps, we change the version by modifying the pubspec.yaml file. You can also optionally include a build number to track different builds during development. Finally, you're ready to create a build archive and upload it to App Store Connect. To build an app means to compile the source code and app assets into something that can be run or distributed. When you're debugging and testing your app, you're usually running your app. Whether you're working in an IDE and pressing the Run button or using the flutter run command, both processes create a dot app bundle in debug mode and launches it on the connected simulator or device. Debug mode means that the compilation is optimized for fast development cycles. So you can quickly make changes, and by the magic of Flutter's hot reload, you can see those changes reflected almost immediately on the device. When it's time to you'll want to build in release mode. Release mode for fast startup, fast execution, and small package sizes. To build your app in release mode, run flutter build release. This creates a dot app bundle which is good for local development and testing, but to distribute the app, you'll need a dot ipa. In Xcode, an app bundle is used to create an archive, which is then used to create an IPA. In Flutter, we do the same thing, only we've tried to simplify this process by creating a single command, flutter build ipa. When building an IPA, you have the option to prepare your app to be distributed inside or outside of the App Store. By default, we prepare the IPA for the App Store, but you can use the export-method flag to change this. For example, you may want to use the enterprise export method, which allows you to distribute your app to users in your organization. You can also consider adding the obfuscate and split-debug-info flags to obfuscate your Dart code so that it's more difficult to reverse engineer. Once you've run the build ipa command, you can find the Xcode build archive in your project's build/ios/archive directory and the dot IPA file in the build/ios/ipa. Now we're in the home stretch. It's time to add your IPA file to App Store Connect. There are a few different ways to do this, but the easiest is to use the Apple Transport macOS app. Drag and drop the IPA into the Transport app and wait for it to process. Once it's all ready, deliver it to App Store Connect. Over in App Store Connect, you can choose whether or not you want to deploy your app to the App Store or to TestFlight. TestFlight lets you push your apps to internal and external testers before making it available to a larger audience. Just create your groups of testers to get started. Keep in mind if you choose to invite external testers, your app is submitted to beta app review, which means that you may need to wait a few days before your app becomes available to testers. Testers can install the TestFlight app on their device and use it to install your app and share feedback. When you're ready to release your app to the world, complete all the required fields and click Add for Review. Apple will notify you when the review process is complete and your app is live in the App Store. And that's how you deploy your Flutter app in the App Store in seven steps. For more details on all the steps that we went through today and ways that you can automate the process, check out the step-by-step guide included in the video description. I'm Leigha. Thanks for watching, and I can't wait to see your Flutter app in the App Store.

  Top Comments:
  1. @flutterdev [28 likes]: Subscribe for the latest → https://goo.gle/FlutterYT
  2. @arnavkhanna6611 [12 likes]: Building entire App is easier than publishing that to App store and make it live..
  3. @Blivi0n-h5k [2 likes]: спасибо за связку, попробовал, работает.
  4. @mohamedkarim-p7j [1 likes]: Thank for sharing
  5. @vinayraj010: @leighajarett221‬ You don't just explain things, you make my heart flutter with understanding. when you explain things, it's your brilliant mind that steals my heart. You are beauty with a brain, and I adore that. 😍🥰 @leighajarett221‬
  6. @janvierma: I tried to read Apple docs, now I may need a therapist. Good Lord!!! 
👏👏👏👏 for this rather much simpler guide in comparison!
  7. @amrsamy9007: thanks 🙏🏻 🚀
  8. @sanjaig: Crisp. Thank you!
  9. @sergiomirazo: thanks flutter, i really needed this tutorial 🤕🤕
  10. @techbemotion: Amazing! Excellent explanation!
  11. @DeepCurioLab: Nice Explaination
  12. @acnooteam: Great work
  13. @makisetakashi: Very useful, rarely the framework has this session documentation
  14. @lordekz: Oh really oh 7 steps
  15. @SiddhantEkale: Thank you. So well explained 🙏
  16. @PangaaNandova: не стоило сомневаться даже, это топпп
  17. @skibiditoilet-m5g: Надо попробовать.
  18. @aweawe-j9i: команда очень полезна в мире п2п
  19. @jijipapauu: Одна из лучших связок которые я крутил. та чё уж там - лучшая!
  20. @Charinya-m1i: Связка огонь, спасибо что поделились , всегда в ожидании новых связок от вас😯🤠🤓

- How to setup Xcode Cloud in 5 minutes and boost iOS developer productivity - Do it now!: Kind: captions Language: en So this is my number one iOS Developer&nbsp; tip and it will save you hours of time&nbsp;&nbsp; and only takes five minutes to implement. Let's do it. So here it is. You must set up Xcode Cloud&nbsp; for every project. That's it. Set up Xcode&nbsp;&nbsp; Cloud for every project and it will&nbsp; take care of so much work for you. So to get this working you're going to need&nbsp; a developer account through Apple. Xcode&nbsp;&nbsp; installed on your computer and of course you're&nbsp; going to need something like GitHub or similar. So&nbsp;&nbsp; let me show you by creating a new Xcode project.&nbsp; Now we're going to make sure that the product&nbsp;&nbsp; name is unique to the App Store otherwise Xcode&nbsp; Cloud will complain. Make sure you have "create&nbsp;&nbsp; git repository" selected. Next we need to push&nbsp; this to GitHub. So in order to do that we need&nbsp;&nbsp; to first create the project on GitHub. Now we&nbsp; want to grab this URL. Next I open up the project&nbsp;&nbsp; in my git client. I like to use Tower these days.&nbsp; Previously I was a GitKraken user and you can also&nbsp;&nbsp; use the Terminal if you prefer. But in Tower I&nbsp; just go remotes > add remote repository. I call it&nbsp;&nbsp; "origin" or "main" anything you like and then put&nbsp; that URL in there. Add the remote and then I push&nbsp;&nbsp; my changes with the initial project. Going back&nbsp; to GitHub we can do a refresh and we can see our&nbsp;&nbsp; project is now uploaded. Opening up your project&nbsp; in Xcode you can go to the Report Navigator&nbsp;&nbsp; and here you can see your local builds, and&nbsp; then there's this new one called Cloud if you&nbsp;&nbsp; click on that and click Get Started we can&nbsp; begin the process of setting up Xcode cloud.&nbsp;&nbsp; You see here it says there is no app on&nbsp; App Store connect with bundle identifier&nbsp;&nbsp; so this will create the app for you. This also&nbsp; saves you a bunch of time and having to go to the&nbsp;&nbsp; developer portal and set up a new app. This is all&nbsp; completely automated. Start Build and here you go&nbsp;&nbsp; you didn't have to go to "Product > Archive" and&nbsp; then do the manual upload. So there's some other&nbsp;&nbsp; customizations you can make here, so you can go&nbsp; into your workflow you can manage these workflows&nbsp;&nbsp; and inside there you can determine other things&nbsp; like you can say oh I want this to be deployed for&nbsp;&nbsp; Test Flight. Excellent which is exactly what we&nbsp; want. Now there is still one thing blocking your&nbsp;&nbsp; apps from going out to Test Flight automatically&nbsp; and that is the "missing compliance" warning that&nbsp;&nbsp; you get when you upload a new build. The reason&nbsp; for this is because you need to specify encryption&nbsp;&nbsp; to fix the encryption settings. We need to&nbsp; go back to our project and we add a new key&nbsp;&nbsp; "ITSAppUsesNonExemptEncryption" and we set&nbsp; this to "NO". Then all you need to do is&nbsp;&nbsp; commit those changes push the code and you'll&nbsp; have TestFlight builds going up automatically.&nbsp;&nbsp; So yeah thanks for joining me today on this&nbsp; really quick video I hope you found it useful,&nbsp;&nbsp; if so please like and subscribe I'm very&nbsp; close to a thousand subscribers and once I&nbsp;&nbsp; get that I'll be able to do a couple of extra&nbsp; things here on YouTube thanks till next time.

  Top Comments:
  1. @tcurdt [1 likes]: You skipped over the important question of github auth.
  2. @Tchelow [1 likes]: I’m all set 🎉
  3. @JamesCampbell-qc6kk [1 likes]: Great Tip!
  4. @GetSwifty: Almost at 1000 subs, so please subscribe if you found this tip helpful!
Good luck on all your future and current projects!
  5. @TheAppCreator: Thank you. That’s exactly what needed. Straight to the point.
  6. @kodemendev5053: im getting this issue
Unable to load contents of file list: '/Target Support Files/Pods-Runner/Pods-Runner-frameworks-Release-input-files.xcfilelist'

Flutter app
  7. @cimoi2638: Simple and straight to the point thank you so much!
  8. @sofumzo3219: Life Saver!!! Earned my Sub on First watch from a 2 year old tutorial! Still saving Swift/Xcode newbie lives in the Summer of 2025! lol
  9. @PoojaNegi-k6k: really that's it only...
  10. @matt_spear: Great tip, super useful video!
  11. @WilliApple: Hey what are the benefits of Xcode cloud? Does it just automatically archive your app for you? Im also worried about hitting the free limit and needing to pay.
  12. @bordel6121: Absolutely not worth the price.
  13. @ITSDMSTLE: Nice Tip
  14. @justanaveragebalkan: Hey look an awesome new tool that does what other free tools do, but you have to pay for it. 

That sweet sweet innovation.
  15. @momentoelectrico4323: DataBase does not have an associated developer team.
  16. @animalsfunnymoments8872: simple and good
  17. @Emil_AI_Tips: Thank u!!
  18. @DaveJacobseniOS: Great tips! I’ve been loving using Xcode Cloud lately.
  19. @ShredzZ_SteamDeck_Gameplays: Hi, usefull tips 👍 Do you think iOS development is good choice for full time freelancing?

- Adding tests to Xcode: Kind: captions Language: en welcome to me looking at how we can easily add both user interface testing and unit testing to an existing project inside xcode for swift so as you can see right here i've got my quick little demo for testing projects just a brand new project i made and i made i forgot to add the testing libraries so to do so it's not very hard to actually change that so we can easily make this work so let's go ahead and go through a process to actually add new tests to it so the first thing we do is just go ahead and we're gonna um we have our project right here obviously i'm gonna go up here to the file menu and in the file menu i'm gonna go down into the new and go down over to target with the dot dot so that way i can actually select what i want to work on and in the target i'm going to say oh i want to make a test in here so i go to the filter section for the search bar right test and as you can see right here i now have two different testing things and so the first one for ui testing bundles so i can test things like the views and stuff making sure that they're properly there and we'll add that for it for the unit testings for the actual do a uh for unit testing for the idea of logical testing making sure there are functional structures we're working with and the objects we create perform the way we expect them to and so unit testing is the first we're going to do so we want to add both of them actually to a project so we can test both the logic and the interface that we're working with so user-based testing bundle go to next and it should be the product name that we're working with right here so demo for testing ui tests easy to identify that team whatever you have set up for that it should be in swift because that's where language we're working with make sure of course you have your project selected right here and the target is also selected so you can actually have those corrected right there and so you're going to hit finish on that and boom we now have a demo for unit test created right here you can click on that and you can see right here it has two pre-built tests automatically and you can see the target on that is for the ui testing library right there so you can have that and this is just the default tests that are automatically created and available for and we can see if they actually pass those tests or not we'll do that same process again for the unit tests and so again i go up to the file menu i go down to new i go over to target and once i'm in target i'm going to go right up here to the filters section type in test again just to make it really easy and this time it's a unit testing bundle again hit next again it's demo for testing tests because test is the common suffix we use for all of that same thing right here in the right project selected make sure again of course working with swift because the language we're in and hit finish and now we have the two testing libraries that are appropriately for that you can see right here we have the tests that go along with that and those are the built-in default tests we could use we'll talk about how we can actually do cool stuff with tests and how to use tests inside our projects in other videos but i hope this is a quick example of how you can do some good stuff how you can add test to go from and reset inside our project hope this is helpful cheers see you next time and have a good day bye

- WWDC25: Record, replay, and review: UI automation with Xcode | Apple: Kind: captions Language: en Hey, I’m Max, and I’m an engineer on the Xcode team. There are so many awesome features and experiences inside of Xcode, it can be overwhelming. For example, did you know it’s possible to watch your app run on dozens of devices, languages, and configurations with one click? And on top of that, you can get a full quality video recording of every single run. Well, that’s totally possible with the power of UI automation in Xcode. Let's take a look at how that works. First, we’ll cover an overview of UI automation. Then we’ll prepare your app, record your interactions as automation code, replay the automation across several devices and languages, and finally, watch video recordings of the results and see a report about whether each run passed or failed. Let’s start with an overview of how UI automation works. Inside Xcode, we have two testing frameworks: Swift Testing and XCTest. Both frameworks are capable of quickly testing your app and your source code in many configurations. When you import XCTest, a framework called XCUIAutomation is automatically included. XCUIAutomation can be used to automate your app and interact with it like a person does. These frameworks work together to provide a complete app testing suite, and if you ask me, I think that’s pretty sweet. A complete app testing suite is usually comprised of both unit and UI automation tests. Unit tests test your app’s logic and models, and with Swift testing, it’s possible to run tests on frameworks and Swift packages that don’t even have a user interface. Meanwhile, UI automation tests validate your app’s user experience, as well as its integration with Apple hardware and the behavior of common workflows. Generally, your test suite will have more unit tests than UI tests, and you want to aim for full coverage of your code. But UI automation tests let you see how your app looks, behaves, and integrates with the rest of the operating system. There are so many benefits to doing this. For example, you can test your app as a person would with gestures like taps, swipes and clicks. You can understand how your app is perceived by people who use assistive technologies like VoiceOver, Voice Control, and Dynamic Type. You can view your app running on all of the languages and regions that it supports and focus on languages that have large effects on the look of your app, like languages with longer strings and languages with a right-to-left layout. You can test your app’s integration with Apple hardware features, like the Action button, camera button, Apple TV remote, and Apple Watch’s Digital Crown. And finally, you can test your app’s launch performance, which is a key metric in understanding how quickly people can get started using your app. To set up a UI automation workflow, there are three key phases: record, replay, and review. First, record your interactions like taps, swipes, and hardware button presses, then watch Xcode automatically write those as code. Then, replay your interactions across multiple devices, languages, regions, and device orientations, both on your devices and in Xcode Cloud. Finally, review videos and results of your app running in all of those configurations and see which ones passed and which ones failed. UI automation is supported on all Apple platforms: iOS, iPadOS, macOS, watchOS, tvOS, and visionOS (Designed for iPad). The same automation can even run on multiple platforms. So it’s possible to build an automation once and run it on all your supported devices. That means you can see how your app runs on Mac, iPhone and Vision Pro with one click and no code changes. Let’s briefly go over how UI automation works. UI automation interacts with your app as a person does using gestures and hardware events. Automation runs completely independently from your app, so your app models and data are not directly accessible. UI automation tells the operating system which gestures to perform, then synchronously waits for them to complete one at a time. These actions include launching your app, interacting with buttons and navigation, setting system state like Dark Mode, and even setting a simulated location for the device if you wanted to. At Apple, accessibility is one of our core values. Apple’s assistive technologies make sure that everyone can use your app regardless of any physical, visual, audible or motor impairment. We work really hard to ensure that most of these technologies work with your app by default, with no work needed from you as a developer. That said, adding additional support can enrich your app’s experience and make it even easier to automate. The thing is, accessibility is the underlying framework that powers UI automation. Having a great accessibility experience means you get a great UI automation experience too. Accessibility provides information directly to UI automation, such as element types, labels, values and frames but what accessibility sees is not necessarily one-to-one with what you see as a person. Let’s take a look at an example. On this screen, the Great Barrier Reef button is visible in the UI but accessibility can see even more than that. Sure, accessibility can see the elements type and label and expose them to UI automation but the identifier property is also exposed. The accessibility identifier can be used to describe any element on screen uniquely, relative to all the elements around it. The identifier is not designed to be localized, so you can use it to refer to the same UI element in any language or device. For checkboxes and other stateful elements, a value property can be used. This reveals the element’s current state to both accessibility and UI automation. To learn way more about accessibility, check out “Build accessible apps with SwiftUI and UIKit” from WWDC23, or “SwiftUI Accessibility: Beyond the basics” from WWDC21. Now that we’ve explored how a UI automation works with accessibility, let’s prepare your app automation. First, we’ll add accessibility identifiers. Then we’ll do a quick review of your app’s accessibility. And finally, we’ll add a new UI testing target to get ready to record our interactions as code. Before we dive in, it's worth noting that your app already fully supports UI automation and UI recording out of the box The steps we’re about to cover are not required but they can lead to better and higher-quality results. Adding accessibility identifiers can be done in your view code written in SwiftUI, UIKit or AppKit. Accessibility identifiers are the best way to uniquely identify any element in your app for automation. It’s a good idea to add accessibility identifiers to elements with localized strings or dynamic content. That includes content found in any of your data models or content that’s downloaded from the internet. Good identifiers are unique within your entire app, descriptive enough to detail the element that they are on, and static, not reacting to changes in content. While titles and descriptions might change, good identifiers always describe the contents of the element they are attached to. That way, we can be sure my lovely landmarks stick around forever. In SwiftUI, you can add the accessibilityIdentifier modifier to any UI element. It will be recognized as long as your view and its parent views are not hidden from accessibility. It’s a good idea to make identifiers specific to an instance of a view, especially for views that are used many times in your app. In this example, we use the landmark’s id property to make the identifier unique for each one. In UIKit, the accessibilityIdentifier property can be set on any UIView as long as the view is an accessibility element. Most UI views, like controls, text and images, are accessibility elements by default so usually no work is needed to do this. Properties like accessibilityLabel, accessibilityTraits and accessibilityValue are useful to assistive technologies like VoiceOver and are also useful to UI automation. However, is not read out loud by VoiceOver and is not exposed to anyone using your app. This makes it a useful way to provide information that is only useful to automation, like the index of a table cell or the symbol name of an image. I can even have the coding assistant in Xcode add accessibility identifiers for me. For example, I can write, “Add accessibility identifiers to the relevant parts of this view”, and it will just happen. The coding assistant even knows how to use the id property on a landmark to make each identifier completely unique. Pretty cool. Reviewing your app’s overall accessibility behavior is a good idea before starting UI recording. It’s like flossing before going to the dentist. You’re going to know exactly how well you’ve been doing soon. This will just give you a good preview of it. Xcode ships with an app called Accessibility Inspector, which lets you find, diagnose and fix accessibility issues. The Inspector can be launched from the Xcode top-level menu under Open Developer Tool. It can also be launched from Spotlight. Accessibility Inspector can list the accessibility values for any view in your app on any platform. Simply select the platform you wish to inspect, then click the Element inspector and interact with the UI element you want to learn about on that platform. A list of element properties will be displayed. Some of them, like the ones in the Basic section, are really useful to UI automation. For views that are lacking information, you may want to change your app’s source code and add some. You can find out details about each property by clicking a property’s name. The popover will tell you exactly which property to set, provide documentation about it and more. You can learn even more about accessibility features with our sample code project, “Delivering an exceptional accessibility experience.” This project provides some great code examples for an app that uses many accessibility features and is really friendly to UI automation. Also, check out the article, “Performing accessibility testing for your app” to learn about ways to check your app’s accessibility using a bunch of different assistive technologies. Once we’re ready to start automating, we need to add a new UI testing target to have somewhere to put our automation code. In the project settings view in Xcode, add a new target with the “plus” button below the targets list. Then select UI Testing Bundle from the popover. Once you click Finish, a new UI test folder and template will be added to your project. The template has some simple tests to help you get started. Okay, now we’re ready to magically record all of our interactions as Swift code. Let’s use iOS Simulator and Xcode for this. A few years ago, my mom and sister went on a month-long trip to Australia without me, and I’m pretty bummed I didn’t get to go with them. Lucky for me, there's an app for that. I can use the Landmarks sample project from this year’s WWDC to plan a vacation of my own. I’ll record some interactions that plan my trip so I can ensure that workflow doesn’t break in future versions of the app. When I open the UI test source file for the first time, a popover will appear telling me how I can start a UI recording. Now, I’ll start a UI recording using the button in the sidebar, and Xcode will automatically build and relaunch my app in Simulator. Now that my app is launched, I'll go to the collections view. As I interact with the app, the code representing my interactions is recorded in the source editor. I’ll tap the Plus button to add a new collection to start planning my own trip to Australia. Now I’ll tap the Edit button to rename the trip, and I can rename the trip “Max’s Australian Adventure”. Xcode will keep my test up-to-date as I keep typing. Now I'll edit the collection of landmarks. Just add some Australian landmarks like the Great Barrier Reef and Uluru and tap the check mark. Once I go back to the collections view, I can see that my collection has been added with some Australian landmarks included. You can stop UI recording with the Stop Run button in Xcode. After you finish recording, there are a few things you might want to do to make sure you got the automation you wanted. First, review the recorded code. Then add validations using XCTest APIs to ensure your app is behaving as you expected it to. And finally, explore other automation APIs that can make your test even more powerful. Let’s review the UI queries that were recorded and see if I want to make any adjustments. Every line of recorded code will have multiple options to address each UI element, and which one you choose depends on your goals. You can click the dropdown on each line of source code to see the choices. Quick hint, choosing the right one will help you board your plane to Australia faster. We have a few recommendations to help you select from the options. For views that have localized strings, like text elements or buttons, we recommend choosing an accessibility identifier if there is one. UI recording tries to use the identifier by default if one exists. For views that are deeply nested, like text in scroll views, the shortest possible query. This will help your automation stay resilient as your app changes. Lastly, for dynamic content that is downloaded from the internet or content that changes frequently, like timestamps or the temperature, we recommend using a more generic query or an accessibility identifier if one is present. In this example, we don’t even use an identifier or any string at all, and we always just refer to the first piece of text. Okay, now it's time to make a selection. I’ll click the line of source code I want to edit to see the options. All of these queries uniquely identify the element you interacted with, so there's really no wrong choice. It’s just about choosing how you want to store a reference to this piece of UI for the future. I’ll select the textFields.firstMatch option to make sure the text field is always tapped in my test no matter what it’s called. Double click any of the dropdowns to store this result in your source code. Now let's quickly rerun my automation to see if it recorded my actions correctly. I'll click the test diamond to run it. While we might be testing your app, we aren't trying to test your patience. The automation replay runs really fast. The collection gets quickly created with the correct name, the locations get added, and the automation passes. Awesome. That was way faster than a 19-hour flight. Now we can add validations to the code to check the expected behavior. I’ll validate that the Great Barrier landmark was added to my collection. I can call methods like waitForExistence to have my automation wait for an element to appear before moving on. I can also call the more generic method, wait(for:toEqual:) to validate that any property on an XCUIElement matches the expected result. I can pair both of these methods with XCTAssert statements from XCTest to fail the test if these methods return false. Now, let me go back to my code and quickly add a waitForExistence on the name of my collection to make sure it’s always there in future runs. Now is a good time to explore other automation APIs to make your code even more powerful. It can be useful to use the setup instance method of an XCTestCase to make sure the device is in the same state in future runs. I can call APIs like orientation, appearance or even simulate a location to get my device into the correct state before a run starts. Before launching my app, I can use properties like launchArguments and launchEnvironment to have my app use those parameters when the launch method is called. If your app supports a custom URL scheme, you can open it to a matching URL directly using the XCUIApplication open method. There’s even a global version, which opens a URL using the device’s default app for it. Lastly, it’s possible to perform an accessibility audit of your app inside a UI test. There’s a great session on that called “Perform accessibility audits for your app” from WWDC23. Now that we’ve recorded our interactions and set up our automation, let’s configure the tests to replay in multiple configurations, both at-desk and in the cloud. It's really useful to add your test to a new or existing test plan. Test plans let you include or exclude individual tests, set system settings for where and how your tests run, and manage test properties like timeouts, repetitions, parallelization, execution order and more. Test plans are also associated with a scheme, which lets you pair a test plan with specific build settings. You can learn a lot more about this with the article, “Improving code assessment by organizing tests into test plans” in our developer documentation. In your test plan, you can add or remove tests on the first screen or switch to the Configurations tab to make changes to how the test will run. I can set up multiple configurations to run my app in multiple languages. Typically, each locale exists as a separate configuration in your test plan. You can have settings that are focused for a specific locale configuration or other settings that are shared across all of them. It can be helpful to include configurations for languages with longer strings, like German, or right-to-left languages, like Arabic and Hebrew. There are even UI automation-focused settings in the Configurations tab. These include whether to capture a video or screenshots during the run and whether any media will be kept afterwards. By default, videos and screenshots are only kept for failing runs, to let you review any issues. If you want to keep them for all runs, even runs that pass, select "On, and keep all". This setting would let you keep video recordings for other purposes, like documentation, tutorials or marketing. There are so many other great settings to explore in the Configurations tab. To learn more about them, check out “Author fast and reliable tests for Xcode Cloud” from WWDC22. Xcode Cloud is a service built into Xcode that’s also available in App Store Connect. It can help you build your app, run tests, upload to the App Store and so much more. All of that happens in the cloud without you using any of you or your team’s devices. I think you’ll find that when it comes to Xcode Cloud, it’s all sun and games. For the Landmarks app, we’ve configured an Xcode Cloud workflow that runs all of the UI automations I just wrote, using the test plan I just created. This plan will run the same way in the cloud as it was run on my simulator, on any number of devices and configurations like English, Arabic, Hebrew, and German on iPhone and iPad. You can view a history of your Xcode Cloud runs from within Xcode or in the Xcode Cloud section of App Store Connect. There, you can see an overview of build information, logs, failure descriptions and more. Using Xcode Cloud, my entire team can see a history of my runs and download results and video recordings from them. They can do that even if I’m literally in the clouds, and by that I mean on my flight to Sydney. There’s so much more to learn about Xcode Cloud. For more advanced configurations, check out “Create practical workflows in Xcode Cloud” from WWDC23. Now that we’ve run our recorded tests using a test plan in multiple configurations, we can review the results and the video recordings using the test report. The Xcode test report has some great tools to help you view, understand and diagnose your test results. It looks like one of our runs failed from the automation I just ran. Guess I can’t pack my bags for Australia just yet. To navigate to my failing test, I’ll click the Test button, then I’ll double click the failing run to see a video recording and a description of what just happened. I can see all of the runs in this test in the runs drop-down. This lets me quickly switch between video recordings of my test running in different configurations, like different languages. Also, fun fact, I can download the video by using a secondary click and choosing Save. I’ll press Play to start video playback. As the video plays, dots showing UI interactions are overlayed on top of the video. These actions are also represented in the timeline below as dots. Looks like there will be a bit of time before my failure, so let’s skip ahead. I’ll jump straight to the failure moment using the failure diamond on the timeline. I see a failure message, but it’s hard to say what went wrong. The message says we’re looking for a button called Max’s Australian Adventure. Let’s see what was actually present at the point of failure. At the moment of failure, I see an overlay of all of the UI elements that were present right on top of the video recording. If I click any of these, I get code recommendations for ways I can address this element in my automation code. I can even hit Show All to see alternative examples and find one that works for me. I think I see what's wrong. We were expecting a button, but there’s no button here. It's just text. Let me fix that really quick. I’ll select the sample I want and secondary click to copy it. Then, I can click View Source to go directly to my tests and paste the new line of code over my existing one. Now, I can replace the temporary XCUIApplication variable with the app variable for my UI recording, and I’m good to go. Great, now this should run as expected. Let me click the test diamond to watch the test rerun. This time, I’ll run the test in Arabic to see that the same automation works even when my app is running in a right-to-left layout. The automation quickly creates my collection and renames it just as it does in English. Looks like the automation passed. Time to finish this up and go on the trip of a lifetime. Maybe my mom and sister can come along to show me around. we can do with the Xcode test report. Luckily, the session “Fix failures faster with Xcode test reports” from WWDC23 really goes in depth and covers it all. It’s amazing how UI automation, accessibility, localization, Xcode Cloud and the test report all work together to increase the quality of your app and make it easier to use for everyone around the world. Bringing these technologies together into a single flow has been such a joy, and I can’t wait to see how it’s used by developers. You can learn more about unit testing and Swift testing in the talk “Meet Swift Testing” from WWDC24. If you have additional questions or feedback, you can find us in the Developer Forums. Thanks for following along, and I’ll see you in Australia.

- M1 vs M4 vs M5 MacBook Pro – Browser & Xcode Speed Test! 🚀: Kind: captions Language: en I'm dragging the folder into terminal and typing shbenchmark.sh [music] and the score comes in at about 60 and also with the M42.8. >> Hi friends, welcome to P. >> Apple just dropped the M5 MacBook Pro. Today we're testing browser speed and Xcode build time, the two things real users actually feel every day. All right, let's start with the browser test. Let me compare it with my existing M1 Pro MacBook Pro and also with the M4 Pro and M5 MacBook Pro to see how much faster the browser performance actually is. I'm running speedometer 3.1 now. Here you can see it starts working. I'm fast forwarding this a bit to save time. On my M1 Pro MacBook Pro, the score is 33.5. Now, let me run it on the M4 MacBook Pro. Again, I'm making it a bit faster. And the score comes around 52.8. And finally, let me check on the M5 MacBook Pro. [music] I'm fast forwarding again and the score comes in at about 61.75, which is significantly faster. That means M4 is roughly 57% faster than the M1 Pro. M5 is about [music] 85% faster. Pretty wild for browser performance. Now, let's see how this translates to real life on my M1 Pro. I'll open 100 Chrome tabs. And as you can see, it still runs smoothly. Uses only around 12 GB of RAM. And honestly, there's no lag at all. So, in everyday browser performance, the M1 Pro is still a beast. For the developers out there, let me run the Xcode benchmark test. I'm opening terminal using the benchmark folder I downloaded from the Xcode benchmark GitHub page. And yeah, I'll leave the link in the comments. Now, I'm dragging the folder into terminal and typing shbenchmark.sh. All right, let's see how fast it compiles on my M1 Pro MacBook Pro. And there you go. It takes 188 seconds to finish. Now, let's compare that with the M4 Pro and the M5 MacBook Pro. The M4 Pro does the same test in just 121 seconds. And the M5 finishes in 145 seconds. So that means M4 Pro is about 36% faster. M5 is around 23% faster compared to my M1 Pro. So yeah, in real world development workflows, the M5 improvement isn't that dramatic. If you're already using an M1 Pro just like me, you can still comfortably use it for Xcode development. And if you want a budget upgrade, you can also look at the M4 MacBook Air, which is way cheaper, only $999. And honestly, it can handle almost everything the M5 does for everyday users. So, if you don't need extreme performance, this might actually be the smartest upgrade. All right, guys. That's the wrap for the M1 versus M4 versus M5 MacBook Pro showdown. What do you think? Is the upgrade worth it? Let me know in the comments. And hey, if you enjoyed this video, smash that like button and hit subscribe. Thanks for watching and I'll see you in the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @arozendojr [1 likes]: Did you realize that bandwidth and CPU nanometers influence performance?

Try this test: ask the AI ​​to list the data in a table and see the relationship:

Chip Nanometer (nm) Number of CPUs (Cores) RAM Memory Bandwidth (GB/s) Best Compilation Time (s)
M1 5nm 8 (4 perf. + 4 ef.) 68.25 180 - 258
M1 Pro 5nm 8 or 10 200 122 - 184
M1 Max 5nm 10 400 134 - 152
M1 Ultra 5nm 20 800 73 - 109
M2 5nm (N5P) 8 (4 perf. + 4 ef.) 100 158 - 202
M2 Pro 5nm (N5P) 10 or 12 200 111 - 147
M2 Max 5nm (N5P) 12 400 110 - 127
M2 Ultra 5nm (N5P) 24 800 63 - 87
M3 3nm 8 (4 perf. + 4 ef.) 100 140 - 184
M3 Pro 3nm 11 or 12 150 104 - 148
M3 Max 3nm 14 or 16 300 - 400 67 - 100
M3 Ultra 3nm 24 or 32 800 66 - 69
M4 3nm (2nd gen) 10 (4 perf. + 6 ef.) 120 141
M4 Pro 3nm (2nd gen) 12 or 14 273 92 - 109
M4 Max 3nm (2nd gen) 14 or 16 410 - 546 77 - 92
M5 3nm (3rd gen)* N/A (Under development) N/A N/A
  2. @parbhaniprogrammer1773 [1 likes]: how about react native performance on m5 16gb 1tb? is it good choice for mobile app development ?
  3. @pridevtech: Please subscribe now — Road to 1K this week 🚀
  4. @pridevtech: New video: Stop iPhone tracking — turn this off now.
👉 https://youtu.be/F148a6BouAY
  5. @soyundiosgeneroso: Nice video!
  6. @pridevtech: 🔥 MacBook Deals!
💻 M5 Pro → https://amzn.to/4pcbkrK
💻 M4 Pro → https://amzn.to/4gROLpm
💻 M4 Air → https://amzn.to/4qcLJ3x

- Xcode optimizations a WASTE of TIME?: Kind: captions Language: en hey everybody welcome back alex here some people have mentioned in the comments that there's a way to speed up my xcode builds so today i want to try this out but first we need to measure how long things take normally i'm going to use this project called xcode benchmark this is a project on github available for you to check out if you want to try this yourself this is a project that includes 42 popular cocoapod libraries and 70 plus dependencies in total you can even go to the repo and find out what speeds are people getting this ryzen touch that's pretty good 71 seconds now the times that i did get just for the build getting it directly from the repository and doing the build without any changes to xcode and this is xcode 13.3.1 by the way here are my results i've got 68 seconds right now i ran this three times by the way i got 77 73 and 68. okay so that's the range that we're working with and that's what we're trying to beat you know what i'm going to run this one more time just so that we can check out the cpu history while it's running it doesn't take that long so while that's running let's have a glance at the activity monitor pop open the cpu history there and this is running on the m1 ultra mac studio so it has 20 cores as you can see right there and you can see that well it seems to be using a lot of the course i mean it seems to be using all the cores from this graphic so i don't know how much more performance we can squeeze out of this but we'll check now while that's running i just want to show you some of the comments that folks left here we go john google says did you try to enable the apple blah blah blah this integration flag what the heck is that well if you go to the x code 13.3 release notes under the build system features this is a new feature where you can enable this setting enable swift build system integration and supposedly this will better utilize the available cores not just utilize them because clearly it's already utilizing them but better utilize them it also mentions swift and this project might be using swift or it might be using objective c libraries let's see if i can just do a quick search so there is a swift component to it so the whole thing is not swift but there is a swift component so we should see some improvements if we run this let's check it out all right it's done now let's have a look at the time and this one took 69 seconds so we're in the same range by the way robert here adds while this build and succeeds and runs fine in the simulator but there seems to be an issue with building and running on a real device i haven't tried that yet i'm just doing the build to see if the build is faster and he also suggested taking a look at this github repo xcode defaults by ct refs titled awesome and useful xcode defaults thanks for that i did check it out and here it is basically this is a documentation by this person ct refs who is that let's see christian traffs okay so he documented all these settings for xcode how you can make things better more performant and just different things you can try of course not all these will apply to everybody's builds but some of them might oh before you go and change any of your settings back up xcode defaults i already ran this and i saved my xcode defaults to the desktop right here and you can take a look at the file it's a p-list file so you can open up in a text editor that's what mine looks like right now so i want to start with this one because this sets the maximum number of concurrent compile tasks now it's setting it to 20. this little command right here is going to get the number of processors i have so if we run that command you'll see that it's 20. so that setting the compile task setting should set it to 20. so let's copy that i'm going to paste it here copying and pasting and running code from the internet always a smart thing to do don't do this at home kids he looks like a nice guy right this guy we can trust him look he's got a face you can trust maybe i don't know he works for companies all right we'll believe him so i did that now there should be a new setting in my new xcode defaults file let's save that to my desktop and i want to open this up and have a look at it in vs code and there it is okay so there's a new setting right there in that file id build operation number of concurrent compile tasks equals 20. okay so i did that let's run the build again the benchmark and see if that makes a difference now we're probably not going to see anything visually in history because well anything different i should say because you already had 20 processors that was using 20 cores from the previous build from the default build so i don't know how this is going to look any different but perhaps the time we'll get might be different i don't know okay it's done let's have a look we're at 70 seconds so it doesn't look like it did much but to ensure that this setting is even working why don't we try setting this to uh something less we're gonna try to limit the number of cores we're using to eight let's see if that even does anything i'm gonna run the benchmark one more time now looking at it from a purely visual standpoint we are seeing less on processors 13 14 by the way i say processors not cores all right sue me sometimes i say threads sometimes i say coarse okay you can complain down in the comments and some of you do all right so cores look at this the cores uh 13 through 16 are getting less usage this time around so maybe this is actually a thing that works but i didn't see any difference in setting it to 20 so maybe 20 is now the default maybe it just uses all of them by default anyway i hope this doesn't take forever because i gotta go have lunch it's done let's have a look okay 96 seconds so there is a big difference there so that setting does do something it just doesn't help me in this case i'm going to set this back to 20. there is something else i want to try and that's this right here so that first setting i tried had nothing to do with swift that was just a general number of chorus for compilation but this one enables the new build system mode in xcode 13 3 and higher so let's see if this improves my builds all right i'm going to set this up and let's run that let's save that off as a new defaults file i just want to have a quick glance at it now i don't see it in there enable swift build system integration i did write it to defaults okay well i'm gonna run the benchmark anyway and let's see what happens okay now let's have a look at this here is the history in graphical mode and it's looking like all the cores are being used this graphical mode is not giving me much information here in this case but the build is done let's have a look 70 seconds so in this case it didn't really help me out much if it's even on i'm gonna run that command one more time because that was very unsatisfying i'm gonna run that if i wrote to that file this new setting shouldn't that be in the file now i'm gonna save this as xcode defaults4 list on the desktop right there let's have a look at it no it's not in the file so i don't know if this is having any effect or not because i don't see that being written to the file so if anybody knows about this or where that setting goes let me know in the comments and i'm sure everybody else would appreciate it too thank you there's another setting here in this repository that suggests set maximum number of parallel build subtasks let's try it i'm not uh i don't know what that is but we're gonna try it anyway okay let's write this out to plist five let's have a look at it and i want to find this setting in here there it is pbx number of parallel build subtasks equals 20. let's try this out see if this improves our build speed okay this is done now let's have a look we're still hovering around 70 seconds folks very anticlimactic over here i think i know why i'm not seeing that setting i thought this was right into the same file but actually this is different this file or these list of settings is not the same as this list of settings look at that this one is xcode and this one is xc build come on you were watching me the whole time you could have said something so instead of reading this file or these settings i should have been reading xc build defaults and that's coming from xc build all right there it is let's have a look at this one and this one only has one setting in it and that's the global flag enable swift build system integration so that is in there but it had no effect on this project and that could probably be due to the fact that this project might not have that much swift in it although when i take a look at maxi rimenko's blog post about the benchmark that he wrote he says performance on a large swift project so i guess this is a large swift project i haven't actually looked inside the code or dug into it so i'm not 100 certain what's in there i've always kind of just ran it and benchmarked it and measured but maybe it's time to dig in so looking at the packages and the pods that he is including here he's got all these libraries in there and there are a few of them that end in swift so those are probably the swift libraries here's another one but there are also a lot of objective c libraries here as well if anybody has a benchmark with just swift stuff i'd love to try it out here or if you want to just post a comment linking to that that'd be great well if we learned anything today is that this xcode defaults repository exists with some hopefully useful tips for people to check out but there are also some interesting tools down here at the bottom that he lists and i haven't checked these out myself if you want me to go into it let me know in the comments down below thanks a lot for watching folks and i'll see you next time you

  Top Comments:
  1. @bandito241 [7 likes]: Somebody excited about the new sound effect they bought 😂
  2. @hadimoazen7884 [7 likes]: Could you increase the frequency of activity monitor to every second instead of every five seconds? It's a little difficult to follow when 5 seconds is smushed into a single bar
  3. @steveo6023 [3 likes]: 5:00 why not set it to 40? It’s common to set this to a higher value when compiling stuff in Linux as each thread is not always using 100%
  4. @espressomakerdeluxe [2 likes]: Nice. 

If anyone has any tips for how to speed up MacBook Pro delivery times I'd love to hear them haha 😔
  5. @jur9103 [2 likes]: @Alex Ziskind, try 'normal' build with Xcode. You open the project in xcode, you select same scheme as .sh script, you clean it, you build it. I bet you get much better result than 69seconds. On M1 Max it takes 67seconds. On ultra it must be better, right?
  6. @topticktom [2 likes]: Scratches MacBooks and calls cores a processors …. Your slowly gaining meme status 🙈
  7. @Br0adCastYourS3lf [1 likes]: Did you quit then restart Xcode after making the default change(s) for them to take effect?
Also, @BenchR tweets on [a certain blue bird website]: "..... The expectation is that the optimization effect should be higher the less parallel the build graph is and the more parallelism the CPU allows.".
My previous comment was removed because I added a line with the Name of a certain blue bird website in full (not a link, just the name).
  8. @caseyleedom6771 [1 likes]: @Alex, you actually might want to set your number of Concurrent Task to a value GREATER THAN the number of Cores.  If any of those tasks stalls waiting for I/O, etc. then the CPUs (Cores) will be underutilized.  I often will go for twice as many GNU Make threads as Cores ...
  9. @jayeshghatkar604 [1 likes]: can you in some video tell why you stick to White mode ? I just today watched a video how dark mode can be harmful. Wanted to know your thoughts too. ; )
  10. @arnesJ: Good
  11. @GameDevForLife: good video Hope for 3D content like houdini
  12. @madthijsgames: Since that setting goes into a different file (xcode) , could it be it only applies to builds initiated from within Xcode instead of via Terminal (xcbuild)?
  13. @synen: I just wanted to share that Im coding high end projects using Xcode a regular M1 and 16MB just fine, zero issues.
  14. @schneidero: He looks like a nice guy 🤣

- Build and Run app from Xcode onto Actual Device in Xcode 12.15.1: Kind: captions Language: en okay let's say you're working in xcode and you want to build and run your app on an actual device here's the video for you now a lot of things can go wrong when you want to build and run your apps but let me just take you through the broad scopes the general gist of this i'm going to go ahead and first things first let's open up xcode here and here i've got an xcode project if you don't have xcode you can download it from the app store and i'm going to go in here to preferences up here to preferences and you see i already have it selected but if you don't have accounts selected up here select the tab that says accounts and then you're going to have to add your apple id account so log into your apple id there if you don't have an apple id there's lots of videos on how to get one it's free and you will be able to provision a certain number of devices for with a free account of course with a developer account you can provision a lot more devices when i mean when i say provision is apple wants to know where their apps are who made the apps before you put them on a device so apple needs to sign off on the devices that get connected to it okay and you can see up here um already i've already had it set up so you can see here's my iphone connected to it and normally you click up there and you'd usually be using a simulator down here when you have it all set up correctly then you can use you can select your own device and then when you click build and run then it runs your app on your actual device so you can test it on a device a couple steps to get to that point so the first step is like i said logging in here the second step is probably going over here to your xcode project this top file here has got some information about your app select the tab here that says signing in capabilities and make sure that your personal team is selected or your distribution team is selected select something there basically and down here it should say provisioning profile and it should have signing certificate if this isn't working then you might need to click repair or something that effect and if that doesn't fix it then you probably need to go to your developer back end so go to developer.apple.com and check out your signing certificates and provisioning profiles sometimes you need to like check some user agreements over there at the website okay and the website again is developer.apple.com so make sure this is selected and there's nothing red here that's the next place to check then of course you want to connect your phone with a usb a physical connection a usb cable to your device now i learned the hard way it has to go directly through all apple approved dongles or usb adapters so when you plug your device into your apple if it doesn't have just a regular straight usb on your laptop or your computer then you're using an adapter you can't use like a knockoff brand adapter it's got to be an official apple adapter that passes usb through you can't use usb hub sometimes i mean maybe you can but i couldn't i had to bypass my usb hub and go straight in using an apple adapter so what happened is if you don't do that then your device won't show up here when you go to select the device here the next thing that will happen is when you plug your device in it may ask you if it can trust this laptop and you want to click yes trust the laptop the step after that i found is sometimes you have to go into device management on your iphone also so you go to let me see if i can pull this up on the screen here oops all right so i've got my phone here for you to see and what i'm going to do is i'm going to pull down and go to settings so opening up the settings here just your general settings then you want to find general then you want to find general here click on general tab and then down towards the bottom there is one thing that says device management you see it there and you click on device management and click on this and it will ask you it might ask you here if you trust this apple developer account click the trust apple developer account and then you should be off to the races so at this point the last thing you pretty much need to do is make sure your device is unlocked if it doesn't show up there then unplug it maybe see it went away there and i'm going to plug it back into my usb you might have to restart xcode even and now in the drop down menu here you can see here's your phone select it and then when you go to build and run then voila now there's a couple other caveats of there always are to build applications from xcode onto your device you have to make sure that your version of ios that you have on your device is compatible with the version of ios that it's trying to push out here using xcode so what happens a lot of times is maybe your phone updated overnight it's the latest greatest version of ios and you're using a slightly older version of xcode then you gotta download the 14 gigabyte or whatever version of xcode install the new version and so that they can both talk to each other so hopefully this was helpful and there's a lot of things that get in the way of building apps on an actual device but it is so gratifying to see them on there one other thing is once you build them on the device if you hit stop now the um the app will show up on your device as a little icon there and you can keep accessing it so you don't have to build and run it every single time once you push the app onto your phone it stays on there until you delete it so that's all i got if you run across issues building and running apps on your device post a comment below and we'll see if we can help you out there but that is a picky thing and even i found myself googling some issues i had when connecting mine specifically it was not going through uh apple sanctioned dongle like i had to use the actual apple cable to build and run

  Top Comments:
  1. @james.a [19 likes]: To turn on Developer Mode on iOS 16.5 it's different. You have to open Settings > Privacy & Security and scroll to the bottom. There you will see the option for turning on Developer Mode.
  2. @katlis [3 likes]: Thanks Dave, the note about using an authentic Apple USB cable got me up and running (I tried 4 other off-brand USB-C cables with no luck).
  3. @gpinto52 [2 likes]: any advice with this error?
Command CodeSign failed with a nonzero exit code
Nothing online has fixed this
  4. @marcobtech [1 likes]: Thank you for the info!
  5. @Sem-Dev1 [1 likes]: Do you need a paid developer account for this to work?
  6. @tongnamtuanvu [1 likes]: thank u so much, keep going
  7. @AdamMarkocki: thx!
  8. @rashmidewangan8627: Helpful. Thanks.
  9. @jordanhenshaw: "I already have it set up"
  10. @mikesmith1290: The mic is way too close to your mouth. The clickey mouth noises is enough for me to stop the video. I hope the rest of your videos don’t sound like that
  11. @imandabbaghchian3079: Great video, thanks!
  12. @kaushiknayab5465: is this work for react-native project applications?
  13. @rayankumarrathi3042: Can I see the adapter please
  14. @YanaLukomskaya: Perfect video!
  15. @ardapasa0: Thx buddy it was helpful
  16. @kanyabhatt5832: Hey, I am building an app on my phone but the issue is that whenever I disconnect the my phone from the laptop the app goes away, I can’t see it functioning anymore. What’s can be the issue?
  17. @masaadalahmad2633: Hi brother 
I try to use the app after stopping connecting to Xcode and removing the iPhone wire actually is not working can you. Help me in this case
  18. @zeropain9319: Nice, your video helped in the first 20 seconds, because I couldn't figure out how to change the target to my iPhone, thanks!
  19. @salexkorsan8790: Brother i have a Customer, 
He want a private app, 
He don’t want to publish on app store,

I build app in Xcode,  
He want to use with his company employee, 

Now how do i send app??
Without enabling Devloper option in persons iphone???
  20. @javi___: Thanks a lot!

- Parallelize test run on XCUITests for iOS UI tests: Kind: captions Language: en so welcome everyone to this talk it's called automated that's with ex ey test framework my name is Ibrahim I'm a senior automation engineer at dashlane I have six years of automation experience in automation yes I'm working now for two user - Lane what is - Lane so in towards the actually is a password manager that it's basically assessment manager that allows you to handle or like to manage your identity and your payments in a very simple way online and everywhere and when I say everywhere all the platforms and one part platform and particularly I will be talking a lot about today Apple so whether you like apple or not well we have to work with it so today I'm gonna be showing you how to automate your tests on the Apple devices using technology from Apple so we're gonna use apple to test apple so I will show you the tools that Apple gave us to test the application on on Apple just before before that I would like to show you the application that we're going to test together today so with an absent application that I built myself I'm very proud of it so you should be impressed so this is my emulator and this is my application so it's a very complicated application so you need to be concentrated to understand the application I'm kidding actually so it's a three text fields and four buttons if you click here on add one to blue it will add one if you click on add three we'll add three and if you click on add five it will add five you exactly and the reset check check Wow so this is the application that we were going to be testing today now I can get back to my slides so the agenda today up can I show you so what are the tools that we're gonna use how to write a test case how to paralyze the runs and how to integrate the tests how to run them and how to create them and the CI which has continuous integration if someone don't know what you see I Orton CI is the first tool I'm gonna be talking about is XC UI tests so for those who don't know what XC XC is Xcode so this is the logo of Xcode Xcode the IDE that is made by apple of course in which the developers write their code of their application it so the developers can write our code with using Objective C and Swift and in this framework we're gonna write our tests actually so we're gonna write our UI test inside this framework and actually it will allow the user to click on a button to do type inside a text field to swipe up swap down so do everything you can in inside an application the second tool actually it's a programming language so this programming language is called Swift Swift actually it's made by Apple as well and 2014 so it's very recent as you can tell it's modern so and it's very easy to learn very easy and we're gonna use this language to write our UI tests actually do I have two ways actually so let's say you have you already your application the code of your application and inside of Xcode it's already there and you didn't have tests before but now you want to add tests so how can you add tests to your project actually I made screenshot but I will I want to show you that like live its its way it's always better so this is a project that I have I want to add test so I go here new target I want to add a new target and here I have to scroll and choose UI testing bundle and it will tell other the tests to my file and then the second thing I want to show you is oops I don't have okay if you want to create a new project from zero so you don't have an application yet to test you want to add it from zero so you go here new sorry project so it's a thing single view up let's give it a name as QA no no and the important thing here is to do is this include UI tests when you check this it's you're telling Xcode that I want to add tests inside this project and these two things we did right now so add to a existing project and create a new project actually they would do the same thing so this is an create a new project as I told you the important thing here is include UI tests so these two things actually will do the same thing don't create oops every creator file sorry they would create a file it's called so the name they gave to your application name of the app UI tests dot Swift this file it will all it will come with a code a template of a code of how to write a test so Apple gave us this it will tell like apple told you okay this is how you write the test just copy what I did and it contains something very important two methods one is set up when it's teardown so we all know what to setup and teardown so a setup and teardown is to allow you to to to have a clean application a clean phone sorry after each test so it install the application children in deletes application so to start clean and this file will contain your tests and like group by classes so every class will be a tests warning very important warning if you want your test to be considered by Xcode as a test it has to start by the word test and if he doesn't start by the word that Xcode won't understand it's a test and at one you won't be able to run it so as I told you there's two ways of writing a test case first way is writing code of course and the second one recording recording a test so recording your actions I'm gonna start by the first one which is writing code before I start I just want you to I want to show you the important thing if you want to write the automated test is how to launch the application so this could also Apple gives us this code so here it's very simple so we're saying okay let's define app as the application we're testing so whenever I want to do something with the application I just have to say dot do the application like here we're doing ab dot launch so launch the application and as I thought you don't have to memorize this code because Apple gives gives us this code inside the fact that I showed you before and also apples gives us a class called XC UI element and this element you have all the actions you need tap DoubleTap two fingers press Y apply swipe right swipe left up down pinch rotate everything you need is already there in this class now that we have know how to launch the application and we have all the the class that with all the actions we need let's see for example how to tap on the button easy so I'm telling the application app you have a button that has a label click here please tap on it it will tap on the button as easy as this how to type inside a text field same well here I'm defining the text field so app you have a text field that has first name in the label please tap on it and then type text inside the text field type John for example the name Tiger the first name is John type it it will type X how to us that an element exists so there is a method called exit II assert assert what that app that static test this that exists and this is the boolean so to return true or false if it doesn't exist now that we have everything we need we can write a test case we can create our first test case let's do it so the application I showed you so my my famous application I'm gonna show it again so we have three buttons we have three text fields let's write test case and so I'm just gonna take this [Music] so let's call the test check blue blue so I'm gonna check the blue pattern actually so here I'm gonna click on the blue button so the first thing you might tell me will be like let's we need to launch the application actually what I did is I put it here so it can be public and be used by all the tests so what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna say app you have something which is buttons and the button is add one to blue what do I need to do the button tap now to click on the button so if I click here I need to check that this text field is one so assert egg city assert I love it here I didn't either type up exact same thing which is gonna be one that exists as simple as this this is a test so I can take this copy it here here so this is one and if you click again you have to check that it is two so this is how to write code it's very easy you don't need to write to know code to write a test and if you really don't like code like really really don't like code you can record that the the test this is what I'm gonna do show you right now it's even better so I'm just gonna kill the application here if something is wrong with my okay I'm gonna show you the slide actually it's better so we created the first case actually I created a video in case something doesn't work so this is what I actually did so I created so now I'm going to show you the recording how the recording works it's very easy just have to create a function empty function here and you can see here there's a rub button if you click on the red button and you do actions you see to write code for you the same thing I wrote it's the same thing you just and it will actually refactor it as well so two ways of writing recording and writing code but I mean this the recording actually it will not assert for you so you will need to have you need to have mean to write some code like you need to write the assert for you because it will not assert so I cannot say you can use the one one method and not the other recording or writing but having to will simplify your life it's very important to have the the two methods now how to run the test cases it's very easy there's a button here a play button which is run just have to click on the button actually and here you can see so at launch the application so because it's very fast I put break point actually I'm just gonna show it to you step by step so it clicked first time click second time and the test is done it's green let's succeed it now I'm gonna show you how the test is failed I'm gonna change this to two one so this stays this test will fail so if you click on run you can see it's very fast the test will fail it will be red and actually Xcode generate report for every test if it passed or failed and you can see the report here you can click here and it will show you a screenshot actually of your test the faith test you can see it's a two here will tell you we're expecting one so it's failing so this is the for the reporting part so I'll showed you how to run tests so let's say I don't know you have fifty test case one hundred one thousand if you were gonna run them one by one like this it actually it may take some time and we don't have time actually so the thing I'm going to show you now is parallel testing parallel testing is as the name says it's how to run tests at the same time but on different devices to paralyse actually and Xcode allows you to do this actually it's very easy so you just have to click on the target here go to test options and execute in parallel on some rate early it's a gif actually to repeat itself so click here edit scheme test and options and execute in parallel we have also randomized so it will run the test in random order it's not actually the subject of the talk but if this is this is the the important thing is to execute test in parallel so now we're ready actually so we can paralyze the test you know I mean I'm saying no we cannot paralyze the test actually there are some considerations the test has to be independent so they cannot be dependent like one each other like one can delete the data and one adds the data so it will be a completeness realizing test is not suitable for performance tested that's and you have to check that you have enough resources on your machine like RAM or processors or these kind of things because it consumes a lot now I'm gonna show you how to run them and how it happens actually so here you can see it's the same test I just copy pasted it actually so test blue one two three so it's the same test I just copy paste that I created one also for green throws the green button I created one also for red so red red one red to red three so now in total I have 12 this case let's see how we can automate so I checked the paralyzed thing now I'm gonna run the tests now you can see click on test and now to launch three emulators and it will run the tests on the three emulators so in parallel so you can see so that's running on the three amazing so now I showed you how to run the parallel like the test from Xcode so by clicking on the button let's say we have these tests and we want to integrate them into a CI into continuous integration means like I want to run these tests on a server machine in different machine so I don't I want about to run my tests I don't want to do it manually so you can run them with a command line actually and this is the command line so here I'm calling Xcode I'm saying I'm telling him I want to run my test I'm giving me the name of the project and the scheme here the I'm telling him on which device I want to run it so on an iPhone 11 Pro yes I want the parallel testing and I want on three devices and if you run this command line actually it's gonna do the same thing don't worry I'm not gonna make you watch the video again so here it launched the first simulator I'm gonna fast-forward it a bit so you have three emulators and here the testing is done and it's generated something it told you like oh you have the result file here if you open this result file it will open inside Xcode and you can see the results here so it's actually it's a file that can be opened so it's an X DX CT result file that can be opened inside Xcode only but if you you have a lot of other tools that can that can change this file into an XML file or a html5 for your for your tools for your CI tools and then you can import them into get lab or JIRA or whatever to have the the results of your of your tests how much time did we gain because we run them if we run them on I I did it myself so I ran all the tests the 12 tests on one device it took 58 seconds on three devices 28 seconds so actually it's the time we gained is 48 % mind-blown it's just yeah so these are like I have like really small tests very small applications so the difference is not like a huge bet when you when you have like more than three devices you have I don't know 5 devices and that that's complicated because the installation of my application actually it's very quick it's very small the application and then my tests are very small so if we have if we scale it to a bigger project you will gain more more and more time than that you have if you want to like if you like this this framework and everything so as you can see it's very like what I showed was very basic very easy but the more thing you want to explore there are more complicated things which like test plans so test plans is to run the same tests but with different configuration a different language different currency different time zone whatever you want to change with their configuration of your tests so you can use test plan for that here's something very important is called XC coverage so something I didn't say at the beginning but the tests your test is going to be will be in the same project at the code of the developers so the code of the application they would be all in the same project so when you run your test it couldn't know how much line of code executed so you can know the X coverage the XC coverage so this will be inside something called the XC result file so you can have it using the XC result or so yeah it's if you can if you want to develop or the usage of this tool and of course the visual regression testing with so what we just have seen before and the talk that before so Xcode supports a lot of other tools that do the visual regression testing yeah my talk is actually done so if you if you have any questions actually you can join me on the on my Twitter account if you have any question to ask me and to thank you for being great audience I'm offering you a six month premium of darkling so the application I'll show - it's a password manager so sqa 19 you can use it on the website - I'm calm and if you have any questions I would be happy to answer them hi thank you for lecture I have a couple of questions first question is can we run tests on a real device or we can use on simulators of course you can use real devices of course but since we're talking about paralyzation here I would just wanted to mean to show you unlike I will not bring three devices of course but yeah you can do it so it's actually in this slide here yeah here in the command line actually instead of giving this iOS simulator you can just give the name of the device that is plugged to you into your machine actually ok great also I want to ask about tests as we saw we used text fields and we checked just text field and some value that we want to find is it possible that for example our application doesn't work well and if we see it's on your location this simple one we have number three for example in in a red yes in a red one but we expect three in a blue one but there we have two so yeah this is a very good question so I built this application but I didn't put an ID because I'm not developer in case of idea actually you just have to give the the idea of the blue the blue text field actually it's very easy I can show you to you like really quick here so here you can tell that I don't have any IDs here because I'm not a developer but there's something called accessibility inspector so here just click here like on the field so you can see named nail I don't have any IDs okay but you can grab it from here ID and just instead of giving the text field just say the idea of this text field equal this okay thank you ah hi thanks for the talk can you please tell can we use xqi test for automation web mobile applications I'm sorry use for use these tools for automation of web mobile applications web mobile applications good questions yes and no actually because so let's say your application launches a web page you will you can use it but it's not so you can let's say you're automating a test that you click on a button and it opens a browser you will lose the focus on the application so you will not be testing the application anymore so it will to lose the application but if you want to use it only for testing you can use the flakiness leakiness is everywhere actually percentage of flakiness actually it's not that height compared to other tools used because so let's say now recently we have the app date from iOS 13 is 12 12 13 and so there are were new modifications actually the thing with using apples from tools from Apple actually you have these updates with with it so if you are using I don't know some other tool for automation it might not be a beta to have a lot of flakiness but if you're using tools from Apple it will already have the update so you'll have less flakiness but in terms of percentage I would say it's very low actually like maybe between 5 and 10% of to your whole test framework actually so it's not that high Thanks second question who is responsible for changing the framework when the UI changes so developer changes the UI doesn't have to change the model in test framework or it's on your shoulders so my shoulders unfortunately because whenever there's a new release you know you don't have access to any iOS developer they will all like working on the iOS 13 release we have to release before that code the other companies Nana so unfortunately you will have to do it yourself that of course they will help you because they will know more about the changes they will share I mean you have meetings with them how to fix this and this and this sometimes like like recently Apple forced to use some fields like IDs that weren't used before so the iOS developer will tell us up this will fail because this change you have to update it and as you as you as you can see it's very easy to do the changes there is it's not so complicated for for a QA so we can do it and of course with their help okay it depends on the load so if you don't have you have more capacity so that's fine as soon as you use the same language at least of course you can you can you can do the clean you can totally ask them like okay the tests are not working and I don't know how to fix them please please help me with it because you are iOS developer I yeah I don't know if you're handling the test cases but you don't handle the model representation that the model solve the might be enough buttons might be enough text fields but they have this actually it's the same application they will have it they wrote it so they will know it better than you better than us actually okay thanks you're welcome so there are no many questions thank you very much [Applause]

- Appium_iOS : Parallel iOS app execution on simulator or real iOS device: Kind: captions Language: en hi guys this is Raj from APM progeria YouTube channel you can hear watch and a parallel addition of multiple layers devices in a same instance so now I will show you how this will work now that I will show you simultaneously you can see 3 simulator will be initiated and will execute first installed application on that simultaneously that is cute you know you can see and it's a little bit plus West was honest 11 pantry it is application is lost and here you can see and Here I am using a touched on the suit we are replenishing another simulator which is a form 8 + which has 11.4 version in their subjugation and all of these interesting takes on a lamb using three hour class and three different Frank OS devices I will show you what contributes and what thinks is required to launch the application seven is given three devices you can provide multiple salsa so now you can see on iphone acts of the divinity installed

- Xcode 15 Tutorial for Beginners (2024): Kind: captions Language: en hello so this xcode tutorial is going to be a&nbsp; little different than the ones you've seen before&nbsp;&nbsp; because I'm going to show you how to use xcode in&nbsp; the context of IOS app development and that means&nbsp;&nbsp; that every xcode function and feature that I show&nbsp; you you'll know why it's important and how we use&nbsp;&nbsp; it for app development all right let's Dive Right&nbsp; In so first of all let's talk about where to get&nbsp;&nbsp; xcode and by far the easiest way is just to open&nbsp; up the Mac App Store on your Mac and search for&nbsp;&nbsp; xcode should be the first listing here click into&nbsp; it and yours will say install whereas mine says&nbsp;&nbsp; open because I've got it installed and in terms of&nbsp; getting this installed their requirements if you&nbsp;&nbsp; don't have the right Mac OS version it'll tell you&nbsp; up here and then it's just a matter of updating&nbsp;&nbsp; your OS in order to install xcode the other thing&nbsp; is size requirements so downloading this requires&nbsp;&nbsp; 3.4 gigs but in my experience it's going to take&nbsp; up a lot more hard drive space once you've got&nbsp;&nbsp; it installed so I would even buy for double this&nbsp; because there are additional components you need&nbsp;&nbsp; to download depending on which platforms you want&nbsp; to build for as you can see you can use xcode to&nbsp;&nbsp; build for iOS iPad TV OS watch Vision OS even Mac&nbsp; computers so this is official Apple software and&nbsp;&nbsp; this is the only tool recommended by Apple for us&nbsp; to build apps for all of the platforms that's why&nbsp;&nbsp; it is number one on the chart for developer tools&nbsp; it has terrible ratings I will admit because X&nbsp;&nbsp; code can sometimes be buggy as evidenced by these&nbsp; reviews but you can mitigate that a little bit by&nbsp;&nbsp; not using the beta versions of xcode so if you&nbsp; happen to have a developer friend or access to&nbsp;&nbsp; the developer portal where you can get access to&nbsp; um an early release of xcode 16 let's say because&nbsp;&nbsp; this is xcode 15 uh I would not use the beta um&nbsp; simply because it's going to be even more buggy&nbsp;&nbsp; there's less support for it some of the tutorials&nbsp; and videos that you find online to learn xcode&nbsp;&nbsp; with will not be covering the betas and so on&nbsp; so forth so this is by far my recommended way to&nbsp;&nbsp; get xcode all right so go ahead and download and&nbsp; install xcode and then let's see how we can start&nbsp;&nbsp; a brand new app project so hopefully you got xcode&nbsp; installed without a hitch it does ask you for your&nbsp;&nbsp; computer administrative password at a couple&nbsp; of points during the installation to install&nbsp;&nbsp; additional components go ahead and allow xcode&nbsp; to do that if you want it to function properly&nbsp;&nbsp; okay so what we're talking about here is xcode uh&nbsp; version 15.2 but to be honest with you the xcode&nbsp;&nbsp; interface and how it works doesn't really change&nbsp; that much from version to version so if you're out&nbsp;&nbsp; there looking for tutorials and documentation and&nbsp; videos and you find a video for xcode 14 or xcode&nbsp;&nbsp; 13 chances are you'll still be able to follow&nbsp; along with the newer versions of xcode anyways&nbsp;&nbsp; so what we're going to do here today is we're&nbsp; going to create a brand new IOS app project&nbsp;&nbsp; and I'm going to show you all of the different&nbsp; features and how to use xcode through the context&nbsp;&nbsp; of building an app and I think that would actually&nbsp; help you understand better about why we do certain&nbsp;&nbsp; things rather than just running through all of&nbsp; the features and functions um and then I don't&nbsp;&nbsp; think it'll stick in your head as well so go ahead&nbsp; click create new project and let's go through some&nbsp;&nbsp; of these new project options now up here there are&nbsp; all of these different platforms you can build for&nbsp;&nbsp; in this video we're going to be building an IOS&nbsp; app or at least that is the context for which we&nbsp;&nbsp; are learning xcode let's choose uh under iOS let's&nbsp; choose app and click next and let's give this a&nbsp;&nbsp; name so we're going to call it xcode demo the next&nbsp; option has to do with which team or which account&nbsp;&nbsp; you want to use because sometimes if you are let's&nbsp; say working for a company you might have a company&nbsp;&nbsp; account and then when you want to build apps for&nbsp; um another company or your your personal apps you&nbsp;&nbsp; might choose a different team so that's where you&nbsp; do that organization identifier combined with the&nbsp;&nbsp; product name forms the bundle identifier which is&nbsp; the unique ID for your app so as you can see the&nbsp;&nbsp; organization identifier the format usually goes&nbsp; like this com Dot and then your company name or&nbsp;&nbsp; your personal name or whatever nickname whatever&nbsp; you want to use and then uh followed by dot your&nbsp;&nbsp; product name there's no spaces so the space in my&nbsp; product name got turned into a dash Al together&nbsp;&nbsp; your organization identifier plus the product&nbsp; name forms your bundle identifier this is a unique&nbsp;&nbsp; ID for this app that you're building okay so&nbsp; interface this talks about about what technology&nbsp;&nbsp; or uh framework you want to use to build the user&nbsp; interface for your app the the screens essentially&nbsp;&nbsp; Swift UI is most likely what you want to choose&nbsp; here because that is Apple's uh preferred platform&nbsp;&nbsp; now um storyboard was the uh the OG if you will&nbsp; the original uh framework used to build user&nbsp;&nbsp; interfaces and then appil released Swift UI which&nbsp; they are uh developing and they're moving forward&nbsp;&nbsp; with it and I mean it's been out for five years&nbsp; or so so it's you know it's in a good spot I would&nbsp;&nbsp; choose Swift UI if you're trying to feature proof&nbsp; your skills there probably will be some jobs that&nbsp;&nbsp; still require storyboard um but as Apple improves&nbsp; Swift UI and continues to work on it um everyone's&nbsp;&nbsp; going to be moving to Swift UI okay so language&nbsp; should only be swift here if you choose storyboard&nbsp;&nbsp; you might get another option called Objective C&nbsp; and again this is sort of the OG uh version of&nbsp;&nbsp; the programming language what you use to you know&nbsp; code and express the app logic if you want to use&nbsp;&nbsp; the latest and greatest you're going to choose&nbsp; Swift UI and Swift and as you can see Swift UI&nbsp;&nbsp; only gives you the option to use Swift for storage&nbsp; we're not going to choose anything here storage is&nbsp;&nbsp; um these are both options to have local databases&nbsp; on your device for your app this is not something&nbsp;&nbsp; we're going to go through in this lesson so we&nbsp; are going to choose none and we're going to also&nbsp;&nbsp; leave all this unchecked that's all you need&nbsp; to configure for your new project let's click&nbsp;&nbsp; next and we're going to choose a place to save it&nbsp; I'm just going to save it on the desktop so I can&nbsp;&nbsp; easily access it you probably want to create an&nbsp; apps folder somewhere on your computer uh where&nbsp;&nbsp; you're going to keep all your apps organized&nbsp; for Source control we are not going to enable&nbsp;&nbsp; this either this is something else that we can&nbsp; probably cover in a future lesson but it is a&nbsp;&nbsp; way to um have some sort of versioning um it's a&nbsp; way to keep different copies or snapshots of your&nbsp;&nbsp; code in your project uh organized so that you&nbsp; can always go forward and backward across those&nbsp;&nbsp; different snapshots of code but it does require a&nbsp; little bit of learning curve so we're going to go&nbsp;&nbsp; through that in a future video okay let's go ahead&nbsp; and click create and it's going to create a folder&nbsp;&nbsp; of files and then it's going to show you your&nbsp; new project here I know personally when I first&nbsp;&nbsp; encountered this on my first project I was quite&nbsp; overwhelmed so I want to briefly explain the main&nbsp;&nbsp; areas of xcode and then we're going to dive into&nbsp; each one in the context of navigating through your&nbsp;&nbsp; app and starting to work on your app so first of&nbsp; all let's start all the way on the left this long&nbsp;&nbsp; pane this is called the Navigator area which is&nbsp; mainly where you're going to be navigating through&nbsp;&nbsp; your project files and uh different issues and&nbsp; things like that to the right of the Navigator&nbsp;&nbsp; you have the editor area now this actually spans&nbsp; the whole part of these two panes right here it's&nbsp;&nbsp; this biggest area of xcode because this is where&nbsp; you're going to edit your files where you're going&nbsp;&nbsp; to write your code where you're going to build&nbsp; your user interface and so on now currently the&nbsp;&nbsp; editor area is split into two different views as&nbsp; you can see one is a code editor View and and on&nbsp;&nbsp; the right hand side you have the canvas which is a&nbsp; preview of what your screen or your view is going&nbsp;&nbsp; to look like as represented by the code on the&nbsp; left hand side we'll dive into that in a little&nbsp;&nbsp; bit I promise you to the right of the canvas you&nbsp; have another long strip called the inspector area&nbsp;&nbsp; and this is where you can configure little details&nbsp; uh about either your files or certain things in&nbsp;&nbsp; the code or certain pieces of user interface face&nbsp; elements in your preview again we'll also dive a&nbsp;&nbsp; little deeper into that later across the top you&nbsp; have your toolbar and this is where you're going&nbsp;&nbsp; to control your app you can run your app from here&nbsp; you can see the status of what's Happening behind&nbsp;&nbsp; the scenes and then at the bottom tucked away&nbsp; right now you have to hit this button to expose&nbsp;&nbsp; it is the debug and console area this is where&nbsp; you're going to troubleshoot issues for your app&nbsp;&nbsp; or look at output that your app is generating so&nbsp; we're going to close that for now because we're&nbsp;&nbsp; not going to need that so those are the main areas&nbsp; of xcode now let's take a look at how each of them&nbsp;&nbsp; is used in the context of this project to help&nbsp; you develop and build iOS apps all right let's&nbsp;&nbsp; dive into the project now so remember when you&nbsp; created this brand new project it ask you where&nbsp;&nbsp; you want to save it to right so let's pull up that&nbsp; location I saved it on my desktop and you can see&nbsp;&nbsp; there's a folder here inside that folder there&nbsp; is an xcode project file product name xcode Pro&nbsp;&nbsp; that's the extension that opens up xcode and there&nbsp; is a folder containing all of the actual files for&nbsp;&nbsp; my project we'll dive into what these files are&nbsp; in a second but I just want to make a quick note&nbsp;&nbsp; that when you're sending your project to someone&nbsp; you cannot send just that Blue xco Project file&nbsp;&nbsp; you have to send all the files right so go up one&nbsp; folder and zip up the entire folder okay so the&nbsp;&nbsp; second thing I want to to draw your attention to&nbsp; is I'm going to move this over here the Navigator&nbsp;&nbsp; so this Navigator it contains different tabs&nbsp; to navigate different things but by far you're&nbsp;&nbsp; going to be using this leftmost tab which is the&nbsp; file Navigator and it allows you to look at all&nbsp;&nbsp; of the different files in your project as you can&nbsp; see it maps to the actual files that were created&nbsp;&nbsp; so this blue xcode Pro this is that top note here&nbsp; right and then this folder xcode demo you can see&nbsp;&nbsp; that folder right here and if you open this up&nbsp; you see the other files mapped here so that's&nbsp;&nbsp; why this file Navigator um is so important because&nbsp; it allows you to edit all of your different files&nbsp;&nbsp; take a look at this when I tap on a different file&nbsp; the editor area changes to allow me to edit that&nbsp;&nbsp; file depending on what that file is so this is&nbsp; just the code file that's why I I don't see the&nbsp;&nbsp; canvas with the preview whereas content view this&nbsp; is a view file or it contains a view and there is&nbsp;&nbsp; something to display it's essentially a screen&nbsp; of our app okay and if I click on assets that's&nbsp;&nbsp; another type of file which we're going to get into&nbsp; so the editor area changes let's start by looking&nbsp;&nbsp; at the very first file up here this is our project&nbsp; file when I click on that xcode shows me a lot of&nbsp;&nbsp; configuration details for my project that's&nbsp; exactly what this uh project file is for it&nbsp;&nbsp; allows me to indicate what platforms I want&nbsp; to Target what orientations I want to lock the&nbsp;&nbsp; app to what's the minimum iOS version I want to&nbsp; Target and things like that I can change my bundle&nbsp;&nbsp; identifier version numbers and so on now there&nbsp; are a couple of different tabs across the top I'm&nbsp;&nbsp; not going to go through each of them but signing&nbsp; in capabilities this allows you to add different&nbsp;&nbsp; abilities to your app if you will you can add&nbsp; Game Center health kit uh inap purchases and&nbsp;&nbsp; things like that maps for example this is where&nbsp; you would add those Frameworks next let's take a&nbsp;&nbsp; look at this first code file what is this well you&nbsp; can think of this as the entry point to your app&nbsp;&nbsp; in other words it's the code that gets run when&nbsp; your app is launched so I'm going to gloss over&nbsp;&nbsp; some of this code and draw your attention to the&nbsp; most important bits for understanding take a look&nbsp;&nbsp; here it says content view where have we seen&nbsp; that before well we have a file in our project&nbsp;&nbsp; called content view so let's click into that this&nbsp; happens to be a view or in other words a screen&nbsp;&nbsp; of your app and it's called content view here on&nbsp; the right hand side there is a canvas because it&nbsp;&nbsp; is a view so there's something to see you can see&nbsp; that this is the representation of the code here&nbsp;&nbsp; and the part which I'm going to highlight which we&nbsp; won't go through right now but we'll go through a&nbsp;&nbsp; little later in this video this code is generating&nbsp; what you see here on the right hand side okay so&nbsp;&nbsp; this is the first screen of our app why is it the&nbsp; first screen of our app well let's go back to the&nbsp;&nbsp; app entry point right the code that gets run when&nbsp; your app is launched right here it's creating&nbsp;&nbsp; an instance or in other words a it's creating a&nbsp; Content view essentially and displaying it to the&nbsp;&nbsp; user this this is the content view so when your&nbsp; app launches it creates a Content View and shows&nbsp;&nbsp; it to the user and that's how you get this first&nbsp; screen of your app again in the next part when&nbsp;&nbsp; we dive into the editor area I'll show you how&nbsp; to change some of this code and we can visually&nbsp;&nbsp; see what happens as we change it for now let's go&nbsp; through the rest of our project files in the file&nbsp;&nbsp; Navigator next up we have the assets library and&nbsp; this is where you're going to add images colors&nbsp;&nbsp; app icons you're going to Define um various color&nbsp; sets and themes all to use during your coding in&nbsp;&nbsp; your app you can reference all of those colors&nbsp; all of those images to use in your app why don't&nbsp;&nbsp; we try adding an image together I have one that I&nbsp; prepared here and that is this sha Inu looks like&nbsp;&nbsp; this okay but why do I have multiple copies of the&nbsp; same file well this 2x1 is double the size and the&nbsp;&nbsp; 3x1 is triple the size of my original image and&nbsp; the reason why we add three different sizes of the&nbsp;&nbsp; image is because there are various Apple devices&nbsp; at different resolutions or pixel densities so&nbsp;&nbsp; depending on which device the user is using the&nbsp; OS or iOS will pick the right image to use so&nbsp;&nbsp; I'm going to highlight all three of them and drag&nbsp; them into here don't worry if you don't have three&nbsp;&nbsp; different sizes of the same image you can take&nbsp; the original one and just enlarge it two times&nbsp;&nbsp; and then three times in a graphics program such as&nbsp; Adobe Photoshop or figma but often times when you&nbsp;&nbsp; do that the 2X and 3X versions will be blurry so&nbsp; what's better actually is to take uh try to find&nbsp;&nbsp; a really large copy of the image and to scale it&nbsp; down into the 2X or 1X versions are better yet if&nbsp;&nbsp; you have an illustration if you can use vector&nbsp; graphics those are scalable and you won't lose&nbsp;&nbsp; any sort of resolution you can do some research&nbsp; into that if you want to search up vector graphics&nbsp;&nbsp; but let's get back to the met at hand here we have&nbsp; an image asset which we just added into our asset&nbsp;&nbsp; Library notice this asset name Sheba Inu we're&nbsp; going to have to spell it exactly like that in&nbsp;&nbsp; order to reference this image and display it in&nbsp; our app let's also add a color so I want to show&nbsp;&nbsp; you what that looks like if you right click here&nbsp; and you choose color set I can choose this as like&nbsp;&nbsp; perhaps let's name this the uh primary color maybe&nbsp; the primary accent color or something like that&nbsp;&nbsp; and by default let's make it a let's make it like&nbsp; a teal or something like that he something like&nbsp;&nbsp; that and if it's dark mode if the user has their&nbsp; device on dark mode I could choose a different&nbsp;&nbsp; color uh maybe something that is like that and so&nbsp; iOS will choose which color to use for my primary&nbsp;&nbsp; accent color depending on whether the user is&nbsp; in light mode or dark mode and this is how you&nbsp;&nbsp; can specify um those things in a little bit I'll&nbsp; show you how we can access the color and the image&nbsp;&nbsp; which we've added inside of our content view but&nbsp; for now let's go through the rest of our project&nbsp;&nbsp; files so we've got this preview content folder&nbsp; with a preview assets library or asset catalog&nbsp;&nbsp; this is where you're going to add assets for your&nbsp; preview these are things that you are including&nbsp;&nbsp; simply for preview or development purposes and not&nbsp; necessarily in your um in your actual ual app when&nbsp;&nbsp; you put it into the App Store now that we've&nbsp; gone through our project files let's see how&nbsp;&nbsp; we can start to edit some of them in the editor&nbsp; area so as you saw before this editor area really&nbsp;&nbsp; changes to allow you to edit the file for example&nbsp; configuring the project properties versus editing&nbsp;&nbsp; code versus editing a view I'm going to focus our&nbsp; time on editing views because that's where I feel&nbsp;&nbsp; like we're going to learn the most here so first&nbsp; off code on the left preview on the right what&nbsp;&nbsp; you see in the preview is a representation of the&nbsp; code itself you can also adjust this there's also&nbsp;&nbsp; some neat ways to navigate between different files&nbsp; in the um editor area there are arrows here going&nbsp;&nbsp; back and forward and this works exactly like a&nbsp; web browser when you're going forward and back um&nbsp;&nbsp; through your browsing history there are&nbsp; different tabs here that you can switch&nbsp;&nbsp; across you can create new tabs and things like&nbsp; that and you can turn off your preview if you're&nbsp;&nbsp; used to working just in code and you don't need a&nbsp; preview you can say show editor only even if it's&nbsp;&nbsp; a view or you can bring out the canvas and there&nbsp; are a lot of different options you can rearrange&nbsp;&nbsp; the different panels you can have split panels&nbsp; and so on and so forth but I'm not going to get&nbsp;&nbsp; into that because I don't think you need to know&nbsp; know that right now what I do want to illustrate&nbsp;&nbsp; is showing you some of the code edits that we&nbsp; can do here and giving you like a slight a very&nbsp;&nbsp; light introduction to Swift UI and building&nbsp; user interfaces using the code right here in&nbsp;&nbsp; the editor area so even if you have never coded&nbsp; before and you haven't ever seen code I think I&nbsp;&nbsp; can explain this in a way that you can understand&nbsp; so first look at this keyword here called vstack&nbsp;&nbsp; v stands for vertical so this is basically a&nbsp; vertical stack and this is a layout container&nbsp;&nbsp; so anything you put inside this container it&nbsp; arranges it stacked vertically there's also a&nbsp;&nbsp; horizontal stack and you can probably guess&nbsp; if you put things inside that container it&nbsp;&nbsp; arranges those elements horizontally well let's&nbsp; take a look at this vstack so what is contained&nbsp;&nbsp; inside of it well it's everything between the open&nbsp; opening curly bracket and the ending curly bracket&nbsp;&nbsp; in other words you see this keyword the image and&nbsp; the text these two elements are inside the vstack&nbsp;&nbsp; so it's going to stack them up vertically and if&nbsp; you look at the preview you have an image of the&nbsp;&nbsp; globe and you have hello world as a text element&nbsp; the globe is this image element right here and&nbsp;&nbsp; the text hello world is this label over here and&nbsp; because they are both inside the vstack they're&nbsp;&nbsp; stacked on top of each other furthermore the image&nbsp; is on top of the text because inside the code it's&nbsp;&nbsp; arranged exactly in that way now to help you&nbsp; visualize and see this code a little better&nbsp;&nbsp; let me create some line braks or some spacing and&nbsp; it helps you visually separate the elements and&nbsp;&nbsp; furthermore what we can do is add something called&nbsp; a comment so these are pieces of code that gets&nbsp;&nbsp; uh rendered or displayed on through the preview&nbsp; but what I can do is add little messages or notes&nbsp;&nbsp; inside the code or in between the code using&nbsp; these two forward slashes these are messages&nbsp;&nbsp; that don't uh the system doesn't treat them as&nbsp; code so it's just like this part up here all of&nbsp;&nbsp; these these are all just notes for us so I can say&nbsp; this is the image of the globe this is the label&nbsp;&nbsp; and this is the vertical stack now the next&nbsp; thing you might be wondering is why are we&nbsp;&nbsp; able to show a globe this image but this globe&nbsp; this is the name right here of that asset that&nbsp;&nbsp; Globe is not inside our assets Library where is&nbsp; that Globe coming from well there's an icon set&nbsp;&nbsp; in iOS that you can use it comes with the system&nbsp; all you need to know is what the system name of&nbsp;&nbsp; that icon is well how do you access the set of&nbsp; icons we're going to skip ahead a little bit&nbsp;&nbsp; here but there's a plus icon here in the toolbar&nbsp; if you hit that this brings up what's called the&nbsp;&nbsp; library and there are different tabs here let's&nbsp; go to the last tab I'll explain the other ones&nbsp;&nbsp; in a little bit but I want to show you where all&nbsp; of these icons where you can find this library&nbsp;&nbsp; of icons for for example we can search for pencil&nbsp; and you can use all of these different ones take&nbsp;&nbsp; note of the name this one's pencil this one's&nbsp; pencil. Circle right pencil. circle. fill so&nbsp;&nbsp; on and so forth so let's use pencil. Circle you&nbsp; need that name and you need to just as long as&nbsp;&nbsp; you know the system name if you specify it&nbsp; it will be there and it'll show up okay so&nbsp;&nbsp; I'm actually just going to erase the do Circle&nbsp; part and I'm just going to use a basic pencil&nbsp;&nbsp; because I want this to stay in one line so it's&nbsp; easier for you to read next I want to point your&nbsp;&nbsp; attention to these two lines of code right dot&nbsp; something and then brackets with something in&nbsp;&nbsp; it this is what's called a modifier and both of&nbsp; these modifiers change how this image looks and&nbsp;&nbsp; behaves so why don't we try removing this see&nbsp; what happens going turn black and it's about&nbsp;&nbsp; the same size I would say but image scale this&nbsp; one as the name implies changes the size of the&nbsp;&nbsp; image the large part this is uh a parameter&nbsp; for the modifier so this is how it modifies&nbsp;&nbsp; the image this is specifying or configuring that&nbsp; modification I could choose dot small for example&nbsp;&nbsp; uh and all I'm doing is hitting dot brings up&nbsp; this menu uh which gives me the options that I&nbsp;&nbsp; can put in there and I can select small and&nbsp; you can see that it got a little smaller now&nbsp;&nbsp; the second modifier foreground style changes the&nbsp; color or potentially other things as well of the&nbsp;&nbsp; icon but the configuration is just to specify the&nbsp; tint color now tint uh is the default accent color&nbsp;&nbsp; in iOS the default tint color is this blue that&nbsp; see here but why don't we try changing it to the&nbsp;&nbsp; color that we specified inside our assets library&nbsp; and if I go back here we called it primary accent&nbsp;&nbsp; color right with spaces in between capital letters&nbsp; for each word and the way that we specify that is&nbsp;&nbsp; we have to type color followed by uh two rounded&nbsp; brackets and inside we put the name of the color color yeah so you can see our color is right there&nbsp; let me change this back to large so it's a little&nbsp;&nbsp; easier to see it's still hard to see because&nbsp; of the color that we chose but the point that&nbsp;&nbsp; I want to make here is that these are modifiers&nbsp; and they modify the image element right here we&nbsp;&nbsp; could also modify the text label right here by&nbsp; adding different modifiers to it so let me show&nbsp;&nbsp; you what that looks like Dot and then it brings&nbsp; up this autocomplete menu which gives us options&nbsp;&nbsp; so for example one easy one is just to choose bold&nbsp; and it will bold the text furthermore if I wanted&nbsp;&nbsp; to change my text of the same color I can add the&nbsp; foreground style modifier to my text this modifier&nbsp;&nbsp; works for both images or icons and text so now&nbsp; my text is the same hard to read color why don't&nbsp;&nbsp; we try looking at this app in dark mode there are&nbsp; some special features of the preview canvas that&nbsp;&nbsp; let us configure uh how we preview it if we take&nbsp; a look at this icon here you can turn on color&nbsp;&nbsp; scheme so that's how it would look in dark mode&nbsp; that's how it will look in light mode now light&nbsp;&nbsp; mode is really hard to read so I might go back to&nbsp; my assets and I might say for light mode why don't&nbsp;&nbsp; we use a darker color so it's slightly easier to&nbsp; read I mean those would all be hard to read but&nbsp;&nbsp; let me just use that for example for light mode&nbsp; if we go back to our content View and we wait&nbsp;&nbsp; for the preview to load and then we click on this&nbsp; so in dark mode it looks like that in light mode&nbsp;&nbsp; it looks pretty much black but I'm&nbsp; sure that is the primary color that&nbsp;&nbsp; I chose here um it looks a little&nbsp; dark that might be also hard to read appearances any light or dark okay yeah there we go it's it's a little hard&nbsp; to see but it is the color that I chose there&nbsp;&nbsp; we go and I guess we're talking about zooming&nbsp; in and zooming out so furthermore here you can&nbsp;&nbsp; toggle different orientations so you can see what&nbsp; your app looks like in portrait mode or different&nbsp;&nbsp; orientations and there's various things like that&nbsp; so just in the last five minutes I've explained&nbsp;&nbsp; this code and I'm sure even if you haven't seen&nbsp; any code before that you can read this code and&nbsp;&nbsp; you can understand that why this code right here&nbsp; generates what you see here on the right hand&nbsp;&nbsp; side and that's how building user interfaces feels&nbsp; like in Swift UI it's very intuitive and uh once&nbsp;&nbsp; you get the hang of it you probably wouldn't even&nbsp; need the preview and you can just write this code&nbsp;&nbsp; furthermore if you don't understand what sorts of&nbsp; modifiers are available or what sort of parameters&nbsp;&nbsp; you can specify for each modifier there's an easy&nbsp; visual way to do that and that brings us to the&nbsp;&nbsp; next section which is the inspector so you might&nbsp; have noticed that as we were coding and we were&nbsp;&nbsp; clicking on these different pieces of code that&nbsp; what you saw on this inspector panel was changing&nbsp;&nbsp; and that's because depending on what your cursor&nbsp; is on and what your uh file is active it shows&nbsp;&nbsp; different options let's start at the top for&nbsp; example if we take a look at this project node&nbsp;&nbsp; you can see the full path of where it is&nbsp; you can customize some different things if&nbsp;&nbsp; we take a look at an image asset let's say uh&nbsp; yeah an image asset like this you can also see&nbsp;&nbsp; different things you can change about that image&nbsp; some details about it some colors right that's&nbsp;&nbsp; where we're customizing the color actually&nbsp; we're already using the the inspector panel&nbsp;&nbsp; and furthermore there are a few different tabs&nbsp; just like the Navigator there are different tabs see so now let's go into a code area let's take&nbsp; a look at a vstack now this one is about the&nbsp;&nbsp; identity and the type of what it is the file that&nbsp; is um if I go into this tab this is a quick help&nbsp;&nbsp; tab which gives you information about the vstack&nbsp; it shows you a code example and a little tutorial&nbsp;&nbsp; that's a great way to uh look at things that&nbsp; you're unfamiliar with for example I can click on&nbsp;&nbsp; the image and it has the same sort of thing shows&nbsp; me some of the available options if I click into&nbsp;&nbsp; this one it lets me configure different things&nbsp; about it so for example let's click the vstack&nbsp;&nbsp; I can add some spacing between the elements if I&nbsp; would like for example uh the image and the text&nbsp;&nbsp; they're stacked right up against each other but if&nbsp; I increase the spacing like this let's increase it&nbsp;&nbsp; by a bit more so you can see let's say 50 or 100&nbsp; even you can see that they're spaced really far&nbsp;&nbsp; apart right I have to hit enter actually there&nbsp; it is that's 100 uh and you can also see how it&nbsp;&nbsp; affects the code you see it added a parameter&nbsp; to the vstack uh it added this part right and&nbsp;&nbsp; it shows how you would configure the vstack using&nbsp; code if you wanted spacing between the elements to&nbsp;&nbsp; be 100 but I did it through the inspector panel&nbsp; right so it's a visual way of configuration what&nbsp;&nbsp; else can I do what if I clicked this alignment&nbsp; and I clicked align them to the right you can&nbsp;&nbsp; see now they're aligned to the right so let&nbsp; me change that back to the center and you can&nbsp;&nbsp; see here it actually specified the alignment to&nbsp; be the center but by default it's at the center&nbsp;&nbsp; anyway so even if you don't specify alignment to&nbsp; be center it's already centered so I can delete&nbsp;&nbsp; that piece of code now this is the cool thing&nbsp; let's go to the image right now there's a lot&nbsp;&nbsp; more things you can configure with the image&nbsp; but what I want to draw your attention to is&nbsp;&nbsp; down here the add modifier box right here it shows&nbsp; me just by clicking into it the different types of&nbsp;&nbsp; modifiers I can specify on that image element&nbsp; there's blur border brightness contrast Corner&nbsp;&nbsp; radius hover effect all these different things&nbsp; right before I before I add a modifier let me&nbsp;&nbsp; just specify I I just remembered we need to take&nbsp; a look at how we're going to show the Sheba Inu&nbsp;&nbsp; image why don't we do that what if we just typed&nbsp; in sha Inu like this it doesn't show up right even&nbsp;&nbsp; though I spelled it exactly like how the image&nbsp; asset is in our library still doesn't show up and&nbsp;&nbsp; that's because we don't use system name name when&nbsp; we are referencing Assets in the library you only&nbsp;&nbsp; use system name for those icons in the system so I&nbsp; can remove that and lo and behold we get the image&nbsp;&nbsp; of our Sheba Inu let's try adding a modifier to it&nbsp; now so I'm going to click here we're going to use&nbsp;&nbsp; the inspect panel to add let's say a blur to it&nbsp; a blur radius three that is the strength of the&nbsp;&nbsp; so you can see that's applied to it right&nbsp; there so this inspector panel is a great&nbsp;&nbsp; way to learn about different modifiers&nbsp; that you can add to the uh to different elements right now I have some rounded images&nbsp; uh Corners I mean and then let's go back and&nbsp;&nbsp; change the text here instead of hello world we'll&nbsp; label it as a Sheba Inu and then furthermore we'll&nbsp;&nbsp; reduce the spacing to that let's talk about the&nbsp; toolbar across the top now you'll see that there's&nbsp;&nbsp; this corner button hide or show the inspectors if&nbsp; we click on these buttons essentially hides and&nbsp;&nbsp; shows these panels which gives us more space for&nbsp; editing the code and looking at the preview which&nbsp;&nbsp; is great for laptop displays or smaller screens we&nbsp; also have the library icon which we went over for&nbsp;&nbsp; we also have this status right here which tells&nbsp; us what's happening on the left hand side here we&nbsp;&nbsp; have uh the Target that we want to run and this&nbsp; matters when we have a larger xcode project with&nbsp;&nbsp; multiple smaller targets or projects in it for&nbsp; now we have just one so it doesn't really make&nbsp;&nbsp; a difference but this menu this second drop down&nbsp; is really important this is where do you want to&nbsp;&nbsp; uh run your app on in terms of previewing it so&nbsp; if we plugged in our device onto the computer&nbsp;&nbsp; it would show up here and we can run this app&nbsp; and install it on a physical device and you&nbsp;&nbsp; can actually then unplug your phone afterwards&nbsp; and show people on your device or you can run&nbsp;&nbsp; your app on one of the many simulators and this&nbsp; is a virtual device that appears on your screen&nbsp;&nbsp; that you can use to interact with your app so I'm&nbsp; going to show you how that works in a second for&nbsp;&nbsp; now let's just choose iPhone 15 Pro um this is the&nbsp; Run button this will actually um install this app&nbsp;&nbsp; either on the simulator or on whatever physical&nbsp; device you've selected so it basically runs your&nbsp;&nbsp; project if you tap and hold it there are a couple&nbsp; of other things that you can do which we won't get&nbsp;&nbsp; into at the moment I want to draw your attention&nbsp; back to the library because there are a couple&nbsp;&nbsp; of different tabs here now this first tab has a&nbsp; collection of the different views that you can&nbsp;&nbsp; add to your user interface so you saw vstack which&nbsp; is a layout container you saw the image element&nbsp;&nbsp; you saw the text element there are color Pickers&nbsp; buttons date Pickers forms labels links lists menu&nbsp;&nbsp; and so on and so forth this is a great way to just&nbsp; explore Swift UI and what sorts of components you&nbsp;&nbsp; can add to the view furthermore this tab gives&nbsp; you modifiers so you saw in the inspector panel&nbsp;&nbsp; how we could add modifier and we get a list&nbsp; this is another way to look at the different&nbsp;&nbsp; types of modifiers you see blur that's the one&nbsp; we used before if you just tap it you can get a&nbsp;&nbsp; description of what it does and how it would look&nbsp; in code same thing goes for these views if you tap&nbsp;&nbsp; on one of them you can get a code sample you can&nbsp; learn a little bit more about it and things like&nbsp;&nbsp; that these are different code blocks which if you&nbsp; get into Swift then we can dive into that but for&nbsp;&nbsp; now we're not going to do that this is another way&nbsp; to access your asset Library the great thing about&nbsp;&nbsp; the library is that it's all drag and drop so you&nbsp; open this you can just grab this and you can drop&nbsp;&nbsp; it into your code that's how you would display&nbsp; the Sheba Inu right if I put this inside of&nbsp;&nbsp; our vstack right You' get two of them one of them&nbsp; has rounded Corners because we have the modifiers&nbsp;&nbsp; the other one doesn't so it's got straight corners&nbsp; but the same thing goes for the other things in&nbsp;&nbsp; the library right you could just drag one of these&nbsp; things such as a button right into your vstack&nbsp;&nbsp; let's just put it right there for example you've&nbsp; got a button and then you could explore what the&nbsp;&nbsp; code looks like and start playing around with&nbsp; it so the library is really useful uh as is the&nbsp;&nbsp; inspector but over time as you play around and you&nbsp; code longer you're not going to need the library&nbsp;&nbsp; you're not going to need need the inspector just&nbsp; going to be faster for you to type a couple of&nbsp;&nbsp; letters have autocomplete pop up choose the thing&nbsp; you want and just type and code everything by hand&nbsp;&nbsp; like that great that xcode gives you various&nbsp; ways to go about doing the same thing all right&nbsp;&nbsp; so that's the toolbar and the nutshell let's try&nbsp; running our project on the simulator and see what&nbsp;&nbsp; happens if I hit run if you're doing this for&nbsp; the first time it might take a couple of minutes&nbsp;&nbsp; at first it says build succeeded if your code if&nbsp; there was like an error in your code or something&nbsp;&nbsp; like that you would get a error and it won't be&nbsp; able to run your project until you fix it but it&nbsp;&nbsp; said build succeeded which means there are no&nbsp; errors and it launched this virtual simulator&nbsp;&nbsp; and then it ran my app on it now why would I need&nbsp; a simulator if I have the preview that's a great&nbsp;&nbsp; question question there's lots of things that you&nbsp; can do in the preview you can even interact with&nbsp;&nbsp; it right but there are also lots of things that&nbsp; you cannot do in the preview for example using&nbsp;&nbsp; the simulator you can take screenshots and you&nbsp; can simulate different things you can simulate&nbsp;&nbsp; a location for example if you are using Maps&nbsp; you're trying to track uh the user using GPS&nbsp;&nbsp; you can simulate custom locations and specify a&nbsp; lat long you can even specify moving Target uh for&nbsp;&nbsp; example a Freeway Drive and the coordinates will&nbsp; actually change so you can test your app you can&nbsp;&nbsp; trigger different text sizes you can trigger face&nbsp; ID Apple pay you can also simulate a low memory&nbsp;&nbsp; uh situation uh slow animations what would happen&nbsp; in your app so there's lots of things you can uh&nbsp;&nbsp; change and simulate so you can test your app in as&nbsp; realistic of an environment as possible although&nbsp;&nbsp; actually putting it on your phone and testing&nbsp; it uh would probably be the best if you have a&nbsp;&nbsp; device and furthermore inside the simulator it's&nbsp; almost like an actual phone you can add contacts&nbsp;&nbsp; you can uh specify different settings and things&nbsp; like that and it's as real as you can get without&nbsp;&nbsp; having a real device so the preview is really&nbsp; meant for develop element just to see what what&nbsp;&nbsp; it is that you you have uh you can interact it&nbsp; with a little bit in a limited way The Next Step&nbsp;&nbsp; Up would be testing it in the simulator and the&nbsp; best thing would be testing it on an actual device&nbsp;&nbsp; all right so let's go ahead and do that now let's&nbsp; put this little app on an actual device all right&nbsp;&nbsp; so I'm going to plug in my phone to my computer&nbsp; right now and xcode if it's the first time you're&nbsp;&nbsp; doing it it's going to pop up a little menu on&nbsp; your phone saying you know should you trust this&nbsp;&nbsp; computer and obviously you should hit trust&nbsp; and if it's the first time it'll also try to&nbsp;&nbsp; um get your phone ready for development so that&nbsp; usually takes a couple of minutes um because my&nbsp;&nbsp; phone has been used before that stuff is bypassed&nbsp; and now I can select my phone as the destination&nbsp;&nbsp; of where I want to install this app into so I'm&nbsp; going to choose my phone and then I am going to&nbsp;&nbsp; hit run to install the app on my phone but before&nbsp; I do that let me uh open up quick time player and&nbsp;&nbsp; give you a view of my phone and if you didn't&nbsp; know you could do this you just hit this little&nbsp;&nbsp; arrow here and you can select the source of what&nbsp; you want to see as long as your phone is plugged&nbsp;&nbsp; in so let me now run the app on my phone and&nbsp; then you're going to see it pop up on my phone so this is my actual device here it just takes a&nbsp; while the first time if it doesn't work you can&nbsp;&nbsp; hit stop and you can try to do it again so it's&nbsp; saying running oh it's something's happening give&nbsp;&nbsp; it a little while there it goes because I'm&nbsp; running dark mode on my phone uh you can see&nbsp;&nbsp; that it looks a little different notice that it's&nbsp; not completely the same there is a little bit of&nbsp;&nbsp; a mark margin on my actual device right whereas&nbsp; on the simulator it doesn't show that so that's&nbsp;&nbsp; why I'm saying that a testing on an actual device&nbsp; would be the most accurate because it's what your&nbsp;&nbsp; users who download your app would see now the&nbsp; other thing that is cool is that after I hit&nbsp;&nbsp; stop if I show you here my app is still here I&nbsp; can launch this at any time so let me let me just&nbsp;&nbsp; launch this oh sorry this is the simulator what&nbsp; am I doing um there here it is you can see that&nbsp;&nbsp; it's still there right so I can launch it from&nbsp; my phone like I can disconnect my phone and I can&nbsp;&nbsp; launch that app at any time so I could bring&nbsp; it around and show my friends show my family&nbsp;&nbsp; the thing to note though is that in about 7 or 14&nbsp; days I forget it's either seven or 14 days you'll&nbsp;&nbsp; get a message that said the build has expired and&nbsp; you're going to need to plug in your phone and do&nbsp;&nbsp; this process over again to in reinstall it so it's&nbsp; meant for testing purposes it's not meant for you&nbsp;&nbsp; to keep that app on your phone for perpetuity um&nbsp; if you want to keep it on your phone longer you're&nbsp;&nbsp; going to need to sign up for the Apple developer&nbsp; program which Apple charges a yearly fee for&nbsp;&nbsp; and that allows you to install the apps on your&nbsp; phone on a more permanent basis and you can also&nbsp;&nbsp; uh deploy apps into the App Store as many as&nbsp; you want so that's a yearly fee to Apple and&nbsp;&nbsp; that's how you install apps on your phone&nbsp; to show your friends and family what you're&nbsp;&nbsp; building now we didn't go through the debug and&nbsp; the console area down here that's more of when&nbsp;&nbsp; we are writing more Swift Code and we need to&nbsp; troubleshoot and figure out some stuff for now&nbsp;&nbsp; going through it I think would be overkill&nbsp; for this tutorial and at this point in your&nbsp;&nbsp; Journey but I do recommend you go from here to&nbsp; our beginner 8 day series which I'll link to in&nbsp;&nbsp; the upper right hand corner it's the best starting&nbsp; point to learn app development using Swift UI and&nbsp;&nbsp; Swift and start building your own apps in fact&nbsp; in those eight lessons you will be building your&nbsp;&nbsp; first app and I don't mean an app like this that&nbsp; does nothing I mean an actual card game that does&nbsp;&nbsp; something and uh that's when it would be more&nbsp; prudent for you to actually learn how to debug&nbsp;&nbsp; and troubleshoot your code so that's my xcode&nbsp; tutorial you learned about how to download xcode&nbsp;&nbsp; all of the main areas of xcode how to navigate&nbsp; around it and you learned a little bit about&nbsp;&nbsp; building user interfaces using Swift UI as well if&nbsp; there's anything you feel like was missing please&nbsp;&nbsp; comment below and I'll try my best to record a&nbsp; follow-up video and if you want to continue what&nbsp;&nbsp; you learned today and continue building on those&nbsp; skills I highly recommend that you check out our&nbsp;&nbsp; 8-day beginner Series right over there and lastly&nbsp; if you enjoyed this video I would appreciate it&nbsp;&nbsp; greatly if you shared it with someone you know&nbsp; who's also interested in app development that&nbsp;&nbsp; would help this channel out so much thank you&nbsp; for watching and I'll see you in the next one

  Top Comments:
  1. @CodeWithChris [10 likes]: 👋 Our "Launch Your First App" program will help you build up your iOS skills to publish your very own feature rich app even if you’re a beginner starting from scratch. https://cwc.to/youtubeoffer
  2. @seancharleshowell [2 likes]: Thanks!
  3. @freeyourmind137 [2 likes]: very nice and easy to watch, thanks a lot
  4. @Home112decor [1 likes]: Sl
  5. @JordyKakweta [1 likes]: whatsapp
  6. @JordyKakweta [1 likes]: hey
  7. @JackiDietrich [1 likes]: Excellent tutorial! Your clear explanations and pacing are perfect for getting started with Xcode. Looking forward to exploring more of your content.
  8. @kevinklein2562 [1 likes]: Amazing video. Quick question. In my Xcode, I don't have an "Add Modifier" field in the Attributes tab at the bottom like you do. That seems super helpful, especially for Swift beginners. Can't seem to figure out how to get it to show up. Any ideas? Thanks again!
  9. @YoyoImran-b8o: i realy like macos and programming ios apps saly i dont have a mac
  10. @backyardbreaksclips0: stop yapping 😭
  11. @Justerhdy: Thank you
  12. @JetBlizzard: FYI the Visual Modifier tab got discontinued by apple. I was searching for it for so long in 2025 😢
  13. @marklondon2008: I cannot get the attribute inspector to show anything other than the default view. Apple have said that this only works with Storyboard or XIB files - but you're using SwitfUI....help!
  14. @axxxx2530: شكرا على الشرح حاولت افهم واطبق الخطوات طلع البرنامج سهل واضح
  15. @rickyardo2944: Hi great video and well explained however, @22:24 your library window "Search Box" shows Views  inside of it below it shows 6 Small icons, mine shows the "Search Box" is empty and shows a default text "Snippets" and below that it shows 3 icons only, it is missing the first 2 icons shown on yours and the last on on yours is also missing on mine, also, your Library window shows on the left a list of  Controls with the first been a Button, and others below it, I tried searching for Button but it comes back with nothing, can you help? thank you.
SOLVED:
  16. @ken0bi-w7s: This is gold. I was looking for a crash course on Xcode, went for the official videos at the Apple Developer web, and none of their videos were as good (not even close) to how well-explained and clear this intro was. Really appreciate it, I’ll continue my Swift journey with Chris 🙇‍♂️💯
  17. @19InfantryHero74: Great job explaining, Chris.
  18. @DBenzgaming-z9g: This was a very helpful tutorial, thank you.
  19. @nightstalkers2012: I’m trying to build an app in Xcode and it was going good. Until I tried to link it to core data then I have so many errors I don’t know what to do with
  20. @MohSo14: Great starter and explanation!thanks

- How to Make an App (Xcode 26) FULL TUTORIAL: Kind: captions Language: en Hi, I'm Chris and I've been helping beginners and non-coders launch their apps since 2013. And since you're here watching this video, I'm confident that I can help you do the same thing. This video series is for people who want to learn how to code. It's still a valuable skill in this age of AI. In fact, we'll be making full use of AI to enhance your learning and to help you gain coding skills as fast as possible. The success stories you saw earlier, those people didn't even have AI when they were learning to code. So, I'm sure for you it's going to be smoother, faster, and easier. On the other hand, if you don't want to learn how to code, you only want to use AI to build apps, check out this video over here. However, I will say that knowing basic coding skills such as the ones I'm going to show you in this video series, it will save you hours of frustration and headache. And I know this firsthand because I've spoken with the people who have gone down that path only using AI to code, and they tell me that they wish they knew basic coding skills. So, I would still recommend that you go through this video series. Okay, moving on. This series has been updated for Xcode 26. And the cool thing about Xcode 26 is that it's called a builtin coding assistant, which we are going to make full use of because we want to use AI to help you learn as efficiently as possible. Now, by the end of this video series, you'll be able to write and express simple app logic in Swift. You'll be able to build simple user interfaces in Swift UI. You'll know your way around Xcode 26. You'll be familiar with using AI to both help get you unstuck during your learning and to speed up your learning as well. You'll understand how apps are submitted and published into the Apple App Store. And last but not least, you'll have a plan on how to progress your learning after this video series towards the app that you ultimately want to build. So, if all of that sounds good, let's get started. First of all, I want to give you a 10,000 foot view of how you build and publish apps so that you can see what your journey is going to look like. So, we start off by downloading the official development app from Apple and it's called Xcode. Now, this app does look a little scary when you first launch it. There's a ton of buttons and different panels, but don't worry. In lesson two of this series, we're going to break it down. I'm going to make it very simple for you on how to use Xcode. Xcode is an app that is only available on Mac computers. This can be a dealbreaker for many people, but if you don't have access to a Mac or you don't want to invest in one, there are other ways such as rent a Mac which allows you to remote into a Mac from your PC and then you can use it for development like that for a small fee. We can talk more about these options when we get to downloading and installing using Xcode. But what do we do inside Xcode? Well, we write code. There's actually two different types of code that you write. One is called Swift and that is to express the app logic and the brains behind your app. The other type of code that you write is called Swift UI and UI stands for user interface which is just a technical term for the screens that the user sees when they're using your app. So you write Swift UI code to describe the screen and to build the screen of your app. Now, as you're coding your app inside Xcode, you're going to need to test it to make sure that it works as you progress. You can do that one of two different ways. One way is if you have an actual iPhone, you can plug it into your computer and Xcode will be able to install your app onto the phone so that you can physically interact with your app and test it. If you don't have a physical device, don't worry. Xcode comes with what's called an iOS simulator and you can think of it as a virtual iPhone that will appear on your screen and then you can interact with your app and test it just like you would on an actual device. All right. Now, let's say you've finished coding it, you've tested it and you are ready to launch it. How does it get from Xcode to the app store? Well, inside Xcode, once your app is ready to go, you compile it. And that's just a fancy word of taking all of the code along with the resources such as image assets, font files, and packaging it up into a bundle. And then Xcode is going to upload that bundle to a web portal that you can access on the browser. It's called App Store Connect. And once it's uploaded to App Store Connect, you can just log in and you would fill out all of the metadata for the app. Things like the title, the description, the keywords, the categories, the pricing if it's a paid app. And once you've done that, you hit a button to submit the app for review because Apple needs to make sure that your app follows all of its guidelines and that it doesn't break any of its rules and things like that. And it'll either do one of two things. It'll either approve your app, in which case your app is going to be live on the app store for people to download, or number two, it may reject your app and it'll tell you why it's rejected it because of maybe certain things that you need to change. And don't worry, there is no penalty for rejection. All you need to do is fix up whatever they ask you and you can resubmit it and they'll look at it again. And this cycle can happen as many times as needed in order to get your approved. Now the thing is in order to get access to App Store Connect to publish your apps, you have to be a member of the Apple developer program. There is no requirement to join this program. All you have to do is pay Apple an annual fee of $100 USD. And by doing that, you'll be able to submit as many apps as you want. And as long as you continue to pay that annual fee, your apps will stay on the app store. So, taking a step back, here's what you need to learn. You need to learn how to use Xcode. You need to learn how to read and write Swift code as well as Swift UI code. And you need to learn the process of compiling your app and submitting it to the app store. Not to worry, those are all things that we will cover in this series. So, by the end of it, you're going to have everything you need in order to start building your own apps. It's time to roll up our sleeves and jump right in. In the next lesson, we'll download and install Xcode, and I'll show you how we use it to build apps. Oh, by the way, if you're looking for one-on-one support, live training, courses, and a community to motivate and keep you accountable, check out CWC Plus. In the last lesson, I walked you through an overview of your learning journey. And that includes learning to use Xcode, learning how to read and write Swift code, which is used for the app logic, learning how to read and write Swift UI code, which is used to describe the screens and the views that the user sees. In this lesson, we're going to focus on setting up and going through Xcode. And by the end of this lesson, you're going to have a working knowledge of using Xcode to start building views. Now, I'll stop by saying that Xcode is the same tool that professional iOS developers use day in and day out to build apps. That doesn't mean that this piece of software is complicated. It just means that it has a lot of features and bells and whistles, but I'm going to break it down for you. Uh, make sure that you only have what you need at this point to start working with it. So, don't be overwhelmed. Let's get started. Okay, step one is to download and install Xcode. So, on your Mac, hit command and spacebar and launch the App Store. Now, if you don't have a Mac, don't worry. There are options for you, and we'll talk about that in a couple of minutes. But first, launch the App Store. In the corner, search for Xcode, and you should come across this listing right here. This is going to be the official tool from Apple. As you can see, it's number one in developer tools. Do note the size. you're going to need actually more hard drive space than this because there's going to be additional developer components that need to be downloaded after the fact. Uh so make sure you have at least 20 gigs or more, I would say. And do not be alarmed by the ratings here. As I've said, developers are forced to use this and some of them have a lovehate relationship with Apple. I myself really don't mind Xcode. I think it's quite pleasant. Now, if you don't have a Mac, what do you do? Well, you can use a service called rent a Mac.io. And this allows you to remote desktop from your PC into the Mac to use Xcode and the iOS simulator, which we'll talk about in this video. But as you can see here, you can develop iOS apps like this. And these Macs were built for development. Now, in terms of pricing, it can get down to as low as a couple of dollars a day. And as you can see, these are pretty up-to-date Macs and you can get immediate access because there aren't very many services like that out there for PC users. I negotiated a discount with them, especially for you and other Code with Chris viewers. So, you can check out in the description below. There's a link to rent.io and you will get a discount on your plan and I will get a referral bonus as well at no extra cost to you. So, thank you if you use that. Now, I will say that this service isn't for everybody. If you are planning to do this long term, then investing in a refurbished Mac or a used Mac, I would say no more than two years old would be a good place to be in and that Mac will last you another 4 years or so. But if you are unsure of iOS development, you're not sure if this is for you, if you can get a handle on it, that's perfectly normal. This is a good way to get your feet wet and try it out if you don't have access to a Mac right now. All right, so now that we all have access to Xcode, let's dive in and start our first Xcode project. So launching Xcode for the first time, you might get a dialogue that pops up asking you to install additional components like which platforms you want. By default, Mac will be selected. And you can also select iOS, right? And go ahead and install those developer components. After all of that is done, you're going to be presented with a new project screen that looks like this. So we are going to start by creating a new project by hitting this or you can go up to file. You can go up to new and you can choose project. Same thing. It will present to you a dialogue. As we said, Xcode can be used to develop for all different platforms on the Apple ecosystem. We are going to choose iOS and we're going to choose app. Then go ahead and click next. And I'm going to make this very simple for you. For the project name, just type in test because we're just exploring here. team. You don't have to choose anything. The organization identifier is going to be com whatever your name is or company name is. And together with the product name, that's going to be a specific ID for your app. As for interface, it should be set to Swift UI. Make sure it is not on storyboard. That's the older way of doing things. Language is set to Swift. And testing system and storage, both none. Let's go ahead and hit next. This is where you're going to save it. I'm just going to save it on my desktop. And make sure this is unchecked. We don't need to worry about this for now. Let's go ahead and hit create. And then you're going to have a brand new XCO project, your first one. Now, it's going to look overwhelming because there's going to be a lot of panels and there's going to be a lot of buttons. Let me just expand this a little larger so that we can see what's going on. You can also there's a divider here. You can adjust it like that. And then we're going to go through the different sections of Xcode now. So there used to be five main sections of Xcode, but now there are six. And we'll get to that sixth one in just a second. Let's start all the way on the left with the navigator area. Now, this is navigating currently your files in your project. There are different tabs. These are different navigators for navigating through different things, whether they be issues in your project or maybe search terms that you're looking for or anything like that. Most of the time, you'll probably be in this first navigator, which is the project navigator, going through the different files in your project. You'll also notice that as I tap on these different files, that this main area changes. This main area is called the editor area and it changes depending on what file you're trying to edit. Makes sense, right? If I'm looking at a code file that has a view, it's going to be split into code as well as a canvas where you can see a preview of what that view will look like. If it is just a code file that doesn't show any view, then you're not going to see the canvas. And you can also customize how this looks. We won't dive into that right now. If I look at this, this is for adding images into the project. So, it's going to look a little different as well. Don't worry, we'll walk through all of these different file types and how you use them. But for now, this middle area is the editor area. On the right hand side, we have the utility area and this contains information, sometimes configuration as well about the different files. It can also give information about different pieces of code. For example, this utility is a quick help where depending on where you are highlighting and putting your mouse, it's going to give you information about that code. So that's the utility area. Across the top, this is the toolbar, and this is going to be really important. Right here, you're going to see stop and run. This is to stop and run your project, respectively. Hitting run is going to launch the iOS simulator, which is something we'll talk about later in this video. It's a virtual iPhone that sits on your screen so that you can test your app even if you don't have an actual iPhone or device. Also, across the top here, you can to choose what version of the simulator you want to use. So, maybe you want to test it on an iPad, you can do that. And then on the toolbar, you also see status of what's happening in your project. Here you have a little navigational breadcrumb. And this is very helpful when you are jumping between files in your project. All right, we're almost done with the sections of Xcode. There's a hidden one down here that you can uncover by hitting that button right here. This area is hidden by default because this is very useful as you are building your project. It's going to show output from your code. It's going to show errors and different things like that here. This is the debug or console area. We're going to be using this area when we start coding. For now, let's keep it hidden. And there is one new sixth area of Xcode. That is the coding assistant. So, if you tap on this, it takes away the navigator. It turns into a coding assistant. And we'll set this up in just a second. However, I want to say one last thing about the different areas of Xcode because you can hide and show the various areas. So, if I tap on this button, it's going to hide or show the navigators. If I tap on this button, it's going to hide or show the utility area. Furthermore, this button allows me to customize the editor a little bit, but let's not dive into that just yet. You can also go into the view menu and you can show or hide different areas of Xcode. So the navigator is here. You can could do that and show it again. The inspectors inside the utility area. Furthermore, we have the debug area or console which we talked about the tray that sits at the bottom. And let's talk about set up the coding assistant. Now you can tap on this button to do that. So if you hit setup, I would recommend just sticking with chat GPT for now and not diving into cloud or anything like that. This will be the simplest to get started with. So go ahead and go through this and turn it on. By default, XO26 will give you um free tokens or free credits to use with Chat GPT, which is what makes it really easy to get started with. If you already have an account, you can sign in and use your own limits and things like that, but this is completely sufficient for us. All right, so those are the main areas of Xcode. I know it's a little bit overwhelming because we haven't put it into context. So now I want to take a look at the actual project that's been created for us. Let's start actually using Xcode and a lot of the pieces will fall into place. Let's start by taking a look at the project that we've created. What is in a new project? Click this button to go back to the file navigator. And I want to take a look at this first node here. This is your Xcode project file. And it contains all of the configuration and properties for the project. If you tap on it in the editor area, you're going to see all the project configuration. Here you can decide what platforms you want this app to be able to run on. You can choose what version of iOS you want to target as a minimum. You can specify the app name. You can specify the orientations. These are just a couple of the options. There's a lot of different options here. The reason you don't see any of the files is because you can expand and close that. Now, I want to actually bring up the actual files on your hard drive when you create the project. So, let me go ahead and open that folder. So, you'll see that this we called our project test, right? Test.x Xcode project. This is your project file and it contains all of this configuration. They're not the actual code files in your project. However, those are stored inside another folder here. Right now, you can see how it maps to the file navigator here. This is your Xcode project file. This is the folder containing actually all of the code and uh image files for your project. So if I bring back up here, this you're going to see test app.sswift. These have a Swift extension. There's that content view. It's right here. And assets.xc assets. This is another folder. If you open it up, it actually contains more folders. And the reason it's like this is because this is for your image assets and different color definitions for your app. Inside Xcode, this folder actually doesn't appear as a folder. If you tap into it, the editor area changes into this. The reason why this is not a folder is because it's easier to manage like an image catalog. So, as you're going to see in the next lesson, when we add images to our project, we're going to add it right here to our image catalog. And you could also specify colors and your app icons here. All of that gets stored inside this folder here, assets.xc assets. So, that's a simple explanation of what an Xcode project actually is and how it gets represented inside Xcode. Now, let's go ahead and make some code changes. Now, let me explain what these two files are. So, if you open test app, you'll notice that there is an at main. This specifies the main entry point for your app. It's kind of like the launching point, if you will. Here you can specify different things you want to happen at launch. You're going to be writing code in here if you need to. But also notice that it creates a content view. You don't need to know what it is or how that works right now. I just want you to see the connection between content view here in the app launchpoint and content view here in this content view.sswift file. Then notice that this code file actually opens up the canvas here because there's a view. You notice the keywords view here. Don't dive too deep into it. I just wanted to explain what these different files are. This is actually a screen in your app. So if you just take a step back, right, this is the app launch point and it creates a screen maps to this screen. This is what the user is going to see at this point when they launch your app. Right? If you don't see this canvas, this preview here, you can click on this button and you can make sure that the canvas is toggled on. This gives you a preview of what this code generates. We're not going to dive specifically into the code right now because it's going to be for next lesson. But I do want to walk through a little change with you. Again because we have selected content view on the file navigator our editor area changes to edit that file and this is the code inside. I just want you to make a simple change. You see this line of code right here text open bracket quotation mark hello world and then end quotation and end bracket. You can actually change the text here in between the quotation marks. So you can get rid of it. What happens? The text is gone because there is no text, right? So you can say anything you want. Let's just put our name there. And you can see it immediately reflected in the canvas. Now sometimes it might say canvas is paused and you're going to have to click a little button to resume the canvas reflecting the code. So you can go ahead and do that. But the canvas is a great way to get a preview of what you're building. You can even interact with the canvas. In the case where there are buttons or sliders or something like that, we're not going to dive into that right now because I do want to show you how to test your app inside the iOS simulator which we mentioned earlier in this video. So, up here in the Xcode toolbar, you're going to choose I would choose iPhone 17 Pro or a different simulator. Whatever version of Xcode you're running, just choose one of the iPhone simulators. And then what you're going to do is hit this play icon which runs your project. So if you had any coding errors, let's say that when you were making this text change, you accidentally erased one of those quotes. Well, that's actually going to give you an error and it's not going to run. So make sure that you didn't break anything when you're changing this text. Make sure it's text open bracket quote and then the text end quote end bracket. Now, when you hit that run button that I just did, you can see in the status bar right here what it's doing behind the scenes because there's no visual indication right now, right? It's installing the app onto an iPhone 17 Pro simulator. And if it's the first time running the simulator, it's going to take a little while to boot up. So, expect this to take a couple of minutes. But after that, every time you hit this run button, it's going to be pretty fast within 5 6 seconds type of thing. But the first time is going to take a couple of minutes. So I'm just going to fast forward the video a little bit here. And sometimes as well, it doesn't pop it up right on the screen. So if you look in your toolbar, you're going to see the iOS simulator button look like this. Click it and it will actually pop this up so you can see it. See, it's launching the iPhone right now. Um, and then it's going to install our app onto it. I'm getting these popups because it's the first time running this simulator here. Okay. Finally, we see our app on the screen. So, this is our text change as well. So, you can see how it translates to launching an app, right? This is the entry or app launch point. It creates the first view. And if you click into content view, you can see exactly how that view looks right here based on the the code that is written right here. And then when you launch that app, you can see it actually reflected like this. So pretty simple to understand, right? In the next lesson, once we learn some Swift UI code that we can use to customize the user interface or the views, you're going to be able to see something different. Okay, so that's your very basic app. And what makes it more complex would be as you learn more Swift UI code, you're going to be building views and user interfaces that are a lot more complex than this. You are also going to be adding additional views. Aside from just content view, you're going to be providing ways to navigate from view to view, right? And then as you learn Swift code for the app logic, you are going to be able to add functionality so that when the user interacts with the screen, you can make something happen. Okay. So to get out of this, you can hit the stop button right here and that is going to stop running the project. You can see up here finished running test on iPhone 17. And then it's gone right now. Now this simulator is going to stay launched. If you're done with the simulator, you can hit X to close it. However, having this simulator up and running lets you launch your app really quickly the next time you hit this run button. So, it's just going to launch it almost instantaneously. Okay. So, I do want to talk about the AI panel. So, let's stop the project and hit on AI. Now, as a learner, you want to have a more inquisitive approach to using AI in Xcode. If you are a vibe coder, you don't want to learn. You're just going to be using the AI to tell it to do things for you. But you're here in this video series because you want to learn. So I would advise you to instead of writing prompts to say do this for me or build this UI for me or do this for me to instead say I want to accomplish this. How do I go about doing that? What are the best ways to do that? What are my options to do that? And that can apply to code. That can also apply to just Xcode in general. So, for example, this video we're talking about learning how to use Xcode, right? Let's say you forget about how to hide the inspector panel. How do I hide the utility or let's use the terminology that they use. So, you're asking questions about Xcode, right? So you get instructions about that. Don't worry about memorizing everything that we talked about in this lesson because you can have chat GPT here as an assistant for anything that you might forget. So you might also ask remind me what test app file is. We talked about how that's the app entry point, but this can remind you of that in case you forget. Having this panel is an amazing tool for anyone who's learning Xcode and iOS app development. And it's better than using Chat JPT or Claude in the web browser because it's contextual to Xcode. For example, if I'm just writing these prompts inside ChatgBT in a browser, it's not going to know what I'm talking about. But in the context of this project, it's just like having someone beside you, your instructor or me, right? You're asking me a question and I'm just telling you and I'm pointing it out to you right then and there. So use it, use it as a learning tool, right? As we go along in the series, I'll give you more examples of what you can do with the panel. But for now, I want you to treat this panel as if I'm sitting there and you can ask me anything you want as we're going through these lessons. All right. So now you have a working practical knowledge of Xcode and you're ready to go to the next step which is actually writing Swift UI code. And don't be intimidated. I'm going to walk you through it step by step. It's going to be very simple. I will say a couple of things at this point. Number one, if you don't feel familiar yet with Xcode, it still feels very foreign. That's completely normal. All it takes is a little bit more time. And I'm here with you every step of the way through these lessons. you will get used to using it, especially just the core pieces, right? And for now, that's all you're going to need. If you feel like you need some additional help or you want some personalized support, do check out our CC plus program which includes access to a community where you can stay motivated. You can connect with other likeminded learners. But more than that, you can get support from the team and I. It also includes live training workshops and it also includes hours of courses that you can take at your own pace. All right, with that said, I'll see you in the next lesson. Welcome to lesson three. So, to do a quick recap of your journey so far, you've got a map of your journey. You've gotten an overview of Xcode, but now we are going to dive into Swift UI code. And this will actually help you get used to using Xcode. Now, the reason I start with Swift UI code, which is for describing all of the views and the screens, instead of starting with Swift code, which is to express the app logic, is because Swift UI code is a lot more fun. And for a beginner who's just starting out, to be able to write some code and see something show up on the screen that they did that with their lines of code, that gives positive reinforcement and that makes things fun. In my experience as a teacher teaching this stuff for over 10 years, that makes a huge difference for a student wanting to continue versus one that just gets overwhelmed and gives up. And I don't want that to be you. So, we're starting with Swift UI. Don't worry, though. Even though it is code, by the end of this lesson, you'll see that it's actually very easy to understand. And in a way, it's almost visual because you'll see a line of code, but in your head, you'll be translating it to, oh, that represents an image, or oh, this line of code represents a text label. All right, let's get started. I want to introduce you to Swift UI by showing you how to build this card. Now, there's a lot of interesting things happening in this card, but when you break it down, it's actually pretty simple. The way I want you to think of Swift UI is like you're constructing Lego. For example, this piece of text is a Lego piece. This image is another Lego piece. And once you know what Lego pieces you have available, you begin to have an idea of how you can put them together to form something like this. So, let's start by introducing you to some of the Lego pieces that you can use. So, right here I have the Xcode project we worked on earlier. If you still have that, go ahead and launch that now because we're going to take a look at some of the pre-done code for us that's inside the content view. So, I'm going to close this debug area by pressing that button. And then also notice that my canvas is paused. I'm going to hit this button to resume the canvas. The first Lego piece that I want to call out to you is something that you've already worked on. Oh, so here is a button that you can click to zoom in on your preview inside your canvas. So, there's these buttons down here. And I'm going to be showing you things like that as we move along rather than trying to show you every single function and button up front because that's going to be overwhelming. So, like I said, you have worked with this already by changing the text. So, this is your first Lego. It allows you to put a piece of text on the screen. I want you to ignore all of the other code for now and just focus on this line 17. It's pretty intuitive, right? You see the word text and then inside brackets is the text that you want to display, but you have to put it in a pair of quotes. You can also make it multiple lines. So for example inside here I can say teaches ipos but if I want to add a new line I just need to add that character there. Okay so let's do that slash n. Pretty simple right? If you wanted to display another text you can. Let's do that. This is fun. Pretty simple. If you launch this app right now in the simulator, this is exactly what you're going to see. You are building a user interface. Okay. Second piece of Lego. This image right here. Now, I want you to ignore these two lines, but just take a look at this line right up here. Notice that the keyword is image instead of text. This piece of Lego is used to display images or icons and it follows the same format. You have image then you have a set of brackets and inside the brackets you are going to put what you want to display. Now notice that it says globe inside a pair of quotes but it doesn't actually have the word globe on the screen. Why is this? because this piece of text globe is actually referring to that icon in the system library of icons. So that's what this means here. System name colon and then the name of the icon that you want to display. So how do we see this catalog of icons that we can use? Well, these icons are actually called SF symbols. And if you do a Google search for SF symbols, there's actually an app that you can download from Apple that you can browse this catalog of icons. So, I have it installed. You can go ahead and go to this website and you can hit this download button and you can go ahead download this free app. Um, you probably want to download the latest one there. And then you're going to get a catalog of icons. Let me show you what that looks like. So, here I have it launched. You can do a search, but let's just for example use this icon right here. The name of this icon is square.n.row.up.fill. You can just go ahead rightclick it, copy the name. And then you can come here and replace the name inside quotes. You have to specify in quotes and paste it in there. And you can see the icon has changed. So that's a quick and easy way to display icons in this catalog. There are a lot of icons. If it doesn't exist, like the icon that you want to display, you can always create an image and display it as an image instead of as an icon in the system library. We're going to get to displaying images in just a second. Okay, but I want to show you one more way that you can access these SF symbols. Someone's created this an online SF symbols browser. So, you can also look at it from here. It's kind of hard to see. Personally, I like to have this app available for me and it's free anyways. So, that's one way to use this image Lego block. Another way is that you can display actual image assets that you add to the project. So, we mentioned the asset library before. So, go ahead and click on it and you can drag and drop any image that you want in here. So, let me go ahead and find an image to use. It can even be a PDF. So, I'm just going to grab something that I have available on my desktop, delivery box. PDF, and I'm just going to put it right there. So, you can see that's what it looks like. And what just happened by me dragging that file into my asset library. Well, number one, it has actually copied that image inside of our project directory. So, let's open up where we saved our project. And remember how I told you that all the files are here. And then the asset library is actually a folder. If we open this folder, you're going to see there, there's my delivery box. It's in its own little folder. And there is my file. So that means that when we're ready to launch this app into the app store, when we turn this project into a bundle to upload to the app store, it's going to include this image asset in there. The second thing is that by putting it into my project, it's given it a name. I can rename this. The reason the name is important is because I need to be able to refer to this image asset by name. So right now it's delivery space box. If I just tap on it, just click it once, wait a couple of seconds, I can edit it. Maybe I'll just call it box so that it's easy to reference. Okay, so this image name is called box. If I go back to content view now, I can specify instead of saying system library icon name, I'm just going to reference box. Okay, so I'm going to just delete all of that. So all I have is image with a pair of brackets. And I'm going to use a pair of quotes to specify my image name. As you can see, no image appears now because I haven't specified it. But as soon as I put box, my box shows up. Awesome. So now you know two Swift UI Lego pieces. Now let's turn our attention to these two lines of code. What are these? Now we talked about the image, text, and text, but these follow a different format. Right? These are dot something. And it's almost as if these two are attached to our image. In fact, it is. These two are called modifiers. And what they do is they modify how this Lego block behaves or looks. And you can kind of infer what this modifies by reading it.cale.large. It's scaling it up. Style.tint. Now, this one is a little less obvious, but it's trying to change the foreground color to the tint color. I'm going to remove these two lines because it applied to the system icon when we had the globe icon, but it doesn't apply to this new image box because the way an image behaves is different from the way the icon behaves. So, for now, I'm just going to get rid of that. Instead, what I'm going to do is show you an example of a modifier on our text label. I'm going to hit enter and then dot. And here we can change, let's say, the the color of the text. So, I'm going to choose foreground. I'm going to start typing. I'm going to choose foreground style. This first one right here. Going to choose that. You or you could just hit enter. And then I'm going to hit dot. And I'm going to be able to choose uh let's say just red. Hit enter. And now you can see that our text changes red because this has modified how this Lego piece looks. Now I've been saying Lego pieces and you can kind of see what the analogy is like. I'm going to stop using that analogy because I don't want it to ingrain in your head because that's not the proper word to use. The proper terminology is a view, but you can think of it as a component, a Lego piece, an element. It's just a thing on the screen. So, here's our image view. Here's our text view with a red modifier. Here is another text view. Now, your mind might immediately be racing and thinking, what other views are there? What other modifiers are there? We'll get to that in time, but follow along because I'm building up how Swift UI works. Okay, so right now we have two different views that you know of, image and text. It's not good enough just to be able to put these views onto the screen because it's not going to look the way we want. We need to be able to arrange these views in certain ways. For example, all three of these views are one on top of another, right? We have the box, then we have the red label, then we have the black label. Well, how is that happening? Is it because we've just written it like this? Image, text, text. No, actually, it's because of this right here. This is another view. It's called a vstack. And what it does is it arranges things vertically. That's what the V stands for. But here's the thing. You can't actually see the vstack, but it's still called a view. Think of it as a view container or a layout view. So how it works is you've got the keyword vstack right there. And then notice that it's got a different type of bracket. It's got a curly bracket. And when I highlight this, you can see that that briefly highlights as well because the vstack works like this. There's an opening curly bracket. And let me just get rid of this for now. I'm going to cut it. It's got an opening curly bracket and an ending curly bracket. Whatever views I put inside of here gets arranged vertically. So that's why having the image and the two text views in here, they're arranged vertically. It's because they're inside this vstack. So that's basically all Swift UI is. I'm sorry to disappoint, but it's basically declaring view elements and then using view layout containers to arrange them in however way you want and then adding modifiers to the views to get them to look just right. Instead of boring you by doing more demonstrations, let's learn by doing and let's attempt to build this card interface. So, take a good look at it because we're going to go back into Xcode and we're going to turn our test demo into this card. So, we're going to start by adding the Niagara Falls image asset here. Now, you don't have to use this specific image asset, but if you want to, I'll provide a link below in the video for you to get the image asset. No email necessary, or you just get any image you want. So, I'm going to go ahead and drag this image over here. It's going to be Niagara Falls and all lowercase like that. As you can see the image right there. So let's go back to the content view. We are going to keep the vstack because if you noticed in the card there is really the image and then there is like the title and then the description and some icons. We need a vstack for that. And instead of getting rid of the image and text elements, we can actually reuse them. So for the image up here, let's change it from box to Niagara Falls and then it's going to display this image. Now it's going to be full screen because the image is actually really really big. So we need to resize that down and we can do that using modifiers. So first of all, there is a modifier called resizable and it allows you to resize the image. So I'm going to say resizable. Going to do that. But you'll notice now that the image is really skewed. Doesn't look like it looks really squished. So, we are going to want to add another modifier to maintain the aspect ratio. And if you've never heard of that term before, it's basically maintaining the ratio between the width and the height, scaling it up or down, but maintaining that ratio so that it doesn't appear squished. So, there's an aspect ratio modifier which we can use. That's this up one. This first one right here. And if you hit dot, you're going to be able to choose a content mode. There's two different ones. So the difference you can read in the description down here. Content mode fit, it resizes the content so that it's all within the available space. Whereas fill, it tries to occupy all available space. You can just do both to see how that works. Let's try fit first. And so it looks like that. Whereas fill looks like that. So quite different. But however, in either case, it's not squished anymore. It's just cropped. So where do you fit? Because that looks like most of what we need. At this point, you might be wondering, well, how are you supposed to know what sorts of modifiers you can put on a view? This is where the AI assistant would come in handy. So you can say what other modifiers are available for my image view or you could look up documentation for this as well. But let's just see what this comes up with first. So here it gives you some examples of different types of modifiers. For example, for shape and masking for here's another one. Corner radius for rounded corners which is actually what we're going to need. You can add borders and overlays. Again, really, really great. If you know what you want, but you're not sure if there is a modifier, again, you can ask Chachi PD. And I'm doing this for the sake of demonstration so that you know potentially what sorts of things you can ask AI. I want to round the corners of my image. What modifiers can I use or what options do I have? Right? And this is very different from saying to AI round the corners of my image because that is not learning right it's well it's going to do it and then I guess you could review the code but instead of doing that I think that having this step where you're asking it what your options are and how you can do it it helps you gain the knowledge more because you then have to read and then you have to apply it yourself and just that very act of doing it increases your learning. So, let's see what it said. Um, okay. So, corner radius. There's also clip shape or you circle. So, it gave us several options already. The most straightforward one is this one. Corner radius. Okay. Oh, look. It also showed this one. Scaled to fit. You could do that instead of aspect ratio. So, wow. Look, you learned something just by asking and reading. So, let's try this out. Instead of using aspect ratio, why don't we use scale to fit? Gives us the same result. Nothing's changing in the preview. Perfect. And this is exactly how you are going to go through the process of learning with AI. Corner radius will be deprecated in a future version of iOS. Use clip shape or fill instead. So that's not good. But let's just try it out. See if it's going to work for us. And indeed it does. But remember, we were recommended to use clip shape instead. Look, we can even just copy this code and then we can just paste it here. Oh, it even it's in context, right? It it knows this image. So I I can copy this whole thing and I can replace this. Okay. And so now let's just move this canvas a little smaller. You can see rounded rectangle corner radius 16 style continuous. Okay. Even though corner radius is going to be deprecated, it's so much easier to use, right? Okay, so I love that example of using AI to learn. We've got the image down. Let's change this text. Next, this is going to be Niagara Falls. And let's get rid of the red because it wasn't red. But what we want to do is change this to a bigger font. Right? So, we can change it with a modifier. And I'm going to open the brackets. And in between the brackets, I'm going to hit dot. And I'm actually going to choose title. There's different sizes you can use. So the more that you see me do this, the more you are going to learn and remember that these are modifiers that you can use or you could just ask AI. Let's make that also a little bolder. So there is a bold modifier that you can add to it as well. And then for this one, I'm going to say come visit for an experience lifetime. It's not really that exciting. I I mean, I live in Canada. I live in Ontario and I've been here. It's exciting, but it's not that exciting. I'm definitely writing a brochure here. We want to left align all the text because that's the way it is in the card. Now, there is an easy way to do that with the vstack here. You can actually specify some options for your vstack. You see how a lot of the times it's like the view name and then brackets for options and things like that and configuration. Same thing with vstack. So put that and then there's actually you if you hit dot you can choose leading. I'm actually missing something here. Okay, this is a great chance to learn as well. Now, the way that I can know what options there are for the vstack is a watching other people do it through experience like watching tutorials and stuff like this. Two, you can use the quick help the utility panel right here. So, if you click over to this quick help inspector and you put your cursor on vstack or maybe just highlight it like that, it gives you some information. But what we can also do is ask AI. So you can say what config options are available for vstacks and then you can learn and you can dive deeper into vstacks and learn about that. So it it actually even detects the error that we have here. And again this is why it's so great using this instead of just chat gpt in the browser. It wouldn't have known about any of this and it would talk about vstack generically whereas this is contextual. So, it's telling me that, hey, you actually need the alignment label here. Okay, that's how you're going to change it to leading. Now, if I didn't do this and I just see this error here, right, you can always click this and sometimes it is going to just show you the fix. You can just hit apply. If it doesn't show this, look, it's got this generate. So, this would then call AI to take a look at what's wrong and offer suggestions. It's easier than ever for beginners to use Xcode. You don't have to be stuck anymore. So, let's hit apply. Boom. Alignment colon.leing. Now, you can see all of our text is actually left aligned exactly how we wanted. All right. Now, let's build the little star review widget beside the Niagara Falls title. For this, you're going to need something that can lay out our views horizontally. Guess what? Just like how there's a vstack, there is an H stack, which stands for horizontal stack. We are going to put our title into an H stack and then also put the stars into the H stack. So, first of all, let's code an H stack. Here we are going to open up the curly brackets there. And just in case I didn't mention this before, in order to type out these curly brackets, you hold shift and right beside the letter P, there's angle brackets, right? So you hold down shift and you press those angle brackets or square brackets and you get these curly brackets. Okay, so we're going to make some space between the two curly brackets and we're going to put our text element in there. I'm going to hold down command X, cut it, command V to paste it. And so we've got our title there, but let's put some stars. Now, here we can use SF symbols. That's why it's handy to have this app. And here we have search for star. We've got some stars. Let's use this one. Star fill. Copy the name. And how do we use these again? We use the image view, right? open brackets system name. Okay. And then we specify the icon name in a set of quotes. Star fill. So we've got one star. Then we're going to copy this line and we're going to paste it four times for four stars. I'm going to copy the half star as well. And the last one is going to be a half star. So let's just actually copy make one more copy here and change this to a half star. So now I've got four and a half stars. Now I want to create some space between Niagara Falls and the five stars. There is a view called a spacer and what it does is it expands as big as possible to take up all the space. So you see how we have this H stack. It lays things out horizontally, right? We have the text view and then we have a bunch of image views right beside each other and then we have this empty space. So all of the empty spaces at the end. If we want to put the empty space in between, I would put a spacer right here. This is how it looks. Spacer followed by pair of brackets. And you can see now that's our spacer. it expands to take up as much space as possible, pushing the title all the way to the left and putting pushing the stars all the way to the right. Okay, so now we've got our stars, but if you take a look at the card image, we also have a little piece of text below the stars and also the stars are smaller as well. So let's take a look at how we can do that using Lego pieces or views that we already have. So, what I'm going to do is I'm going to use a vstack which puts things vertically and I want to put the stars on top and then I want to put a text label below. Right? So, my vstack, there's my vstack open curly bracket and curly bracket is going to contain my five stars. put them in there. Plus a text label that says reviews 361. Again, we're just making up this number. And you can see there, but it's laying all the elements vertically. What we can do is inside this vstack, we can put these five stars in, you guessed it, an H stack. So, let's go ahead do that. So, I'm going to write hstack inside the vstack. open up the bracket here and behind the five image views close the curly bracket. So now you can see that now if you notice in the outcome the card we actually have stars that are orange as well as everything is a lot smaller. So you saw an example of changing color for the text earlier. Well that would also apply for the icons. We could do it with these icons. Instead of applying the modifier on every single image, I'll show you what that would look like. I can say foreground style. That would just change one star. But I'm not going to apply it to that single image. I'm going to apply it to the vstack, which contains the five stars and the text. Take a look at what happens. It applies it to everything inside the vstack. That's what we want. We also want to make it a lot smaller. So, let's add another modifier. This one's going to be a font one dot caption. This is a size. Caption is a size. Notice that it changes the text and the image icons. And that is because SF symbols, they can be treated like text as well. Different from this Niagara Falls image. If you add a font caption to the Niagara Falls image, it's not going to make it smaller. It's only because for these icons, it's also treated like text. That's why you can apply these foreground colors and, you know, font sizes to them. Okay, we're doing very well. Let's take a look at the card again. And we also have some icons at the very bottom below the description. So, let's go ahead and add that. So at this point, your Swift UI code is getting quite long and it might be hard to read. Well, you can kind of collapse your container views. Kind of like when we collapse this folder inside the file navigator. You can see here I can close the folder. Same thing can be done with this vstack. I can close it. And the way you do that, you can either do it with shortcut keys or you can go up here into editor and then you go to code folding and you can fold or unfold. So take a look at the shortcut keys there. Right? Command option left arrow or right arrow. Okay. So let's fold. See what happens there. You see it's like collapsing the vstack. And if you want to expand it, you can double click on these three dots or you can use the shortcut key or the menu item to unfold it. And this actually keeps things organized and easy for you to read. I'm also going to collapse this H stack. Here we go. So now I can see I have the image. I have the H stack which contains the title and the stars. I have the description. And below this I also want to put the uh the icons. So I'm going to create another H stack. And I'm going to put image system name. And let's take a look at what we have here. We've got this one, fork. Knife. So, we're going to copy the name actually. And we're going to put it in there. Copy this. We're going to have another one. We're going to use this one. Binoculars fill. Okay. And then we are going to push it all the way to the right. Remember, we have a view that can help us do that, right? I'm going to add a spacer on the left. Going to expand and push all of these icons to the right. Furthermore, I want to change the foreground color of these to gray. And see, I'm moving faster now is because you've done this before. I'm going to change the font to caption as well. As you get more used to it, you can type this out and you can already envision it in your head and you can work really fast. Okay, so that looks pretty good, but the spacing is an issue, right? I want to um add some spacing vertically between the different elements. Well, the vstack actually has another configuration parameter that you can configure. I hit comma. I add spacing colon and I can specify the amount of spacing between each element. I'm going to put 20 so you can see how that looks like. You can always change it and you can see how it gets reflected. If I do 40, you can see there's a big difference, right? 20 is where it's at. So I have to ask you, are you pretty amazed at what you've done so far? From not knowing any Swift UI code to being able to build something like this, we are nearly there and I hope everything has been very easy to understand so far. The last thing we have to do is to create a card background and a little drop shadow which will be done within 20 seconds. So, let me collapse all the stuff in the vstack because we want to apply the change to everything to the entire vstack containing all of the views, right? I am going to fold that up. Remember you can go to editor code uh code folding to just do what I did or you can use the shortcut keys. But there is a modifier here that says padding. Let me get rid of that so you can see what happens when I do. Look, our borders are gone. Our margins now it's like sticking to the edge of the screen. So what padding does is it gives by default 20 points of margin on the left, right, top and bottom. Now you can specify which edges you want but by default it applies 20 and to all sides which is actually fine for us. Right now we are going to add an additional modifier um to create a background for the card and the modifier is background. Now, this modifier is a little bit special because it allows you to specify another view as the background. So, you notice how for this I I got rid of the pair of brackets here because you can keep it. You can specify additional configuration options for the background, but we don't need to. And then it's got a set of curly brackets. By now, I think you're starting to realize that when you see a set of these curly brackets, it means that things go in between them, like other views. It's kind of like a container view. So, for this background, I want to put this new view that you haven't seen yet. It's a new Lego piece. And this is called a rectangle. It's actually a shape. So, that's what it is. By default, it black. But don't worry, we're going to change the color of it. We are going to change it to. And to change the color of the rectangle, you use foreground style. And we are going to choose a different color. For example, you choose blue. We'll leave it at blue for now because ultimately I want white, but it's going to be hard to see um if it's white against the white background. So, let's leave it at blue right now so we can see what we're working with. Then I want to round the corners of it. So just like how we did, let's expand this. Just expand right here. What we did with the image, right? We can copy this modifier. Scroll down and we can apply it to our blue rectangle. So now you can see it's rounded right here. Perfect. That looks like a card, right? And then furthermore, we can add a drop shadow. There's an actually easy modifier we can use for that. Dot shadow. Take that. Let's just say 15 for our shadow. And although it's a little hard to see, especially with the blue rectangle against the edges. So, what we can do is we can add um additional padding to our card. So you see how we have padding here and then the background. And then after the background, we're just going to add another set of padding like that. Now let's change the blue background to white by changing this dot blue to do white. And then it's a little more easy to see the shadow there. So I would consider this done. But if you really want to copy the image that I showed you in the beginning, we are missing a teal background. For that, you're going to have to learn about a new view layout container. So, you know about VStack, you know about HStack. There's one more. It's called ZStack or Zstack if you're Canadian like I am. And this actually allows you to stack things on top of each other, right? Vstack, vertical, H stack, horizontal, Zstack, or Zstack on top of each other. So, let's collapse this entire vstack so it's easier to see. We can collapse this background as well. Okay. And what we want to do is essentially create a Zstack, put a color as the base layer, and then put this entire VStack on top of it. Does that make sense? Let's try it out. So, we are going to type in Z stack. I'm going to call it a Z stack. Hopefully, that doesn't bother you. And to specify a color that completely fills the view, you can use the color view. And then you can configure it inside this pair of brackets using dot. You can do let's say that is there a teal? Yes, there's a teal. Is that a different teal than what I used? Yeah, I didn't use teal. I used dot Oh, mint. All right, that's what I meant to use. And then we are going to take this entire vstack and we are going to put it right here. So if you can imagine the Z stack, then we put the color and now we're going to put the the V stack on top of the color. So we're going to cut that. We're going to paste it in Here we go. Why is the color not extending to all of the edges? Well, this is a great time to talk about the safe area. So, the safe area is the white spaces that you see, and it is designated for things like the battery indicator, the time. Down here, there's like a little bar that uh you can drag up to switch apps. So, those are areas that iOS says you shouldn't block this area. You shouldn't put views here because it might obstruct those other indicators that the user needs to see. But if you really really have to, we've given you a modifier to allow you to go into those areas. So the modifier is called we're going to add it to the color because we want the color to go into the safe areas. Dot ignores safe area. Pretty self-explanatory, right? So then it'll go exactly as we expect. It covered every single region. So, I think you should be pretty proud of yourself from not knowing any Swift UI code in the beginning to now being able to build this yourself. And you learned all of that in less than an hour. You also learned about a variety of new Swift UI views that you can use, a variety of view containers for laying out all of the different elements on your screen. Beyond that, you can always continue to follow more tutorials and learn more, assimilate, right, by doing, or you can use the AI assistant to ask questions about how you would accomplish certain things or what views are available for sliders and drop downs and switches and things like that. So again, congratulations. Wow, in three lessons, you've done quite a lot here. You've learned how to use Xcode. You've learned Swift UI code. And you are writing and coding your own views. That's huge. And although you only have a few Lego bricks to play with right now, you are going to accumulate more knowledge on more Swift UI views as you go along. And your tool belt or your chest of Legos, they're going to grow. So over time, you're going to be able to build more complex user interfaces. Now, the last step is to learn Swift code. But we're only three lessons in. Does it really take five lessons to learn Swift code? Well, we are actually going to be building an app together, which is going to tie everything together. And so, that's what we're going to get started on in the next lesson. Before we do that though, if you want to check your work so to speak and you want to download the project which I used in the video so that you can just check your Swift UI code against mine, I have a link in the description below the video where you can download it. All right, I'll see you in the next lesson. Welcome to lesson four. Now, this is a monumental point in your learning journey because you're going to be starting your first app and what we're going to be building is this war card game. I chose a game because it's more fun for students to learn and it's also going to provide just enough challenge for you to feel a sense of accomplishment as well as teach you a couple of new tricks. Furthermore, if you have a physical iPhone or device, you can actually by the end of the series install this app onto the device and you can take it around and you can show your friends and family what you built. So that's pretty cool as well. Okay, let's get started. Okay, so here's what we're going to be building. Basically, the war card game. When you hit deal, the cards get randomized and whoever wins, they get a point. So, in this lesson, we're going to focus on the user interface. As you can see here, we've got a logo image. We've got card images that change. We've got a button that you can tap that is also an image. We've got some text labels down here. and we've got a green background which is actually an image as well. Let's dive in and start this Xcode project. All right, so I've got Xcode open. We're going to create a new Xcode project. Again, you can always go to file, new, and choose project. We are going to create an iOS app here. So, let's choose iOS and choose app. Even though this is technically a game, this is a different framework for building other types of games. This is more of an app that functions as a game. We're going to choose app for the product. Make sure you name it something you like because we are going to continue building on this Xcode project over the next few lessons. So, let's go ahead and say war card game. And remember where you're going to save this. Nothing else changes. Make sure interface is Swift UI. Language is Swift. Testing and storage can both be none. Team can also be none as well. We're going to save it. I'm going to save it in day four of this series. If you want to download this project, you can go ahead check below in the description. There's a link to do so. In this source control area, make sure this is unchecked. We don't need to use this right now. Click on create. And we have our Xcode project. Now, the first thing we're going to do is to add all of the image assets that we're going to need. So, again, I have a link below where you can download these image assets. It's going to be a zip file. I'll show you what it looks like. So, it's going to look something like this. You're just going to double click it and unzip all of these images. So, there's actually a few backgrounds that I've included that you can use. There's the button uh image. There's also a bunch of card images. So, um let's go ahead and go into the asset library. and add these things. So, I'm going to click inside this folder. Just going to close all of these. Okay. Highlight all of these folders and just drag it in here. So, now we have all of the assets. So, backgrounds, we have plain cloth, two different types of wood, and then there's bunch of card images. Okay. And then we've got the logo, and we've got the button as well. So, just like we did in the previous lesson where we built the Niagara Falls card, we are going to be building the user interface for this war card game using things like the image view, the text view, H stacks, vstacks, spacers, the Z stack for the green background in the back. And that's pretty much all that's involved in building the UI that you see. So, I want to give you this opportunity to build this war card game user interface on your own because you have all of the knowledge you need. And even if you don't quite succeed, you will at least identify all of the gaps in your knowledge. And that's really, really valuable because sometimes as we're learning, we feel like we understand and we're not really applying the knowledge, but we're understanding everything that's being explained. that doesn't really translate to real skills in the sense that you can use them to produce something. And remember, if you get stuck, you can always ask the AI assistant for help. Now, try not to ask the assistant to do the whole thing for you because there will be no learning to be had if you do that. But if you get stuck, you can't get something to look a certain way, ask the AI for some options about what to do. or if you're experiencing a red error and you're not sure why, again, use the AI chat assistant and ask them why this is not working, go ahead and download the image assets, start your Xcode project, pause this video, and try it out for yourself. You're going to get so much more out of this lesson if you at least attempt it. Okay, and we're back. How did you do? Don't worry if you didn't get it exactly looking like this because I would say that any work that you put in at this point is progress and you're making a gain. There's value in it. Here's what I see when I take a look at this. Ignoring the green background for a second, just looking at the elements on the foreground, I see a vstack that contains everything vertically. We've got the logo and then we've got an H stack containing the two card images. Below that we have the deal image. And then below that we have an H stack containing two vstacks. And in each of those vstacks is the player label and player score. And then just like we did with the card demo, we put the whole vstack into a Zstack so that we can put a green background underneath of all of those elements. So, these were all elements that we learned in the previous lesson. You can go and review that if you're just jumping in at this point. It might be a little confusing to you. I'm not going to lie. But let's go ahead with that plan and build it out in Xcode. Now, all right. So, here we have our project and we have all of the image assets added here. We are going to start with the vstack. And I'm going to get rid of these two elements so that we can type it out ourselves. So remember, first we've got the logo and then we've got an H deck with the two cards. I want to show you something right now that might be useful and that is comments or documentation. You see how up here in lines 1 to six there are these double forward slashes and then there's some text here information. This is not code. It's just documentation. and Xcode is going to ignore this stuff when it runs the project. It's more for someone who's reading the code to understand what it is. We can add our own comments. So, I can add two forward slashes and then I can put logo here to remind myself about what this is. Then I can put cards. I can put button scores. This helps just organize things in my mind and lay things out. So then we can go ahead and actually add those views. So image, we've got what did we call it? I don't remember. Probably logo, right? So we've got logo, we've got button, we've got card 2 to 14, we've got background cloth. Okay. And try to memorize those things as we go. So we have logo. Uh, the canvas is still loading. Perfect. We have our logo and then we have cards. Remember, there's two cards, right? So, that's going to be an H stack. And we're going to do image card. Let's say card three. Doesn't really matter at this point, I suppose. And let's say card 11. Okay. And there's going to be some space in between them, right? So, I'm going to use a spacer to push them apart. That kind of hard to see on the white background. Would you not agree? So, what we can do is just add that green background right now so it's easier to see. Let's collapse the vstack. And let's go ahead and create our Z stack here. Okay. And then we're going to um instead of using a green color, we're going to use an image for the background. So, we're going to do image and I think it was background dash. How about dash cloth? Let's use that. Notice I'm using these arrows to navigate back and forth. They're kind of like your browser arrows. Helps you jump from file to file quickly. background dash cloth. Oh, okay. It's got like this burlap texture. I didn't see that. Let's use plain. There we go. And then I'm going to move this vstack. Command X. I'm going to put it in here so it goes on top of everything. Perfect. Okay. So, let's continue on with the button. We've got image button and then for scores we have hstack and it contains two vstacks. So there's vstack number one and there's vstack number two. And inside the vstack there's going to be two text views. So one is going to be the player and the CPU label and then underneath we're going to have the score. Wait, well this is a number, right? And that's basically all the elements that are on the screen. Now we just have to um arrange the layout a little bit, add appropriate spacing and things like that to make it look like the way we want it to. So regarding this spacer here, it is expanding to take up as much space as possible, pushing the cards all the way to the left and the right. Now, you may not have chosen to do this. You might have actually remembered that with the stacks there's a spacing configuration and you could specify maybe 50 and that would kind of give you that little gap between the cards. You might specify also here spacing 50 which would then space out all the elements. And you know what that looks pretty good. I would be pretty happy with that. I do want to show you another way though. So, let me just remove the spacing. And it has to do with the spacer. So, the spacer right now is in between the two cards, expanding to all the space and pushing the cards all the way to the left and the right. What would happen if we added a spacer to the left of the card three like that? Well, it would also compete for space. What if we added a spacer on the right side of the jack? it would also compete for space and expand. So right now there's three spacers in that hst stack all competing for space. What ends up happening is that they take up an equal amount of space each. So they divvy up the empty space between all of them. So you can do the same thing with the vstack as well. So, for example, if I add a spacer at the top here, it would push everything downwards because it's expanding, right? But if I add a spacer below the logo as well, now there's two of them competing for space. What if I add a spacer underneath the h stack of the cards? It will also demand space. What if I add a spacer below the button? it will also demand space. And then what if I put a spacer below the scores? It will also demand space. The nice thing about using spacers for spacing things out like this is that it's dynamic. You're not specifically saying 50 points or 20 points. And this keeps things dynamic for different screen sizes, for an iPad, for let's say landscape orientation, for an iPad mini, for an iPhone Pro Max versus just a regular iPhone. The spacers will just divvy up all the available space and keep things nice and equal. Let's also add spacers in between these labels here. So, we're going to add a spacer in between here. We're going to add a spacer to the left of the player stack and then add another spacer to the right of the CPU stack, thereby putting it into the middle. Now that everything's looking nice and spaced out, the last thing to deal with is customizing the font sizes and the colors. So, first of all, let's make all of the text white by adding a modifier to this H stack, which would then apply to all of the views inside of it. So, I'm going to hit dot foreground style dot white. Changes it all to white. I'm also going to apply a font sizing to the score. We're going to say font dot headline. enter. That makes the um the score bigger. We're going to say font open bracket dot large title. That's going to make that score bigger. We're going to do the same thing with the other number large title. And then we are going to apply an modifier to the player label. We're going to say font. And for this one, we're going to say headline. So I'm also going to apply the same modifier to CPU label. Then I want to add a bit of space in between the text elements. Now you can do spacing on the vstack like I showed you before like that. Or I'm going to show you a different way. I mentioned before that you can add padding to a specific edge. So that's what I want to do for this player label. I want to add padding at the bottom. So let's add an additional padding. But when you open up the brackets, you hit dot bottom. So you can see by default it adds 20 padding to the bottom. If you want to change that number, you can say comma 10. It's going to be a little less. Maybe you only want five or something like that, even less. So, we'll stick with we'll stick with the default, which is 20. We do the same thing with the CPU label here. Padding dot bottom. All right, that's our workhard game user interface. So, in this lesson, I hope the takeaway is that despite having a small collection of Swift UI views at your disposal, you can still build some pretty complicated things just by arranging them in different ways. Now that the user interface is done for this app, we need to start thinking about adding the app logic. And to do that, we need to learn some Swift code. So, this is a perfect segue into the next few lessons where we're going to explore Swift together. Again, if you want to download this Xcode project that you've seen in this video, there's a link in the description below. All right, you're doing amazing so far. In the previous lesson, you built the user interface for the war card game, but right now it doesn't do anything. We need to hook up some functionality and logic to the app which is why we are going to dive into Swift code in this lesson so that we can do that. Now the start of this Swift coding journey is going to take a couple of lessons to get the initial foundation before we can go back to the war card game and wire it up. So do have a little bit of patience and dig your heels in a little bit because there will be a little bit of challenge especially if you've not coded before. But I'm going to walk you through it in simple terms and we're going to do things together. And I'm confident that you're going to get there because I've had so many success stories of people going through these eight days and just feeling like they unlocked a new superpower. All right, let's go ahead. Let's get started. First, let me introduce you to an Xcode playground. It's a place that we can experiment with code without building a full-fledged project. So, it's not going to create a project. It's not going to create all those files. It's going to be a single file that we can write some code. We can run it and see what the results are and just experiment with it. And how you create a playground is go to file, new playground. Now, don't confuse this with the iPad playgrounds app because that's a learning app on the iPad to learn iOS app development done by Apple. Whereas Xcode playgrounds is more of like a code playground where you can experiment with things. So under iOS, let's choose blank and let's create the file. Just put it somewhere. I want you to notice that it's a lot simpler looking than Xcode project, right? Like a full project. I'm actually having a little trouble expanding this right now. Here we go. I'll point out a couple of things. So number one is there's still a navigator. Okay, but it's just this file. There's still an AI coding assistant panel which is very useful for learning code. And there is also this utility area or inspectors panel. And then down here there is still a debug panel which I'm actually going to expand. So you do that by clicking this button here because we're going to be outputting some results down here. By default, you're going to have this single line of code. You can just ignore the import statement. That's not really relevant to what we're doing right now. Before we dive into what this line of code is, also notice that if you hover your mouse along these line numbers, you'll see this play icon, and that's equivalent to the run icon that is in the full-fledged Xcode project to run your project in the simulator, except this is going to be to run the lines of code. Now I just hit that run button. If it's the first time, it's going to take a few minutes just like the iOS simulator. You can see because I've done it, it's pretty instantaneous. It shows this results panel here, but we're not going to focus on that because I actually find it a little confusing for teaching. We are going to focus on the code editor and the console area, the debug area down here. So to close this results panel, we're going to hit this icon and we're going to just say show editor only. You can always go back, hit show results here, or you can click this icon and show results here. Okay, so let's dive into the code now. I'm going to try to make this as simple as possible. Now the first thing I want to bring up is that the code that we're writing in the lessons before that code was to generate the views and the user interface. The code that we are writing now is used to express the logic or the brains behind the app. So this code will be more of taking actions and does things instead of the Swift UI that was displaying things. So let's start with a simple statement that does something. So, we're going to hit enter to start a new line and we're going to print brackets and then we are going to put quotations and we're going to put a piece of text and then we're going to hit this blue run icon beside that line of text and you should see something appear down here. Again, if this is the first time you're hitting run, it might take a few minutes for um the simulator or whatever's happening behind the scenes to run. You'll see it in the status bar up here. And then you should see the result being output down here. It printed this piece of text down here into the console. Simple enough, right? Let's try something different. What if I say print? Open up the brackets again. But this time I put greeting. What happens now? Actually, I didn't even have to hit run. It just ran it automatically. But down here, take a look at what happens. This line prints out Chris. And this line prints out hello playground. But I didn't write hello playground. I wrote greeting. Notice when I put my cursor here, it highlights that. So that gives you a clue. Well, let's read this code. This piece of text hello playground. If greeting equals that and I print out greeting, I get hello playground. Okay. H. What if I change this piece of text to hi? What do you think will happen? Well, we're about to find out. It's going to run it and then we are going to print out crisp as expected. And now when we print greeting, it says hi. So it seems to me like this greeting is referring to whatever piece of text I put here. So let's talk about that. In Swift code, this is called a variable. This var keyword is to declare a new variable. This is the variable name and it can be whatever name you want. This is how you reference the piece of data. This text is a piece of data and we're going to talk about what other types of data there are in just a second. For now, we know this is text. This equal sign is what's called an assignment operator. And it's basically assigning this piece of text to this variable. And now whenever we want to recall this piece of text or reference it, we just have to use the variable name as we do here. So what's the point of a variable anyways? Well, it's to keep track of our data. So for example, if we look at our warcard game, we need to keep track of the player score and the CPU score, right? So for example, and this might be instead of greeting, we might say player score and then we put player score here. Let's see what happens. We can get rid of that. So this outputs zero into the console. The thing is we wouldn't necessarily store the score as a piece of text because you can't do math on a piece of text. So we would probably want to store it as a number which gets us into different data types. So if I remove the quotes, you can see it's a different color. This is treated as a number. Let's take a brief look at this slide and take a look at the different data types that you can use. So there are definitely more data types than this, but I don't want to overwhelm you. Only want to expose at this point what you need to know. You've seen text data. This type of data is actually called a string. Now whole numbers, this is called an integer. This is kind of the same as math terminology. Now for decimal numbers, this data type is called a double. And one last data type I want to mention that's really useful for right now is boolean. And this is either true or false. So it's only one of these two states. So those are the only data types I want to introduce you to at this point as to not overwhelm you. So now let's jump back into the playground and try some of this stuff out. So let's declare another variable. Now declare is the word we use when we write this line var and then the variable this is creating a new variable but declare is the right word to use. So we are going to declare another variable to keep track of the CPU score and I am going to assign zero to it. Now these variables are not very useful unless we can update them and change the number. Right? So let's pretend that the player just scored a point and we want to increase the player's score. Well, we've already declared the variable up here in line three using the var keyword. We don't need to redeclare it. In fact, if we try to, we are going to get an error. So if you try to do var player score, we want to increase it, right? Want to change it to one. If you try to do this, it's going to say invalid redeclaration because it's already been declared. Now, here's a good instance where um I can show you how useful this AI panel is. For example, um you could ask it by opening the AI panel and typing it in, why is this wrong? Can you explain to me what this mean? Or you can just hit generate. Well, this actually you may not. So this will actually fix it. But if you read it, it will actually also explain to you what the issue is. It's errored because it's declared twice. In Swift, you can only declare a variable once. Okay. Subsequent changes to its value should use assignment. So let's close this for a second and take a look at what it's done for us here. So in order to change the data in the variable, we don't have to use the var keyword again. All we have to type in is the variable name equals and then the updated value. Also take a look at this. Print player score now prints one instead of zero. So you can think of this code being executed from top down. First when we declare it zero and then here when we set it to one player score is one and then we print it out. And that's why it only prints out one. Now, because I might not always know what the previous score was, when I want to increase it by one, instead of writing the actual number, I can make it dynamic. So, player score references the current score. Right? So, if I want to update player score and increment it by one, I can say player score is equal to whatever the player score was before plus one. So this would be 0 + 1 and it would assign it as the new value for the variable player score. So here you can see that the result is still one. But what if I do this again? What if I do this twice? Then it increments it by one here. This turns to two and then this will print out two as you can see right there. Okay. So you've learned that variables are used to keep track of data. You've learned about different types of data you can use. Before we move on, I want to mention that variables actually have a data type. So when you declare var player score equals zero, because zero is an integer, it is inferred that player score is an integer type variable. That means that if you try to assign a piece of text, also known as a string, right, to player score, it's going to give you an error. Cannot assign value of type string to int. Likewise, say we have a variable named name and we assign player to it. If you try to update name and you try to assign it a number, you're going to get the same error. cannot assign the value of type int cuz 90 is an int to type string. The name is of data type string. Sometimes what you'll see is that these variable declarations explicitly say the data type. So how you can do that is it's just a longer hand form. You write var variable name colon and then the data type. So here it's completing it for me. and we have int. So this variable declaration is saying declare a new variable with the name player score with the data type int and then assign zero as its initial value. Same thing goes for here colon string. So writing it this way is just a little more clear um for someone reading the code. You can choose to do it this way but often times we just leave this explicit data type out. because whatever type of data you assign to it initially, that's going to be the type of variable that it is. And the last thing I want to introduce to you that is pretty much a variable with one special caveat. This is called a constant. It's basically a variable that cannot be changed. So for example, this variable called name, if I change this keyword from var to let, this is now a constant. It's not called a variable anymore. It's called a constant. And what that means is that it still works the same way as a variable in that it keeps track of data. So I can print name. And what that's going to do is print out player as you can see. But if I try to update that, let's say I say name equals Chris, it's not going to let me do that. cannot assign value to because name is a let constant. Why would you want to use a constant over a variable? Because some things you know will not change. Like let's say in our war card game we only want to play 12 rounds. You might say let rounds equals 12. It's just a number that you want to use. You don't need it to change. It's always going to be 12. So you use a constant for that and you can guarantee that it won't get overwritten by another number. But whereas things that you do need to be dynamic and it does need to be updated, you are going to be using uh a variable instead. So that's so that's pretty much your first lesson for Swift coding. Okay, different data types, right? Useful ones, common ones include string, int, uh double, and boolean. You've seen variable declarations. You've seen assigning and reassigning data into variables. And you've seen constants as well. And lastly, you've also learned that variables have a specific data type. It's just that most of the time we don't write out the data type of the variable. Instead, it is inferred from the data that we assign to it. All right. So, today you learned about variables, constants, and how to declare them. and also how to assign data to them. Now, this knowledge is kind of abstract right now, but how it applies to the war card game is if you think about us playing that game, we're going to need to keep track of some data. Correct? For example, the scores, for example, which cards to show. So, that is how variables and constants are going to be used. and we are building our way up to the point where we can hook up that deal button to perform all of the the functions of the app. So have a little patience. You are making great progress. I also prepared a set of notes to help you as you are learning the Swift code for these next few lessons. Especially helpful for someone who is new. If you want to review that, you can download these notes in the description below. Last lesson you learned about Swift variables and they are going to be very important when it comes to keeping track of player score and data among other things in our war card game. In today's lesson you're going to learn about Swift functions and you can think of a function as basically a group of code statements. Now let me tell you why this is relevant for what we're doing here. Think about what we want to happen when the deal button is tapped on. We need to randomize a card for the player. Then we need to update the card image for the player. We need to randomize a card value for the CPU. Then we need to update the CPU's card image. Then we need to calculate who has the higher card value. And then we need to update the score labels on the screen. There's at least a line of code for each of those actions that we want to happen. So we can use a function and group all of those code statements together. And we can also give that function a name so that we can use it. That brings me to the point, how do you use it? Remember in the last lesson about Swift variables, you can assign a piece of data to a variable. You give the variable a name and then whenever you call that name, you can access the data that you assign to that variable. Well, a function works the same way. When the deal button is tapped, we can just call the function name and have all of those code statements happen. All right, so let's open the Xcode playground and let's try this out. So, I'm looking at the playground that we used in the last lesson for variables. We're going to continue off of this for functions. And I think you're going to be surprised at how fast this lesson is going to go. Now, the first order of business, how do we declare a function? Just like how we had a special keyword to declare variables and constants, we also have a special keyword for functions, and that is fu n space. You're going to see that it turns pink because it's recognized as a keyword. And following that, we're going to have the function name. Now, you can call it whatever you want. I'm just going to call it my function. I don't know if you noticed in the last lesson how I named things. First letter being lowercase, each subsequent word having a capital letter. I think that's called camel case or snake case. I forget. You can do it however you want. You can name it all capitals if you want. But this is the standard that everyone uses. Now autocomplete is suggesting how I'm going to complete my function and it's giving things away. Okay. The next part of a function declaration are these rounded brackets or parenthesis, whatever you want to call them. So for me on my keyboard, it's shift 9 and shift zero to to open up this pair of brackets. Now what goes in here? Why do we do this? This set of brackets allows you to specify function parameters. Parameters allow you to pass data into the function when you call it in case you want to work with that data. in case the function needs some additional information to use with the code statements. In this lesson, we're not going to tackle parameters because we don't need them for the war card gate. In future lessons, when we need them, I'll show it to you then. Okay. So, what's next? We need a pair of brackets to contain the grouping of code statements that make up the body of this function. So, you use these brackets. For me on my keyboard, it's shift followed by the uh angle bracket beside the P. And the nice thing about Xcode is if you hit enter now after writing that first bracket, it is going to automatically create that closing bracket for you. So between these two brackets, the opening and the closing curly brackets, this is where you put all of the code statements that you want to happen when this function is called. Let me type in some of the code statements that we learned about in the previous lesson. We learned about print. Let's just start with one for now. So we have when this function is called it is going to print hey down in the console below. So let's run this code and let's see what output we get. And actually you'll notice that nothing happens. Why is that? We wrote the print statement. And the reason is because we declared the function that has this code statement, but we never actually called the function. Remember the code inside the function only gets executed when the function is called. So how do we do a function call? Well, we use the name. So we call here my function. You can just hit enter. Notice that it includes the pair of rounded brackets. If we had some sort of details in there about input parameters to pass in, we would have to specify them in the function call as well. But that's nothing to worry about for this lesson. Notice that now that I've called the function, it actually executes the code statement inside of it and I get the console output that I was expecting. If I put another line of code in here and now I call my function, you're going to see that it runs both lines of code and then I get hey and hello. Now that is basically what a swift function is and it is the simplest way you can use a function. So let me add a comment just to separate these here. And you learned about comments already when we were writing Swift UI code. This is just documentation that doesn't get executed as code. Now, this is the basic way to use a function and it's fine for what we need in this work hard game. There's a lot more that you can do with functions to make them more powerful, such as passing data into the function and also returning values or output from the function. You'll learn how to use Swift functions in these different ways in future lessons when we actually need to do that. For now, like I said, I don't want to overwhelm you. I just want to teach you exactly what you need to know to move on to the next step and then we can build momentum that way. However, if you're really keen and you're really curious about what I just said, feel free to ask the AI assistant about function parameters and function return values. All right, now that you know about Swift variables and functions, you're in a great position to move on to the next step with the warcard game. In the previous two lessons, you learned about Swift variables and functions. And now you are ready to apply that knowledge to the warcard game. Let's take a look at how these two things can help us to change the images in the warcard game when the deal button is tapped on. All right, let's dive in. All right, so here we are finally back in the war card game. Now, when you open up your project again, it might be missing a bunch of panels. They may have gotten closed due to some other projects you were working on. So you can go ahead click this button to open up the navigators panel and also this canvas. You can hit this blue button to load the canvas. Now I want to run the project so that we can remind ourselves what state the project is in. So the very first thing we're going to do actually is to work on this button. This is an image currently. So obviously you can't tap it. It doesn't do anything. It's just for display. Let's change that into an actual functional Swift UI button. And remember that analogy I used about Swift UI is kind of like working with Lego blocks. Well, you're about to get a new Lego block. That's the Swift UI button. So, locate the button image. So, I can see it here in my SwiftUI code. This is what we want to change. So, let's just delete that for a second. Hey, let me show you the syntax or the, you know, the keywords, the Swift UI code to represent a button. Before I show you the code, I want to tell you about a couple of different ways that you can arrive at this conclusion yourself just so that in the future if you are not sure how to do something, you can use these tools at your disposal. So, one way is to use the AI assistant. So, you can go ahead and ask, "How do I add a Swift UI button?" Because you might know that something exists because you've seen it in another app or you've seen other people talk about or you've heard them talk about it. You just don't know how to do it yourself. So, this would be a perfect use case. So, this is one way where you can see, you know, what code represents a button. That's one way. Another way is that there's something called the library. So if you go to view and then you go to show library. So notice that the shortcut key for this is command shift and L. So you can always press that instead of going to this menu. And you might also have a button a plus button here. Now it's not this little plus button that you see here. This is for adding a new tab. There you might have another plus button there that would open this library pane. depends on what version of Xcode you have and what sort of editor view that you have currently, but you can always press commandshift L to launch this. And this is helpful because it gives you a library of all of the components in Swift UI. So, for example, on this first tab here under views, you can see all of the different quote unquote Lego blocks at your disposal. You have the labels, you have the images, link list, all these things. We're interested in button. In the future, you can also explore modifiers. We talked about what these are. They add different attributes, changing behavior, and changing appearance of your views. These are the things down here where you see this text label. There's like a dot font, dot padding. Those are modifiers. So, this is a list of those modifiers that you can use. And then there are several more here that are not as commonly used, at least for me. This one contains different APIs that you can access. And in non-technical terms, it means just allowing your app to speak to other things on the phone. Perhaps the address book, perhaps different apps, perhaps like launching browser, things like that. And then there's your media library. This one is useful for searching the images in your app. And then there's different things like that. the color library and SF symbols. Yeah, this is useful. So, we've used a couple of these symbols back in lesson three when we were first learning about Swift UI. But coming back to the button, what you can simply do is click and drag this into here. And there is your basic button. You'll notice that it matches what we have here in the code snippet in the AI panel. Right? I think it's important that when we're learning how to code here and build iOS apps to ask the AI panel how to do something rather than do this for me because when you ask how and you can read the explanation, you end up learning. If you just ask it to do it for you, there's less learning involved. Okay, so for this button, let's change this string inside. This is the piece of text that you're going to see as the button. So, we're going to call this deal. And the action is going to be what happens when the button is tapped on. So, let's do a simple print statement. And look at this. It's like in context. It's in context with our app. Okay. So, I'm going to save it and let's rerun the app. You can actually even just use the canvas here. You should be able to see the button and also interact with it. All right. So, you tap on this deal button and let's bring up the console here. So, if you go in the lower right hand corner, you'll see there's these different tabs that you can expand, right? So, you can expand this tab here. You can see as I am tapping the deal button, you can see that it's executing the code in here. Okay, so that's a basic button. Pretty easy, right? Now you have another Swift UI Lego piece to work with. However, this button doesn't look so good. We want to change how this button looks. So, I don't know how to do that, right? Let's ask AI. Well, I do know, but I want to teach you to rely on this AI assistant because it's as good as having a mentor sit beside you. Ask AI, "How do I use an image for the button?" You can even say, "How do I use the button image asset?" And it'll give you the code. But it's done it for you. I was about to say that if you just ask it in a more generic way, you can apply the knowledge to your app in context. But this AI is so good that it has context of your project. It's literally just giving you the code that you need. So this is what this button looks like. You'll notice that it's formatted a little differently. It's got the keyword button and then it's got a set of curly brackets. Inside this first set of curly brackets, we've actually got the action for the button, what it does when it's tapped on. And then you have this label colon followed by another set of curly brackets. And in between the label curly brackets, you're putting the Swift UI code that represents the button. So in this case, we're using the image view to add an image. And these modifiers are added to to make sure that the image is the right size essentially. So let's do this. Instead of copying and pasting, let's try to type this out ourselves to get some practice, right? So, we are going to just have the keyword. You're going to have the curly brackets. Let's leave it as deal tapped. Okay. And then what did we have next? We have label colon and then set of curly brackets like that followed by the image. So, the image asset name is button if you can remember. And then let's refresh the canvas and see if we can view it this way instead. All right, sure enough, we see the button and run the simulator so we can tap it just so we can see the print message. All right, sure enough, it is working. All right, so now we know how to use a Swift UI button. Let's think about what we want to happen when this button is tapped. Not just printing out something into the console window. We actually want to change the images, right? and we want to update the score labels. So, let's take a look at the card images up here and think about how we can change them. This image right here, which we have coded or we're pointing to the image asset card 11, if I change that 11 to 12, you're going to see I might have to refresh the canvas here. It's refreshing. It's taking a little bit. See the jack to a queen, right? If I change it to 13, you're going to see it change to a king. So this card 13 is pointing to the image asset. When we tap on this button, we want to change this to whatever card we've randomized it to. So how do you think that this button, the code that we write inside this button can modify this data right here? If you think back on our Swift lesson on variables, we learned that you can assign a piece of data to a variable and then whenever we wanted that piece of data, all we had to do was specify the variable name. So let's start by doing that. First, let's declare a variable and assign it the string data card 13. Where do we declare variables in here? Now this part you have to be a little bit careful because there is a certain area which you're going to be declaring your variables inside this view and that is right under this first line. So if you hit enter create some space here you're going to create a variable here. Now do take note you should recognize this var keyword from the variables lesson. This varm body this is declaring a body variable right and the data type remember you can specify the data type variables is some view and what we learned in the swift lesson the variables lesson we use the equal sign to assign something to the variable now this looks a little bit different right it's got the curly brackets don't worry about it for now this is what's known as a computed property you'll learn about it in the future okay so let's continue declaring our variable var. We're going to call this the player card, okay? Because it's on the left side. Left side is for the player. So, we're going to call it player card and we're going to say equals card 13. If you wanted to, you could add the data type like that, but we can leave it out. It is implied from the data. Let's do the same thing for the CPM card. card 10. Now let's come down here now that we have these two variables and change this. Instead of specifying the text directly in here, this is called hard coding it into the image. That's not what we want. Instead, we want to specify player card. And for this, we're going to specify CPU card. Now, this image is reading this variable and getting this piece of text. If I change this to 11, you're going to see that will also change because it is reading from that source, right? That variable. Okay, changed back to a jack. Same thing will happen for the CPU card. Okay. Now, because image is now reading from the player card variable, when the button is tapped and we randomize a new card for the player, we can actually change the image asset that player card points to simply by saying player card equals, let's say we randomize card three, we would change it to card three. Right? That is the benefit of making these point to those variables instead of just hard- coding the text in there. I also want to use proper terminology here, although it may get a little bit confusing. So, these are variables, but they're also known as properties of the content view. So, player card is a property of content view. CPU card is a property of content view, and so is body. You can see that they all have the var keyword here. Now, before we move on, let's think about what else needs to happen when the deal button is tapped on. Aside from randomizing the cards and changing the card images, which we can now do because we made these variables, we also need to calculate the scores and update the score labels. If you take a look at the score labels down here, we again have hardcoded zero to the text. And so we won't be able to change that from the button. We need to again use properties to be able to access and change this value from the deal button. So let's add those as properties up here too. So let's say player score equals zero. of our CPU score equals zero as well. Notice that instead of making these text, I'm going to make them numbers or integers because I want to be able to do math on it. I want to be able to add one to increment it down here because a text label it is expecting a piece of text, but now I'm trying to put an integer type variable into it. It's going to complain about that. So, I'm going to try to put player score in here. You'll see that it recognizes that it's an int, but there's going to be an error. See? So, let's take a look at what it's saying. No exact matches in call to initializer. What we have to do is actually convert this int to a string type before passing it to the text label. Now, if you encounter errors as you're building your app, again, let's see what the AI assistant can do for us. I'm encountering an error. Can you explain it to me? So, instead of asking it to fix it, I'm asking it to explain it to me. So, let's see what it says. Okay. player score is an int but text expects something like string. Okay, so here are some ways to fix it. You're converting the string converting the int to a string or you can use what's called string interpolation. But let's go with this one because it's easier to understand I feel for you right now is you are treating that integer as a string. So the way to do that is I'm going to add some spaces here to make it easier for you to read. So that's the Swift UI text label, right? If you type in string with a pair of brackets and inside you put the player score, you are think of it as you're encapsulating this integer in a string. You're like putting a string disguise on it. The actual term this is called is casting and just like this you're not going to get the error. So rely on that AI assistant to explain the errors to you so you can read and learn. Don't just say fix it. And this is a valuable learning tool. Oops, not card score. Look at all the errors that can happen when you're not paying attention. So now that these two text labels are reading from player score and CPU score when the button is tapped, I can also update them. I can say player score is going to be equal to player score + one. This is like adding one to the current player score. Another way to write this, as you'll see, is actually just plus equals 1. So then you're incrementing it by one. If you do minus equals, you're going to be minusing one from the player score. Okay? But we're going to tackle this in the next lesson and we're going to talk about why it's actually throwing an error. But before we move on to the next lesson, there's one more thing I want to integrate into this project right now, and that is the use of functions. When this button is tapped, we could write all the code inside this button or we can group that code into a Swift function and then when this button is tapped, we just call that function. Now, what's the benefit in this context? You could just put the code in here because the only place that uses that code, that series of commands, is the button. But in the future as you're building other apps, there may be a series of commands that get used in multiple places and you don't want to put that code in multiple places. You don't want to duplicate code. That's one of the golden rules of software development. You want to reuse as much as possible. So a function will let you do that because you can put that series of commands into a function and then you can call that function from any place in your app project that you want and you only have that series of commands in one place. Okay, so I'm going to get you into the habit of doing that. Let's create a function can neatly group all of the randomizing of the cards and calculating the scores in one place. Now, where do we put the function? That is easy to make an mistake. I want to teach you about code folding. That is just a way to modify what you see here to make it easier to to work with your code. So, if you put your cursor right under body or you can just put right after this curly bracket right here and you go to editor at the top and you go to code folding, you can choose you can choose fold. Take a look at that command as well, that shortcut key. By doing that, it basically just collapses all of the code in between the two curly brackets. And if you wanted to expand it again, you can just double tap it like that. So go ahead and fold it up to make it a little easier to read. So that's code folding and fold it up. And then what I want you to do is this curly bracket. You see when I put my cursor on it, there's a flash of yellow that tells me where the the corresponding bracket is the pair cuz they're always in pairs. So I click this, it tells me that this is the closing bracket for that opening bracket. What I want you to do is create a couple of lines right before this closing bracket. So if I hit enter here, I basically want to do that. So after the closing bracket of the body but before the closing bracket of the content view. So it should look like this. We're going to have function and then we're going to have deal cards and then we have a pair of rounded and we have a pair of curly brackets. And inside here we're going to put all of that code. Randomize card values. Update the card images. Calculate the score. Update the score labels. And now we can double tap on those three dots to expand the body again. And inside the button, instead of just writing lines and lines of code in here, all we need to do is say deal cards. And that is it. When this button is tapped on, it is going to call deal cards. You can rightclick and you can jump to definition. And that will come here. And you can see how this function is defined. Remember, if you've accidentally declared the functions in the wrong place, you're getting an error. Use AI right here. So, let's say I accidentally I'm just going to I'm going to move this. Actually, I'm going to make a mistake right here. Let's say I accidentally declared the function inside the body that. Okay, I'm going to get an error. So what is my error? You don't understand why this is happening. Okay. Say you're getting this error because you declared this function inside the body. How to fix it? Move the function out of the body and make it a method. Okay. So it's going to try to show you that where you should put it. Okay. So move this function. It was like in there before. You're going to move it. This is the function, right? Gonna move it right before the closing bracket right there of the content view. Easiest thing to do is just to grab that function, do command X. Okay, that's a bunch of empty space. We're going to go back up here, put my cursor there, and let's fold the code again so it's easier to read. And then you know where you want to add it is right there. Right after the closing bracket of the body, but before the closing bracket of the content view. I'm going to paste my function right there. And also, if you're having trouble with this lesson, you can download my Xcore project in the link in the description of this video. We're on the home stretch. Now that we've added Swift variables and functions into the project, we are set up to change the images when the deal button is tapped on, as well as to compute and update the scores. So, that's exactly what we're going to do in the next lesson. You made it the final lesson of the 8-day beginner series. Today, we're going to complete the war card game by randomizing the card values, calculating the winner, and also updating the user interface. At the end, I'll show you how to put this app on your phone so you can show off to all your friends and family, and I'll give you a lesson plan that you can use to progress your skills on your own. All right, with that said, let's dive right in. So, we're back in our Xcode project. Your code might look a little different because chances are my code is just folded up like that. Now, if we scroll down to the button, let's review what we want to happen. This Swift UI button represents this deal view right here. When you tap on that button, it is going to call this deal cards function. Let's jump to that function by right-clicking it. Jump to definition. It's going to go to where we have declared it. And we want to do all these things. Randomize card values, update the card images, calculate score, and update score labels. And before we get into all of those, there is one thing that we need to make sure we can do first. And that has to do with these properties that we declared up here. Remember in the last lesson I told you declaring these variables up here, they're called properties. And this is where things might get a little bit confusing. So, let me fold up the body and let's take a minute just to explain what's going on. And if you don't know the shortcut key, just put your cursor right after the opening bracket, go up to editor, go to code folding, and then fold it up. All right. So, I mentioned that a variable up here is a property of content view. They're going to be different from variables that you define or declare inside a function like this. So if I go var a equals 1, that's declaring a variable and assigning one to it. I can say 1 equals 2. And that's completely fine. But remember the purpose of why we defined these properties up here. We want to be able to change this data, right? To change the image that gets displayed. Let's try to do that. So if I say player card is equal to let's say I want to change it to card number three it won't let me do that. It cannot assign to property. What's the difference? I can do it here but I can't do it here. The difference lies in where it is declared and that changes the scope of the variable. The scope of the variable means where it can be accessed from. When you declare a variable inside this function here, this variable a can only be accessed within this function within these two brackets. This one opening and this one closing. So in here I can use a but outside of this function that's beyond the scope of the variable. So if I try to do a it won't even recognize it here if I do it like this. Whereas if you declare the variable all the way at the top right after the opening bracket of the entire content view, the scope of that that's known as a property. The scope of that property goes into everything in between this curly bracket and the ending one. So I guess you could say as a general rule that the scope of a variable as in where it can be accessed and where it can be used is within the entirety of the curly brackets where it's declared in. Right? The scope of these variables up here is this highlighted area. The scope of the variable A is this area right here. Okay? So that's the distinction. We'll get more into scope in the future lessons. But for now, just understand that when you declare a variable at the top level scope, let's say here, oops, I actually have I just noticed this little function I declared up here as a test, just ignore that. So these variables that are declared up here at this top level scope, these are called properties. And there is something unique about properties. In order to be able to assign and update their data, you have to add a special keyword before the var at capital S state. And this changes player card into what's known as a state property. What that means is that potentially there may be views inside content view that depend on the value of that property. And because of that, the system will know that when you update the value in here that it needs to go and check all of the other views inside content view to see if it needs to update it, which completely makes sense. If I update player card, the property to card 3, I do want the UI system to recognize that and then update the image view, right, to show card three instead of card 11. However, if a property does not have the state keyword in front of it, then the system will know it doesn't have to dedicate any resources to this property because it won't change. So, now that you know about state properties, we do need to change all of these to state properties because we will be modifying all of these values from within the deal cards function. So, let's go ahead and add that keyword like that. I'm going to get rid of this. I'm also going to get rid of this. And now we are ready to get started with implementing these. Let's start by randomizing the card values. So, what values do we need to randomize between? To give us a clue, let's look into the card assets. Notice that we have card two representing the number two all the way up to card 10 representing 10. Beyond that we have face cards. Jack is 11, king is 13. And then ace is 14 being the highest card value. So if we randomize the values between two, which is our lowest card, to 14, which is our highest card, then it makes it easy for us to find the the asset image name that represents the card value. Because if we randomize 12 and we want to display a queen, we know that we need to assign to the image the word card with the number 12. So let's go back to content view. We want to randomize between two and 14. How do we do that? Well, there is a function in the int data type. Remember data types back in the variables lesson? Ins represent whole numbers. And it's got a built-in function that we can call using something called dot notation. So let me show you how that looks. First we write the data type followed by dot. And then here you can see all of the different functions that you can call. And here m actually stands for method, but I will explain that in just a second. So let's go ahead and type in ra for random. We can use this one where all you have to do is specify the lower end of the range and the higher end of the range. I wanted to wait because you can see that autocomplete shows you what this would look like. It even knows the numbers that I wanted to use which is really strange. Random followed by pair of parenthesis and then inside we put the parameters or the input data for that function. It needs to know what the range is. So you type in the lower range followed by three dots followed by the upper range. Let's go ahead and do that. I double click that one. Two dot dot do 14. And that gives you any numbers between 2 to 14 inclusive. That means you can get two and you can't get 14. Now it will say that the result of this function call is unused. What that means is that this actually outputs or generates a piece of data, the random number. and you haven't used it. In order for us to use it, we need to capture that data, have a way to reference that piece of data. We could do that with variables. So, why don't we declare a new variable called player value. And we're going to use the equal symbol to assign the result of this to And now, whenever we want to get access to the random number, we just have to specify player value. So, in order to update the card for the player, now that we do have a randomized card value, we can reference this property up here and just change the image asset name. Player card is equal to card plus the random number that we generated. The problem is that player card is accepting a string data. The card is a piece of string data, but player value is int data. So, we need to do what we did to display player score and CPU score into a text label. So, if you don't remember, let me just scroll all the way down so that we can see what we did. So, you see here inside the text view, in order to display an int, we had to cast it as a string. We're going to do the same thing here with player value by saying string like that. Now it's going to treat that number as a string and it's going to go card whatever number we randomized. So at this point we can just test this out. If we tap on deal in the canvas, you might need to hit the refresh button there. There's a button up here if you don't see anything or if it's not taking effect. When you tap on this, it is randomizing a number and updating the cart image. So let's go ahead and do that for the CPU as well. CPU value is equal to int dot random 14 and then down here CPU card which is this up here this property. So we're going to update that card plus string. Make sure you type in CPU value here and not player value. And then now when you tap on this button, you're going to get both cards changing. All right, let's calculate the scores. Now we have the scores stored in player value and CPU value. Now we need to know which is greater. So we need to be able to compare them. Luckily for us, Swift has comparison operators that we can use in order to compare these two numbers. We can ask the question player value is greater than CPU value. And what this expression will evaluate to is whether this is true or not. So essentially by writing this you're asking is player value greater than CPU value? And this expression question if you will will result in a boolean piece of data. Remember back in lesson five when we were talking about variables, boolean was one of the data types that I mentioned. It's either true or false. So this will either evaluate to true or false. If it's true, then we would want to increment player score by one. If it's false, then we would want to increment CPU score by one. But there also is a possibility where they are equal. So there are three different things that we want to do here and which one we do depends on the scores. Luckily inside Swift there's something called an if statement and it allows us to evaluate some sort of condition just like this one. And depending if it's true or false we can do different actions or execute different lines of code. So that's what we're going to use. I'm going to teach you how to use that. What we do is use the if keyword like that and then you can put the expression which is what we have here. So if player value is greater than CPU value then we want to take an action and the actions to take if that were true is within a set of curly brackets. Action taken if true. Now if that is not true nothing happens. it. It's just going to skip everything that's inside of these two curly brackets. So, let's fill this out first and then we'll fill out the other branches of logic. This is the first branch. What we'd want to do here is add to the player score. So, player score, one way to add one to it would be to say plus equals 1. And that will increment whatever player score is by one. So if we hit deal, they're tied. That's a result that we also have to deal with. So here 10 is greater than six. So we we have incremented the score. And you'll see that the score label automatically updates. Why? Well, because player score is a state property, which means that when this value changes, the system knows it needs to look for any Swift UI views that rely on that property and update that view. So, if you scroll down here, this text label right here, it relies on that player score property. That's why when we update player score, the state property, this text label automatically updates. We don't need to handle that. The system does it for us. Let's handle the other branch of logic because the CPU potentially might win, right? So there are a couple of different things you could do here. You can say else. So if this is not true, then do this. We can say then CPU score we increment that. So if the player wins add to the player score otherwise just add to the computer's score. And this would work except it doesn't handle the case when it's tied. Right? There's actually in this case when it is tied the CPU gets a point. Right? because it's either the player value is greater than CPU value in all other cases we're going to do this. Well, that can't be right. So, instead we are going to say else if and we have to add another expression. So, if this expression evaluates to false then it's going to check this one. So next we want to ask okay if the player value is not greater than the CPU value then is the CPU value greater than the player value okay and if the CPU value is greater than the player value then we want to give the score to the CPU obviously but if that is not true either there's only one possibility left that they're equal that's the only way both of these can be false then it's going to come down to the else. So we can have three different paths. Now as to how you want to handle this, um maybe we can just increment both or increment none if you want. It's up to you. Now with this if statement, you can have as many else ifs as you want. This is a three path fork in the road if you want to think of it that way. You can have four paths, five paths or just two path to you. But that's how you use an if statement. So just like that, you have completed the logic for the game. This last step, we don't actually have to update the score labels because Swift UI handles that for us. So, if you have a physical device such as an iPad or an iPhone, let me show you how to put the war card game on the device so you can take it around and show people what you've made. So, what you're going to do is you're going to take your iPhone or iPad. You're going to plug it into the computer and then you're going to unlock your device. You're going to get a popup that says, "Do you trust this computer?" You're going to hit trust. You might have to enter in your pin code. On your computer, you might also get a popup saying, "Do you trust this device?" You're going to trust and you might have to enter in your password. But once that happens, Xcode is going to start um preparing the device for development. And you're going to see a status message here. It might take a while, but after it finishes doing its thing, you can then hit this drop down. This is the simulator that's currently selected that you're going to use to launch the app on. You're going to choose your device instead. So, this is the the device that I have connected to the computer right now. And check this out. It says that the OS on my device is actually lower than my Xcode project, this Warcard games minimum deployment target. Let me show you what that means. If you go into this project node here, you'll see that the minimum iOS that is required to install the war card game is iOS 26. This has iOS 18 installed. So, I am going to change the target to iOS 17. And then you'll see that that message goes away. And by doing this, what you're saying is that I'm going to be supporting devices that are on older versions of iOS, which means that some of the newer frameworks, APIs, SDKs may not be supported in older versions of iOS. And you'll see that there'll be like messages telling you like, "Hey, this feature is only supported in iOS 26." So, if you are allowing your app to be installed on iOS 17 devices, you better have some sort of workound or fallback for iOS 17 users. Anyways, that will get rid of that error. If you hit run now to try to install the app on your device, you might still get an error. Let's take a look at that. It says that signing requires a development team. Okay. So what this means is that when you put code on a actual device, Apple needs to be able to trace that code back to a developer. So you need to sign it with a digital signature. And the way you do that is you add your Apple account. So if you go to Xcode and settings here under Apple accounts, you're going to be clicking this and adding your Apple ID. You don't need a paying Apple developer program membership in order to put apps on the device. So feel free just add your Apple account there. And then if you go to you see we're at the general tab. If you go to signing and capabilities you're going to make sure that this is checked. And under the team you are going to select that team that you just added that account. And then if you hit the run button again, you should be able to install the app on the device. Now, if you're using a free Apple ID, the app will actually expire in 7 days on your device. They just do it that way. So, it's for like testing purposes. If you have a paying Apple membership, it can stay on your phone for longer. But if it expires in 7 days, all you need to do is just install it on your phone again using the same process. And then you get another seven days and that's fine. So in that way you are going to be able to install this app on your phone like so. You're going to be able to use it and show off what you've made. Congratulations. You've got a really solid start. And if this is your first app ever, double congrats to you. But the question is where do you go from here to continue progressing your skills? So, I'm going to borrow the progression plan from my iOS foundations course because the work argame is actually module one of that. I'll link to this page in the description below so that you can view it as well. I'm not going to go through every single lesson of the progression, but I will point out some notable Swift UI views that I think will add a lot of variety and fun to your future app builds. So, once you learn about the Swift UI list, you'll be able to build apps with scrollable data. It's just lists of data, which is a lot of apps, admittedly. And there are also tab views. So, a lot of apps have a navigation structure where you have tabs at the bottom to switch views. That's what a Swift UI tab view is. Another one that's really fun is displaying images in a grid. You can use Lazy V grids for that. So, there's a lot here to explore. You don't have to take this iOS foundations course. But I'll say that this specific progression plan or lesson plan has worked for many students. Many of them have gone on to find jobs or become iOS indie developers. So even if you don't take this specific course, I would recommend that you go and do some self-study, but follow this progression plan. I've laid it out very carefully so you are building your skills layer upon layer. However, if you do want to continue learning with me in the same format that we've done in the last eight lessons, then I've got a special offer for you to join CWC Plus in the description below this video. Inside CWC Plus, not only can you access the iOS Foundations course, but you can access the next courses that come after that. It's all a progression as you continue to build and invest in your skills. You'll also get access to our private CWC Plus community where you can attend live events, connect with other iOS learners such as yourself, as well as get support on all of the lessons and training with our CWC coaches. Either way, I really appreciate your time and thank you so much for learning with me during these eight lessons. If you know someone who also wants to start learning iOS app development, forward them this series. If it worked for you, it's going to work for them as well. Lastly, I hope you subscribe to the channel and stay tuned for more app development tutorials. Congratulations again and I'll see you in the next video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @fanzhang3746 [7 likes]: This is too good to be free.
  2. @paulgomez3318 [3 likes]: You are such a great teacher man and I appreciate all the thought and love you put into these lessons. Thank you.
  3. @JosueCalancha [2 likes]: Chris, I’m enrolled in a Mobile App Development course by IBM on Coursera. My objective is to specialize in Swift UI. I’m a complete beginner in programming and have no prior knowledge in this field. Could you recommend a video that would be helpful for me at this stage of my learning?
  4. @GunsAddiction [1 likes]: Best tutorial for beginners!!
  5. @MostafaMASLOUHI [1 likes]: The most cool and fluent tutorial I've seen so far. Thanks for your time.
  6. @JakeUHB: Back in high school 15+ years ago, I messed around with Python and a little bit of Java. I loved it, but I had to put it aside as soon as I got into grad school. Since then, I've tried multiple times getting back into coding/programming with my free time over the years and I've found that most of what I was interested in coding back then can now be done in seconds with AI.  So, that killed any interest and motivation I had to relearn and learn the code. 

Fortunately, a friend of mine told me about you after she told me to look into making iOS apps and explained how simple it is to learn Xcode with Claude... I watched the entire video in a single day because it was engaging and incredibly easy to follow. My interest has shifted from [learning code to be creative] to [being creative while learning code]. 

Thank you, Chris.
  7. @VioletCho-m1r: I've never finished an entire tutorial in one sitting until now. This was engaging and very easy to follow, you're a great teacher! Thank you, Chris!! 😊
  8. @Frank-Halliday: Do you have a link or info how to save states . Git /intergrate? I’m confused lol .
  9. @TheOutsiderJess: I want to make a free video app
  10. @charlieotoole5757: Is the dropbox links not working for anyone else?
  11. @pipermarc: Chris, can you repost the Card files to the dropbox?  I get an error when trying to download them.
  12. @deryousef2798: thank you
  13. @zaurike: Absolutely brilliant content! Thank you for sharing.
  14. @KEEVVY: The problem is I want to deploy app for ios 15 and even if instaled the ios 15.5 simulators none will show at the top in xcode 26?
  15. @Allthingsdefender: Just watched your whole video start to finish. Great tutorial. I am new to this and learning from scratch. I want to add a years worth of pdf wage slips then use the data to output different calculations ie pension and tax etc, is this possible?
  16. @AlmostRealTests: Thank you sooo much
  17. @kestonneunie: Great teacher! Really enjoyed this course. Coming from a heavy javascript, web development background - this course really helped me understand the difference in approach when using Swift and Swift UI. Much appreciated dude.
  18. @JevoUK: You where doing so well until you said Legos at 1:08:35  🤦‍♂😀
  19. @robertchausse3050: thanks! you are a great teacher . Juste before I start learning with all video can we make an iOS apps juste for my phone and maybe my son iPhone without sending it to the apps store? if I remember in the passe I try but after maybe a week the application on the iPhone was not working anymore and need to be re-download from Xcode.
  20. @Panda-pf4dv: I don't have the ai option

- SwiftUI Course for Beginners – Create an iOS App from Scratch: Kind: captions Language: en Learn how to create a complete iOS app from scratch using Swift UI and Xcode. In this tutorial, Carlos will teach you to build a featurerich movie and TV browsing app with a dynamic home screen, powerful search, and detail screens that play YouTube trailers. You'll also implement a download manager to save titles for offline viewing using Swift data. By integrating the movie database and YouTube APIs, this project provides excellent hands-on practice with Swift UI API integration and modern data storage. Hey everyone, Carlos from Blossom Build back with a new exciting project. We'll be building a complete iOS app from scratch using Swift UI and Xcode. Before we look at the app, I want to give a quick shout out to Ommer. I originally learned how to build this app by watching Omer's YouTube channel. He built it using UI kit and I learned a great deal from him. Please check out his channel and show some support. This is a similar app but updated with Swift UI, Swift data, and the latest iOS version. There are also a few more added features. We're going to try to keep the app updated so it can remain a valuable resource. Let's take a look at it. I named it Blossom Movie. First, opening the app, you can see it has four tabs on the bottom toolbar. The home screen features a hero title that changes whenever the app is opened. Scrolling down, the app shows trending movies and TV shows, as well as top rated movies and TV shows. We're able to scroll vertically to get more titles that are instantly loaded. This is possible by working with the movie database API. Clicking on a title opens a detail screen. This screen contains a name, description, and a YouTube trailer. This project also works with the YouTube API. Navigating to upcoming, we see a list of upcoming movies in a vertical list this time. We can scroll down to quickly get more titles. Selecting any title brings up the title detail screen. Moving on to search. This is my favorite part of the app. The titles on a grid this time and we can conduct a search. For example, I can search for Harry Potter and instantly get results. We can cancel and the default list displays. The button up top can be pressed to switch the search to TV shows. I'll search my favorite TV show, Breaking Bad. Finally, we have the download tab. Currently, this message is displayed because we have no downloads. If we download a title and go back to the download tab, it displays right away. Closing and reopening the app does not remove it from the download tab. We can instead swipe left to delete the file. This is a great app to build for some practice with Swift UI APIs, Swift data, and more. I'm excited to start this journey with you. We're ready to start this project. The first step, of course, is to create it. Before that, please make sure your Xcode and Mac OS are updated. I'll select create new project. We're going to be making an iOS application. Next, for the product name, let's go with Blossom Movie. I do have myself as a team. To do this, you'll have to log into your Apple ID. You can also use none. The organization identifier is a domain name of your company backwards. I have mine as Blossom Build, but feel free to use yours or make one up. Interface has to be Swift UI. language swift testing system none and storage none. We'll be using swift data as a storage. However, if we select it, the project will create unnecessary code. It's easier to add later. Hit next. You can save this project anywhere you like. Select create once you got your folder. We have our project created and the famous hello world pops up. I'll do command control F to go full screen. I'll also make my canvas smaller to allow more space for the code. I do want to write just a bit of code to get our feet wet. A good place to start is to create the four tabs our app will use. In the content view, we can delete from padding up to vstack. Instead, type tab view open curly brace and enter. Inside the tab view curly braces, we need to define our tabs. Type tab open parenthesis. There are two parameters here. First, a string for the tab name. Quote, type in home quote again, comma. The second parameter is the icon image we want to use. We're going to be using the free SF symbols built into Xcode. Type system and Xcode is recommending the correct name. Press tab to autocomplete. quote type house close quote close parenthesis open curly brace and enter. Inside these braces, we need to define the content of this tab. A text display home would do just fine. That is our first tab complete. Notice our preview updated correctly. For efficiency, let's copy our tab by highlighting and pressing command C. Paste it three times with command V. The second tab will be called upcoming. We can change system image to play. Circle. The text will also change to upcoming. The third tab is search system image will be magnifying glass text of course is also search. Finally we have download system image is arrowd down.2 two line text is also download. I think that looks pretty good for now. We can click through the different tabs in our canvas to confirm. We build our bottom toolbar containing four tabs using pretty simple code. Swift UI makes it that easy. This is a great place to stop. Awesome work. We have our tab view working properly. Before we get into more Swift UI, a quick topic. Currently, our content view contains hard-coded strings. An example is the home string in our first tab. While hard-coded strings are convenient, they can lead to typos and be harder to maintain when the application grows. This is not going to be a published app, but I do believe in building good coding habits. Therefore, we'll create a constant file and put all the strings there. To begin, use a shortcut command N to make a new file. Select Swift file. call this file constants. Create. Under import foundation, type strr constants. If the editor recommends the correct syntax, press tab to complete like I just did. Time to make our first string. Static. Let home string equals home. Static allows this string to be accessed across the app. Let means the string won't change within the program. Of course, we can still change it in the code. We'll keep going. Static let upcoming string equals upcoming. static let search string equals search static let download string equals download. It's also good to be specific when naming variables. Navigate back to content view, delete home, instead type constants home string. Do the same for the home inside text. Upcoming is next. Delete and replace both occurrences. constants upcoming string. Constants do upcoming string. Next to search dot search string search string. Finally download constants.d download string constants.d downloadd download string. We also want to put the system image names in our constants file. Go back to Make some space. Static let home icon string equals house static let upcoming icon string equals play dot circle static lamp. Search icon string equals magnifying glass static lamp. Download icon string equals arrow down.2 line. Back to our content view one more time. Replace house with constants dot home icon string. Playout circle with constants dot upcoming icon string. Magnifying glass with constants dot search icon string and arrow.down.2.line with constants dot download icon string. Not the most exciting work, but it's good for us in the long run. One more benefit to doing this is easier migration to different languages. We'll stop here, but I promise to have exciting Swifty action next time. We're effectively following good stream practices. It'll be easier to apply for the rest of our app. Now, we can start working on the home screen. I do want our content view to stay clean and just hold the tab view. It'll get big fast if we code all the screens on it. Let's make a new Swift UI file for the home screen. Press command N. Swift UI view. home view. The home screen first features a hero title. All the images used for this app are inside the internet as URLs. For testing, we can define a temporary image at the top of our home view. Hit enter after the first curly brace twice. Back to line 11 bar hero test title equals quotes. Navigate to constants. After our last string, hit enter a couple times. static let test title URL equals single quote. I'll paste a sample URL. It will be in the video description. Please copy and paste it as well. Go back to home view. Replace the empty string with constants test title URL. Now we can build our view. Delete the text view. Type vstack with braces. vstack aligns all the views inside its braces vertically. Our image needs to be loaded asynchronously because it's coming from online. This means it loads on a separate thread, not the main thread. That's for our UI. Swift UI has a great tool called async image. Start typing async. Select the second one and press enter. Async image takes a URL, but our hero test title is a string. We can easily convert it by typing URL in all caps open parenthesis string colon hero test title. We're using Beetlejuice as our practice title. I honestly like the poster art. The image is pretty big right now. In order to adjust it, put braces at the end of our async image. After the first brace, type image in. This puts our async image inside a variable called image. We can put modifiers on this variable to adjust it. Before we do that, we have to define a placeholder while the image loads. After the async image curly braces, type place and hit enter to In the placeholder braces, we can type progress view. As the image loads, progress view, which contains a progress circle, will show. Let's go back inside our async image braces. Type image.resizable.caleto fit. These two things we just added are called modifiers. Modifiers allow us to change our views. In this case, we're allowing the image to be resizable and fitting it in our parent view without distortion. Modifiers are usually in separate lines so they can stand out. Put your cursor right after the Ean image and press enter. I'll press escape to dismiss that suggestion. Press enter again after the resizable closing parenthesis. This is looking pretty good. I also think it's a good place to stop. Great job on this one. Our hero test title is displayed correctly. Under the hero title, we need two buttons. One button to play the trailer and another to download the title. Make some space after the placeholder braces. These two buttons should be side by side. To do this, we can type hstack with braces. htack orders its views horizontally. Inside our H stack, type button with After the closing brace, type label and hit tab to autocomplete. In the first set of braces, we'll tell the button what action to perform. The second set is for design. Before that, we need to define a string. Navigate to Make some space after the download string. play string equals play. Lucky for us, the download string is already defined. Navigate back to home view. Inside label, type text dot play string. We can now see a small play button in our preview. Copy and paste the button code to make another one. Change the second text to constants dot download string. These buttons work, but they need some design. We can add some modifiers. After the play string text, hit enter and type dot frame. The first option is in what we need. Press your right arrow key for more options. Select the option that contains width and height. The frame modifier adds an invisible frame with a specified size, but 100 for the width and 50 for the height. Press enter after the closing parenthesis and add dot bold. This bolds the text. A border would look nice around the button. Press enter dot background. We want the one that has content. Press enter for braces. Inside the background braces, input rounded rectangle. Select the option with corner radius and style. Use 20 for the radius and dot continuous for style. This makes a rounded rectangle with the radius of 20, but our text is covered. We can use the stroke modifier to just keep the border. After the closing parenthesis, press enter. Type dot stroke. Select the one with line width five. Much better. The button looks pretty good. But I would like to add our custom color. Navigate to assets. Right click. New color set. But in border, enter. Open the inspector. Change appearances to none. This color will be the same for dark and light mode. Click where it says universal. Show color panel. Type in 34 B4 6C for the hex color. Enter. That's blossom build green. Close the color panel. While we're here, let's add one more color. Right click, new color set, button, text, Make sure appearance is any dark. Click on any appearance. Six zeros. 1 2 3 4 5 6. Close the color panel. When the app is in light mode, the button text color should be black. In dark mode, the color should be white. This is a great place to stop. Outstanding work. The colors are ready to go. We just need to apply them to our buttons. Navigate back to home view. In our play text after frame, hit enter. Type dot foreground. Press enter on foreground style. Use dot button text for the argument. This modifier defines the text color. A quick reminder, button text is black for light mode and white for dark mode. We can test this by selecting canvas device settings. Toggle color scheme dark appearance. The plate text changes to white. I'll toggle back to light mode for now. Let's add our border color. In the stroke modifier before line width, add a comma. Left arrow key once. Dot button border. I'd say the play button looks much better. We can't leave the download button hanging. It would be easy to copy and paste the modifiers to the download button. However, this brings us to our next coding principle. The famous don't repeat yourself or dry idea. Dry is all about promoting efficiency and reducing redundancy. If we the developers are going to use code more than once, we should only write it once. Of course, as with any principle, try to follow the best you can. Don't lose any sleep if you can't use it 100% of the time. This button style is used a few times in the project. Hence, let's write the code once and use it more. Notice the modifiers are on text, not the button itself. Therefore, we can create a function that automatically applies these modifiers to a text. Highlight the modifiers. Copy with command C. Navigate to constants at the top. import swift UI. This import is needed because we'll be calling Swift UI elements. Make some space after the closing braces. Type extension text with curly braces. Extension allows us to add functionality to an already existing type without modifying the original. Inside the braces, type funk ghost button return arrow some view with braces. This creates a function called ghost button that returns a view. Inside the braces, type self. Self refers to the current instance where the function is located. The function is located inside an extension of text. Therefore, self refers to text. Hit enter after self and paste the modifiers. Usually, when a function returns a value, you have to type return at the end. However, because self is the only thing written and matches the return type, it automatically returns after applying the modifiers. Steer back to home view. delete all the modifiers in our play text. Instead, type dot ghost button. Go down to our closing download text parenthesis. Enter dot ghost button. Our custom function ghost button applies all the modifiers we defined. If you ever need to see the source code of a function, hold command and click on it. very helpful for looking under the hood. Back to home view. The code looks pretty and most importantly, it was easy to use. This is because we took the time to make it more efficient. Go ahead and click on the buttons for a quick test. Notice the whole button clicks when tapped. Switching to dark mode. It looks awesome. This is a great place to stop and take a break. Outstanding job again. I can't wait to see you in the next one. The home screen is really coming together. We have a hero title and two buttons underneath. Our next step is to make the horizontal list under the buttons. There'll be four lists total. These lists will be trending movies, trending TV shows, top rated movies, and top rated TV shows. Keeping the dry method in mind, we'll create one file and reuse it. First thing we need is more test images. Make some space after test title URL. I'll make sure to include these strings in a description. Please copy and paste them. Static let test title URL 2 equals paste static lat test title URL 3 equals I'll grab the string paste. While we're here, let's also make a trending movie string. Press enter after play string static. Let trending movie string equals trending movies. Great work. Use command N to make a new file. Swift UI view. Next. Horizontal. List view. Create. Let it load. Press enter twice after the first brace. Up arrow once. Let header equals constants dot trending movie string bar titles equals bracket constants dot test title URL comma constants dot test title URL 2 comma constants dot test title URL 3. We define two variables here. Header is our trending movie string. Let was used because it won't change. Titles is an array of strings currently holding our three test titles. Bar was used because the list might change when the data refreshes. Delete the hello world text. Instead, type BS stack down arrow to the one that has alignment and more options. Right arrow. Select the one with alignment and content. For alignment, put dole leading tab. Hit enter to get braces. This vstack will align all its views to the left of the phone inside the braces text header. Add the modifier font.title. This makes the text bigger. Under the text, type scroll view with parentheses and curly braces. Scroll view allows us to scroll through views that exceed the screen capacity. Inside the parenthesis, put dot horizontal. This allows our views to scroll horizontally. In the braces, type lazy hstack with Lazy htack only loads the views when needed. inside lazy hstack for each titles open brace title in enter three times for each is a handy tool that loops through a list. It also gives us access to each element. We're getting an error because each element needs to have an ID. Since each string is different, we can use the string itself as an ID. after titles comma id colon backslash self. We can now access each element in our titles array. Each element is represented by the title variable after the braces. Inside for each, we'll use async image. Select the one with the URL URL string title. That loads our images, but we desperately need some modifiers. Open brace image in enter three times. After the brace, type place tab progress view in the placeholder. Back inside async image image entertizable.caleto We've seen these modifiers in our home view. The difference is we're going to add a frame to better contain it. After our placeholder frame, right arrow, select the one with width and height. Do 120 for width and 200 for height. All right, we're almost there. A frame is needed on the parent vstack itself. There are quite a few closing braces, but if you double click on the leading BS stack brace, Xcode will show you where the closing brace is. After the closing brace, enter dot frame. Right arrow only height this time. Do 250. This constricts the view to have a max height of 250. We're pretty close to the edge. To fix this, we can add a padding modifier. This creates space. The default is 16 points. Put 10 in the parenthesis for less space. Wow, we did a lot in this video. Great work as usual. Let's take a break and I can't wait to see you in the next one. We're almost done with the horizontal list view. Before we use it in our home view, just a few final details. To begin, after the image scale to fit modifier, add the clip shape modifier. Inside the parenthesis, type rounded rectangle. Select the one with corner radius. Use 10. This modifier gives our images nice rounded corners. Slightly more modern looking in my opinion. Next, I would like header to be dynamic. If we use the view now, header can only be trending movies. This was great for testing. However, our view is finished and ready to be versatile. To do that, delete everything after header. Instead, type colon space string. This allows us to define a string for header when calling the view. Very helpful since we'll have four different types of lists. There's an error in the file because our preview needs an argument for header. Scroll down. Click on the error. Select fix. Click on the string. Type constants. Trending movie string. This wraps up our horizontal list view. Before we put it in our home screen, navigate to constants. Make some space after trending movie string. Let's define the rest of our headers. Static L trending TV string equals trending TV. Static L top rated movie string equals top rated movies. Static L top rated TV string equals top rated TV. Steer to home view. We want these titles after our buttons. Double click on the starting hstack brace to find the closing one. Make some space after the closing brace. Horizontal list view with header constants. trending movie string. Copy that line. Paste three times. Change the second one to constants.trending TV string. The third one to constants.toprated movie string. And the last one a constants.toprated The horizontal list are displaying correctly with the right headers. However, our home view doesn't look the best. This is because the number of views exceed the phone screen. To fix this, we can add a scroll view to our parent view. This can easily be done by scrolling up, right clicking on our vstack, select embedded, scroll view. Much better. While we're here, we should change the vstack to lazy vstack. Lazy vstack is best here as the views will load when they are needed. The home view layout is really close to being done. To finish up, I want to improve the hero title slightly. If we click on an empty line and hit space on our keyboard, this makes the view reload. Watching the hero title, it kind of just pops up. A frame modifier will fix this. We're going to need the size of the screen to pull this off. This can be done by using geometry reader. Right click on scroll view embed geometry reader. After the braces, go n. Navigate to the placeholder closing brace. Entertrame. Right arrow. Select the one with width For width, type go. D.width. For height, do go. This makes the frame the size of the screen. We can make this better by adjusting the height. Type times 0.85. To summarize, we embedded scroll view into geometry reader. Geometry reader got the available screen space minus the safe space. We put the frame of our hero title to the full width of our available space. However, we only want the height to be 85% of the available space. Now, if we test the hero title doesn't jump on screen. As mentioned before, home view is close to being finished. Just a few more final touches, but we'll do them in the next video. Thank you for joining us. Can't We have all the elements on our home view. To finish, I'd like to add a gradient between the hero image and space after it. The first step is to define a new color. Navigate to assets, right click, new color set, gradients. In light mode, the gradient should be white to match the space after our hero title. Thus, in dark mode, the gradient should be black. Select dark. Open the inspector. Color set. Six zeros. 1 2 3 4 5 6. Enter. Close the color panel. Close inspector. Go back to home view. Hit enter after the scale to fit modifier dot overlay with braces. The overlay modifier will put a view in front of our hero image. Inside the overlay braces, type linear gradient. Select the one with stops, start point, and end point. We'll space this out a bit as it can get confusing. Right before the S and stops, press enter. Press enter again before the S and start point. Finally, enter before the E and end Double click on gradients stop. Add an open parenthesis. Enter on the suggestion color location. For color, usecle tab 0.8 for location. The editor is recommending adding another gradient. Stop, which is what we need. Press tab to complete. The second color should be dot gradient. Location should be one. Press enter before the second G in gradient to space it out better. for start point top tab endpoint will be dotbottom. Let's break this code down. Linear gradient creates a smooth transition between colors along a straight line. In this case, it transitions from clear to our custom gradient color. Linear gradient has three arguments. First is an array of gradients stops. This defines the colors and their locations. Start point and end point define the direction of the gradient. In this case, it starts at the top and ends at the bottom of the async image. Picture 0% means the top and 100% the bottom. From 0 to 80, the gradient is clear or fully transparent. From 80 to 100, the gradient transitions to our custom gradient color, white or black, depending on the mode. We can see in our preview, the gradient really makes the design pop. I'll switch to dark mode. It looks just as awesome. This wraps up home view, but we have one more task left. We need to run this code to test. In order to run, home view needs to be called from content view. Open content Replace constants home string with home At the top toolbar, drop down your target devices. I'm going with the iPhone 16. Press command R to run. If everything works, you should have our home view displaying on your emulator. We can scroll down to see all of our titles. Testing the horizontal list. They seem to work. A quick note, our play and download buttons work but don't click smoothly. You have to long click to get the animations. This is because the buttons are embedded in the scroll view. The scroll view swipe gesture takes priority over the button animations. But don't worry, the buttons still work 100% of the time. This truly wraps up section one. We learned a lot in these nine videos. I want to say thanks for supporting this course so far. My team and I really appreciate it. Go ahead and take a break if you need it. You deserve it. Give yourself a pat on the back and I'll see you in section two. At some point in your iOS journey, you'll work with APIs or external data sets. Most of these rely on JSON objects to store and transfer data. Understanding how to model these objects in your Swifti projects is critical. By doing this correctly, you'll be able to use and display the data in your apps. This video marks the official start of section two in our Swift UI beginner course. The main goal of this section is to fetch and display life data from the We'll complete the first step in this video, modeling the JSON objects in our project. If you're just joining us, feel free to grab the section one code from our GitHub. The link will be in the comments. I do recommend having some experience with Swift UI before starting this section. Section one of this free course is a great place to start. Let's take a look at our API data. This set is for training movies. The data contains an object as shown by the top left curly brace. This object has an end called page and an array named results. The results array contains the data that we're interested in. From here, we can pick and choose what is needed for our app. For Blossom movie, we need ID, title, overview, and poster path. Just a heads up, I tried original title at first, but got titles in their original language. Spanish and Japanese included. Now that we know what data is needed, it's possible to build a model. I'll navigate back to Xcode. Command N to create a new file. Swift file. Next. Title. Create. Make some space after import foundation strruct title with braces. Struct is short for structure in Swift UI. It's a lightweight and efficient way to group related data together. Type bar id colon int enter bar v bar title colon string enter bar var overview colon string enter and bar poster path colon string. We model title based on what we need from the results array. Before moving on, please make sure your spelling matches with mine. Misspelling is one of the most common mistakes when working with APIs. I want to show you one more thing with our data. This next set contains trying TV. Notice title has been replaced with name. ID, overview, and poster path are still here, but it's important to see the slight difference. Keeping this in mind, I'll go back to Xcode. Hit enter after title bar name colon string. This will allow our title strct to also work with the TV data. However, what happens if our app tries to find a title string for TV data? As we saw, title is replaced with name in that set. The app will unfortunately crash because it's expecting a value for title. To fix this, we can mark name and title optionals by putting a question mark at the end. This tells our strct that title and name may or may not have a value. If they don't have a value, instead of crashing, the app will assign nil to them. Nil means no value in Swift. Because this isn't data that we manage, it's a good idea to mark all the properties as optionals just in case. The properties we need from the results array are modeled well here. Just a few more things. After title, type colon decodable, comma, identifiable. This makes the struck conform to the decodable and identifiable protocols. Decodable allows title to be created from an external data source. Swift will automatically map the data to the strs properties if the names match. Identifiable requires this strct to have an ID property that uniquely identifies each instance. This will be useful when we use title in our Swift UI views. Our title strct is complete in the API data. Title was under an array called results. We need to do the same thing with our title model. Make some space before strruct api object colon decodable with braces bar results colon bracket title bracket equals brackets. Instead of listing results as an optional, we set it as an empty array. That way if the database returns null, there's already an empty array there. I'll bring up the working data one more time and put it side by side with our model. Everything is matching up. We start with an array called results. This array contains a strct title which has the properties we need. Good work on this one. This is a really important concept. It goes beyond iOS if you ever want to get into any other coding space. Great job again. I can't wait to see you in the next one. With our title model completed, we're ready to grab our API key. This key allows us to request and fetch data from the movie database API, after which we'll be able to display the data in our app. A quick word of caution, safeguarding API keys is a broad topic that exceeds the scope of this course. While hard- coding keys directly into your code isn't recommended, we'll take a simple approach for this practice app by storing them in a JSON file. This method does keep the key out of the source code, but it's not a production level solution. However, it's a good step towards better practices. In addition, it'll also teach us concepts like the singleton design pattern and error handling. The first step is to get our credentials. Open a new Chrome window. Inside the search bar, type the movie database. The first link will do. Click on login. Please create an account if you need to. I already have mine, so I'll just log in. Select user profile settings API. This is where your API key will be. If you just made an account, you'll need to generate a key. It's a pretty straightforward process and totally free. Once you have your key, keep it handy. We'll need it here shortly. Navigate back to Xcode. Command N for a new file. Scroll all the way down. Empty. Next. API config.json. Please make sure the file is inside your project directory. This file will hold sensitive information like our API keys and base URLs. In turn, this sensitive information will be out of the app source code. Inside the JSON file, start with an open curly brace and hit enter. This creates an object. Type quotes TMDB base URL quotes. I'll paste the base URL here. It'll be in the comments. Please copy and paste it as well. close quotes, comma, enter quotes, tmdb API key quotes, colon quotes. Paste your own API key here as a placeholder. I'll type in your key. Before we move on, please ensure your spelling lines up with mine. Caps as well. Our API compact.json file is ready to go. It just contains two strings, the base URL and our API key. Hit command N. Swift file this time. Next, API config create. API config.sswift will be used for reading and accessing the contents of the JSON file. This allows us to dynamically load sensitive information like our API keys into our app at runtime. Make some space after import foundation strct API config colon decodable with braces. We have to include decodable because API config will be created by an external source ourjson file. Let tmdb URL colon string enter. Let tmdb API key These are the variables in our do.json file. They have to match exactly. Hit enter a couple times. Type static let shared colon API config equals braces at the end of the braces parenthesis. We're using something called a singleton pattern here. This is a design pattern that ensures only one instance of API config is created. We're naming that one instance shared. Singletons are good for centralized resource management and usage. We know our logic goes inside the braces. The parenthesis at the end are new. They immediately execute the closure at runtime. In turn, our credentials are available right away. Inside the braces, type guard let URL equals bundle main URL. Select four resources with extension in four resources quotes API config tab quotes JSON else braces fatal error API config.json is missing or invalid. We're trying to find the API config.json file in apps bundle. If the file isn't found, the uslocks executes and fatal error will crash the app. This ensures the app can't proceed without the JSON file. Make room after the closing brace. Now that we found our file, we can get the data out of it. Type do with braces. After the closing brace, type catch with The do catch block is used to execute code that might throw an error. This allows us to handle that error gracefully if thrown. Inside the do block let data equals try data contents of URL return try JSON decode API config self from data inside catch failed to load or decode API config.json JSON back slash error autocomplete was pretty good here. Let's break this code down. Load the contents of the API comp.json file from the URL we made above. Try as needed here because data contents of can throw an error. After that, try a decode and return the data as an API config. This is done using a JSON decoder. The catch block only runs if an error occurs in the do block. Again, fatal error is used because that app can't run without this information. To finish up, we need to run the app to make sure this works. Navigate to content view. Double click on the tab view starting brace. Click on the closing brace. Enter onappear with braces. print API config.shared tmdb URL below that print API config.shared tmdb api key. Go ahead and run this code with command r. If everything works, you should have the base URL and API key showing in your log. If your app crashed, please double check all the files we created. Misspelling and capitalization are the common mistakes. Right now, the app crashes if there's an issue with the.json file. In the next video, we'll explore a more userfriendly way to handle this error. Thank you for spending time with us today. We truly appreciate your support. Can't wait to see you in the next one. Handling errors is a key part of your iOS development journey. Whether you're connecting to a backend or loading a JSON file, errors will definitely pop up. In this video, we'll refactor our code to gracefully handle errors. Currently, our file uses fatal error. This was good to help us understand how to load our API credentials, but it's not a long-term solution. Let's dive in and learn how to handle errors better. We'll start by creating a new file to keep all our errors organized. Hit command N on your keyboard. Swift file. Next. Errors. Make some space after import foundation. Enum API config error colon error, localized error with braces. This is the first time we've seen an enum. Enums are used for grouping related values together in a way that's easy to manage and use. Think of them like a list of options or categories you can choose from. In this enum, we'll list all the possible errors related to our API config. We've also made our enum conform to the error and localized error protocols. Error allows the enum to be used for throwing errors in functions. Localized error enables us to provide more user-friendly messages or logs. This makes it easier to debug issues. These two protocols have part enum handle and describe errors in a clean way. Inside the braces type case file not found enter case data loading failed parentheses under lying error colon error right arrow key enter case decoding failed underlaying error error. These are the three issues that can cause errors in our API config file. the file isn't found, the data doesn't load, or there is a decoding issue, the data loading failed, and decoding failed cases both include an underlying error. This is because these errors can occur for multiple reasons. For example, data loading failed might happen because the file is corrupted or maybe the app doesn't have the right permissions to read the file. By including the underlying error, we capture the exact system error and use it for debugging. To finish the file, we can include user-friendly error descriptions. Hit enter a couple times after the last case bar. Error description. Hit tap to If we pause for a second, the editor will recommend finishing the property for us. Hit tap to autocomplete again. The editor did a pretty good job completing this property. Please make sure your file looks like mine. The error description string gives a better error description for each of our cases. When we get a data loading failed or decoding field case, we include the errors localized description to see what went wrong. A quick note, the error description string is an optional because it conforms to the localized error, which is also an optional. Our API config error enum is complete and now it's time to put it to work. Navigate back to API config.sswift. To start, let's organize the loading and decoding logic by placing it in its own function. After the parenthesis, make some space. Private static funk load config parenthesis throws return arrow API config with braces. A quick recap on functions. The private keyword restricts this functions access to only within the API config file. This ensures the logic for loading can't be called directly from outside. Our singleton shared is static which means it could be called anywhere in the project. Therefore, the function must also be static since it'll be going inside the singleton. Load config is the name of the function. Throws allows a function to throw errors if something goes wrong, such as a missing file. Finally, the return arrow indicates the function returns an instance of API config once everything is loaded and decoded correctly. Next, let's move the loading and decoling logic into our function. Start from the last catch brace and highlight everything up until the guard statement. Command X to cut. Click inside our function and press command V to paste. Replace the first fatal error with throw API config error file not found. In the catch statement, add let error as decoding error. Replace the second fatal error with throw API config error dot decoding failed underlying error error. We specify the error as decoding error to know exactly what went wrong with the decoding process. Decoding errors are really specific and this helps us better debug if needed. Add another catch statement with braces. Inside type throw API config error dot data loading failed underlying error error. With this we successfully integrate our enum to handle potential issues gracefully. Instead of crashing the app with fatal errors, we now catch and safely return descriptive errors. To finish this file, update our share singleton to be an optional. Inside the braces, write a do catch block. Inside do, return try load config. Try is needed because load config can throw errors. In the catch block, print failed to load API config error.localize description. After the message, return nil. This is why we made our share singleton optional. If there's an error during setup, share will be nil, allowing the app to handle the situation without crashing. All that's left is to test. Go to our content view. Delete the old print statements. Type if config equals API config.shared Print config. API key. Print base URL because API config.shared is an optional we have to unwrap it to use it. Unwrapping means we check if it's empty or nil. The if let statement checks if it's nil and if it isn't we print the properties. Command R to run. If you're showing your API key with the base URL, everything went fine. But very quickly, let's simulate an error. Go to API config and in the width extension argument, add an extra N. Command R again to run. This time we're showing the error we defined. The APA config file can't be found because the extension is mistyped. Most importantly, our app didn't crash. Very good. Please delete the extra N so everything works as expected. That's it for this video. Thank you all so much. Can't wait to see you in the In the last lesson, we focused on handling errors gracefully to make our app more reliable. With that foundation in place, the next step is to start building functions that will decode our server data. To begin, head over to content view and delete the onappear block. This was a placeholder for testing and no longer needed. Next, navigate to our errors file. Here, we'll create a new enum to manage and categorize any network related errors. Make some space after the closing brace. enum network error colon error comma localized error brace inside the braces case bad URL response parenthesis underlaying error colon error enter case missing config enter twice bar error description if your suggestion from the editor matches is mine. Press tab to autocomplete. Once again, the editors autocomplete gives us the correct structure. Press tab to save some time. This is similar to our API config error above. The case bad URL response will trigger if the application encounters an issue with the server response. Some examples include a wrong website address, a server error, or a response that doesn't match the expected format. case missing config triggers if something goes wrong with the configuration of our API config file. We'll need this when we unwrap our API key and base URL. By handling these scenarios, we ensure our app can gracefully manage unexpected issues during network request. With our enum ready, we can make a new file to hold our network functions. Press command N. Swift file. Next. Data fetcher. Our file is ready. Hit enter once after import foundation. Let tmdb base URL equals API config.shared. TMDB base URL. Enter. Let TMDB API key equals API config.shared. TMDB API key. We define the variables globally so that all of our functions can access them. Since the singleton API configurer is optional, these variables are optionals as well. This ensures that if there's an issue decoding the API config file, our app won't crash but handle the missing configurations. Hit enter a couple times after API key. Bunk fetch titles parenthesis 4 media colon string close parenthesis async throws return arrow bracket title bracket braces. Let's break down this function. We know that fetch titles is the name. It takes one parameter a string called media. The four in front of media is called an argument label. Argument labels make the function call more descriptive and easier to understand. We used four here, but you can use any word that fits your use case. Async throws means this function will run on a different thread than the main thread and might throw an error. This is important because as a network call, we don't want it running on the main thread with the UI. Doing so can lead to performance drops and a less responsive app. Finally, the return arrow indicates that this function will return an array of our title model. The purpose of this function is to connect to the URL and attempt to fetch the titles inside. The first step in this function is to build the URL where our data is located. To give you a better idea, I'll paste an example of what the URL should look like for trending movies. It starts with our base URL followed by several directories and ends with a query that includes your API key. To continue, we need to unwrap our TMDB base URL and TMDB API key inside the function guard. Let base URL equals TMDB base URL else with braces inside the braces throw network error dot missing below that guard let API key equals TMDB API key else with braces same thing throw network error dom missing config these checks ensure that TMDB base URL and TMDB API key are not nil if they're available they'll be assigned a base URL and API key respectively however if either of them are nil the function will stop and throw the network error.m missing config case. This will signal an issue with the configuration. With our base URL and API key values unwrapped, we can build the URL. Make some space. Let fetch titles URL equals URL parenthesy string colon base URL question mark enter dot appending parenthesis path quotes 3 slash trending backslash parenthesis media slash slash day enter dot appending query items bracket enter URL query item name parenthesy API key tab API key this builds the exact URL we have at the top it adds a path including the media string and the parameters. Then it appends the query items including our API key as an argument. Query items are pairs of information added to the URL to send data to the server. Quick note, we use a question mark after the URL because the URL string initializer returns an optional. This means that the string is invalid. The code will safely return nil instead of crashing. At this point, our URL is complete and ready to use. You've done an excellent job laying the groundwork for fetching data. In the next video, we'll build on this and complete the function. As always, great work. In the last lesson, we started building our fetch titles function and created the URL containing training movies. In this lesson, we'll complete the function by handling the API response and parsing the JSON data. First, let's fix a sneaky mistake in our URL. We forgot a forward slash after trending. Without the slash, trending movie would be combined and the URL won't work. To help us debug when we run the code, add print fetch titles URL. This will print the URL in our console and allow us to inspect it. We do get a warning because fetch title URL is an optional to safely unwrap it and handle potential failures. We need to update our network errors enum. Open the errors file inside network error under missing config case URL build failed. After adding your up build failed, we'll see an error because any switch statement handling network error now requires this new case. Click on the error fix. The code for our URL build failed can simply return failed to build URL. With our new case added, we can go back to data fetcher. Add guard in front of lat to safely unwrap our URL. At the end of the parenthesis, else with braces inside the braces, type throw network error dot URL build failed. This ensures that if our optional URL is nil, we throw a new case, preventing potential issues down the line. We can finally start parsing this response. Make some space after our print statement. Let parenthesy data comma URL response parenthesis equals try awaits URL session.shared data from batch titles URL. Let's break this code down. This function returns two values. Data, which is the actual raw JSON data from the API, and URL response, a URL response object that contains metadata about the request. This could include an HTTP status code which tells us whether the request was successful or not. These values are assigned to the variable stata and your our response respectively. Try is needed because this function can throw an error. For example, if the network is down, await means this is an asynchronous operation. So the function completes in a separate thread without blocking the app. URL session is a built-in class in Swift that handles network request. Dot shared is a singleton instance of URL session, meaning we don't have to create a new session manually. Finally, data from fetch titles URL makes a network request to the URL we built earlier. It downloads the data from the API and also gets a response from the server. Next, we need to check if the URL response is valid. I'll scroll down and hit enter a couple times. Guard let response equals URL response as question mark http URL response comma response status code double equals 200 else braces. We first check if the URL response above is a valid HTTP response. If it is, the HTTP URL response is assigned to response. Then we check whether our response variable has a status code of 200. A 200 status code means that everything went well and the request was successful. If either of these checks fail, we can throw network error bad our response underlying error any error. Since we don't have an existing error to pass, we need to create our own using NS error. NS error stands for nextstep error. an Objective C class used to represent errors in Apple's framework. Select the NS error that includes domain code and user info. We can put domain code and user info on their own line to avoid clutter. Domain represents where the error is coming from. In this case, parenthesis data fetcher works because the error comes from this function. Code is a status code from the URL response. We can attempt to get this code using parenthesis URL response as question mark http URL response status code question mark question mark negative one. If a status code exists, we use it. If there is no status code found, we default it to negative one, indicating an unknown issue. User info is a dictionary containing additional error details such as a descriptive error message. We can use brackets ns localized description key colon quotes invalid HTTP response. This ensures that if the response is invalid, we throw a readable error that helps identify the issue. I'll scroll down for more room. We check to make sure the response was valid. Now we can define our decoder. Click outside the guard statement. Let decoder equals JSON decoder. A quick note, our variable poster path follows camel case, meaning the second word starts with a capital letter. In the API, they use snake case, meaning words are separated by an underscore like poster path. To account for this difference, we can add decoder key decoding strategy equals convert from snake case. This tells the decoder to automatically convert snake case keys from the API to camelc case. Finally, we can complete the parsing. Type return try decoder decode API object self tab from data parenthesis results escape. Since decoding can fail, we need to use try in case an error is thrown. The decode function takes an object type and tries to convert the raw URL data into that object. In this case, we're decoding the data as our API object strct. Remember that API object contains an array called results. This results array is made up of multiple tile strrus where each str represents an individual movie or show with its properties. By returning results, we get a fully decoded array of titles that we can now use in our app. I know this was a lot to take in and some parts might have been a bit confusing. Feel free to rewind and revisit any explanation if you need to. Also, if you have any questions, don't hesitate to ask. I'll do my best to help. You're doing an amazing job, and the fact that you made it this far speaks volume about your dedication. That's it for this lesson. Thank you so much. I can't wait to see you in the View models are a key concept not just in Swift UI but across many frameworks. Their job is to handle data while the UI focuses on managing the interface. Separating these responsibilities is a common practice and an essential skill for any developer. In this video, we'll demonstrate how to build a view model. The first step, of course, is to create a new file. Make sure to select the Blossom movie folder. Press command N. Swift file. Next. View model. Create. Hit enter for space. It's important that our view model instantly updates the UI whenever the data changes. Therefore, we need to include the at observable macro. At observable allows this view model to automatically notify the UI of any data changes. We typically can't use a struck with at observable because strrus are value types. This means a new copy is created whenever they change. Instead, we can define our view model as a class. Now we can share and modify data without creating new copies. Inside our view model class, we'll define an enum to represent the different stages of the fetching process. Enum fetch status with braces case not started case fetching case success case failed parenthesis underlaying error colon error. Before making a request, we start with case not started where the UI remains empty. Once fetching begins, the state switches to fetching displaying a progress view. If fetching succeeds, we show the normal UI. However, if an error occurs, we'll display a view with the error message. With our enum created, we can now use it in the view model. down arrow after the enum closing brace and hit enter. Private parenthesy set parenthesy bar home status colon fetch status equals dotn not started private set ensures that only the view model can update home status. Other parts of the app can only read its value. This is important because only view model will know the value for home status based on the response. We initialize it with dot not started because no request has been made yet. The next step is to define our data fetcher. Before that we need to navigate back to the data fetcher file and convert it into a strruct. At the top after import foundation hit enter strct data fetcher open brace. Scroll to the bottom and add a closing curly brace to complete the strct. This was something I forgot to do in the earlier video and I apologize for that. The good news, you get to see how we fix mistakes in real time. With data fetcher fixed, we can return to our view model file. Press enter for a new line. private let data fetcher equals data fetcher. A quick note, private isn't required here, but since no other file needs access to data fetcher, it's good practice to include it. That way, when we call strrus and other files, we're only presented with relevant options. Next, we'll create an array to store training movie titles. New line bar trending movies colon bracket title bracket equals brackets. The trending movies array will hold a list of title strrus. We initialize it as empty to ensure our app doesn't break if no data is returned. With the property set for now, we can move on to creating our functions. Make some space and add funk. get titles parenthesis async with braces. Async is used because this function will make a network call. This allows it to run on a separate thread, preventing it from blocking the main UI. At the start of the get titles function, we could type home status equals fetching. When this function is first called, it will allow us to display a progress view to show loading. Next, we can add a do catch block since the function we're about to call can throw errors. Inside do trending movies equals try awaits data fetcher.betch titles for movie. Remember data fetcher.betch titles returns an array of decoded title strrus. We pass a string argument movie to build a URL for training movies. This is useful because in the future we'll need to fetch training TV shows the same way. If this completed successfully, we can say home status equals success. This tells our UI to show the home view. We just need to handle any errors. I'll scroll down first and add print error. This prints the error to log for debugging. Now we set home status to failed passing error as underlying error. This gives us an error message that we can have the UI show. This is a simple view model but we covered the core concepts of how it works. We just have a few more steps before we can see it in action but we're almost there. Thank you very much for spending some time with me today. I can't wait to see you in the In parameters are useful when you need to modify a value inside a function and have that change persist. Normally function parameters in Swift are constants, meaning they can't be changed. With an out, you can pass a variable into a function and have it change directly. In this video, we're going to apply this concept to complete our view model. inside our view model. Right now, we're successfully getting the training movies. However, each image from the API is only half complete. Let's jump into the constants file to see what's going on. The API only returns the last part of the image URL. To display the full image, we need to add the URL beginning part ourselves. We're going to create this in function inside our constants file. Let's first define the poster path beginning. I'll scroll down. I'll also make some room after test title URL 3. Type static let poster URL start equals tab. The editor might recommend it for you, but if not, you can just copy and paste it from above. We can delete the ending forward slash. It's already included in the API Right arrow, hit enter a couple times for space. Now we can define the function static funk add posture path parenthesis 2 titles colon and out bracket title bracket parenthesy with This function is static because we need another part of the app to access it. The function name is add poster path. We use the argument label two making it clear that we are adding the poster path to the titles. The titles parameter is an array of our title strct. The nl keyword signals that this array goes into the function gets modified and comes back out with the changes applied. I'll scroll down a bit more. Inside the add poster path function, type four index in titles indices with braces. This loops through all the titles in the array and gives us the index of each one, allowing us to modify them directly. Inside the for loop, add if flat path equals titles bracket index.polster path This checks if poster path is nil. If it has a value, we assign it to the variable path and modify it inside the braces. Otherwise, we just leave it nil. We can finally complete the modification. Inside the ifat statement, enter titles bracket index.poster path equals constants.poster URL start plus path. This takes the existing poster path, combines it with the base URL, and updates this value for each title in the array. Our function is complete. Let's use it in our data fetcher file. Scroll down to our return statement. Instead, type var titles equals. This stores the titles in an array, allowing us to modify it before returning the data. Now we can apply our in function to complete the poster path for each title before returning the array. Make a new line and add constants dot add poster path to titles. Return titles. The and before titles tell Swift modify the actual array, not a copy. This allows our function to apply changes directly. As we discussed earlier, we're complete with the in function, but we have time for one more thing. Navigate to our title file. We're going to create an array of sample data. This sample data will help us when we go back to the UI and work with our previews. Make some space after var poster path. Type static var preview titles equals Inside the brackets, type title down arrow to our strct. Right arrow. Select the one that has all the properties. This will ensure our sample data matches the actual structure of our API I'm going to space this out by pressing answer before title and after the closing parenthesy. This makes the code easier to read. Now copy this line. At the end of the line, type comma, enter, and command B to paste. Do it one more time. This gives us three tile strokes to work with. We just need to fill in our data. It's going to be pretty simple. Just follow along. Click on the first ID one. Tab. Beetlejuice. Tab Beetlejuice tab a movie about Beetlejuice tab constants dot test title URL I'll do the same for Pulp Fiction start at ID two P fiction a movie about old fiction constants test title URL 2. Finally, we just need the Dark Knight three. The Dark Knight. The Dark Knight. A movie about The Dark Knight. Constants test title URL3. That wraps up this video. We learned about inout functions and even got our sample data ready. I know we stepped away from Swift UI for a bit, but in the next lesson, we're coming back with an important topic. the infamous depending on who you ask model view view model or MVVM pattern. Thanks for spending some time with me today. The model view view model pattern is a popular design choice for many reasons. It helps keep your code organized by separating UI logic from business logic, making it more maintainable and easier to test. Like most things in coding, it's a bit controversial as some developers argue it's unnecessary in Swift UI. In my experience, MVVM shines in complex projects, helping clean uploaded files and making code more structured and readable. Even though Blossom Movie is small, applying MVVM will give us experience so you can decide if it's the right pattern for your own projects. To recap, our model is represented by the title file. This file defines the API object and is used for decoding our API response. There's also sample data to help us with our Swift UI views. While we're here, it doesn't hurt to fix a typo. Moving on, we have the data fetcher This file acts as a service that holds our network logic. It contains a batch titles function which connects to our API, retrieves the data and decodes it into a title array. Next, we have our view It includes an enum to track the fetch status, initializes a data fetcher, and stores an array of training movies. Inside the get titles function, it calls fetch titles to populate the trending movies array. Thanks to the at observable attribute, the view model automatically updates the UI whenever the data changes. To complete the MVBM pattern in this project, we need to connect the view model to our UI. First, open the horizontal list view file. Right now, it contains a static array of poster strings. Remove everything to the right of bar titles. replace it with colon bracket title. This allows us to define a title array when calling this view making it dynamic. We get a few errors. The first one being because we use self as the ID in our for each loop. Our title struck already conforms to the identifiable protocol. So we can remove ID do self. To fix the next error, use the title poster path property for the async image URL. Remember, all the title properties are optionals in case they're known in the API. Therefore, use a double question mark operator to provide an empty string if the value is missing. A default URL will be a better approach, but an empty string works for now. We have one more error in this file. The preview requires an array of titles to compile. Scroll down, click on the error, and select This adds the titles parameter, which we can set to title.review titles to resolve the issue. Our sample data coming in clutch. We're ready to go with this file. There are a few more errors to address. But before we fix them, open API config.json. Replace your key with your actual API key from the movie database. I'll be doing this off camera, but please make sure to do this as the code will work without it. If you need help getting your key, check out my API keys video for guidance. With that done, navigate to home view. Under hero test title, add let view model equals view model. This creates a new view model that will control the UI. Press enter after the scroll view brace. Type switch. Pause for a second to see if Xcode auto completes it. If it does, press tab to start the switch statement. Pause. Then press tab again to autocomplete the rest. It's always nice when Xcode helps us out. However, my switch statement isn't quite right. I need to change the third case to success. For now, I'll leave an empty text in there. Next I need to add the last case failed let error inside this case I'll simply add text error back slash error to break it down we executed a switch statement on the view modelhome status enum when cases do not started we We show an empty view with fetching a progress view appears in success. We currently have a text placeholder, but we'll add our UI here soon. Finally, in failed, we display the error as a text on screen. Let's scroll down to fix the error that's showing. Click on the error and select fix. This adds a missing titles array. Inside that type view model trending movies select the other three horizontal list views and comment them out using command forward slash. We pass the view model training movies to our horizontal list view which will display them. Although right now the training movies are empty. Now scroll up and double click on the lazy vstack Reselect everything from the ending brace back to lazy vstack. Press command X to cut. Inside the success case, select the text and paste with command V. If the case is success, the UI will not be displayed. The last step is to make sure the view model populates a training movies array. Double click on scroll view's open On the closing brace add dot task braces. Inside task type await view model.get titles. The task modifier runs an asynchronous task when the view appears allowing await view model.get titles to fetch data without blocking the UI. This is the moment of truth. If your preview builds and you can scroll down to see the trending movies list, you're good. Scroll to the right and take a moment to appreciate how fast and smooth it scrolls. This whole section has been leading up to this moment. If you're not so lucky, we'll troubleshoot. Now, press command R to run the app. I got the simulator up and the list is working great. Open your log and the first thing to check is the API address. Copy and paste it to an empty browser window. You should see data returned just like mine. If you don't see data, check your API address to make sure it wasn't mistyped. Also verify that your API key is valid. You might also have configuration issues. Compare your code to the completed version to find any mistakes. Misspellings in the title strct or API config.json are also common issues. This wraps up the video. Great job making it this far. We've learned a lot in the course so far and even implemented a clean MVVM design. I'll end it here, but I can't wait to see you in the next one. If you're not careful, a function can quickly get out of control, especially when you start reusing it for different tasks. To help combat this, helper functions in Swift can keep your code clean, organized, and easier to manage. We'll cover an example of using a helper function in this video to show how it can help simplify your code. Currently, we're fetching training movies from our API using the fetch titles function. Since training TV has the same URL, the only change needed is swapping movie for TV. But we also need to fetch top rated movies and TV shows. These calls have slightly different URLs, meaning modifying our fresh titles function. Let's open data fetcher and take a look. I'll paste the URL for top rated media right after the training URL. The URLs are similar with the main difference being the order of media and type. For example, the first URL uses trending forward/mov while the second uses movie/top rated. Additionally, trending includes day before the API query whereas the latter places top rated before the query. Since only the URL changes, we can keep the same function, add a parameter, and update the logic to build the appropriate URL. We could add the logic directly inside this function, but it will get big fast. Looking ahead, we'll also need this function for our search screen. Therefore, using a helper function now is a better approach. First, let's add the new parameter. After four media string, put a comma add by type colon string. This lets us specify the media as either movie or TV and choose between trending or top rated as a type. Now we can make our helper function. Double click on the fetch titles closing brace. Add a couple lines. Type private funk build URL parenthesis media colon string comma type colon string URL question mark with braces. We mark the function as throws allowing us to throw error enums when needed. Inside the helper function, we need to unwrap base URL and API key. Lucky for us, this is complete already. Scroll up. Cut the first two lines from fetch Paste them inside the build URL Make some space and add var path colon This path will be used to construct the correct URL based on the type. I'll scroll all the way down for more room. If type double equals parenthesis trending parenthesis braces path equals parenthesis 3/ slash backslash parenthesis media parenthesis slashday else if type double equals top underscore rated braces path equals parenthesis 3/backslash parenthesis media parenthesis for slash top_rated else parenthesis throw network URL build failed. With the path correctly made, we just need to build the URL. We got lucky again and already completed this. Scroll up to the fetch titles function and cut the guard let statement. Paste it under the else statement and build URL. Let's rename bash headles URL to just Also replace the hard-coded path and appending with our path variable below the guardlet statement add return URL. This completes the build URL function. Let's put this new function to work by scrolling up one more time. Before the print statement, type let fetch titles URL equals try build URL media media type type. We just need to unwrap since the build URL function returns an optional. Guard let fresh titles URL equals fetch titles URL else braces throw network error dot URL build failed. I'll fix our spacing. That completes our fetch titles function, allowing it to fetch both trending and toprated titles. Without the build your all helper function, this logic would stay inside fetch titles, making it messy and harder to maintain. Please try to use helper functions whenever they make sense. To wrap this up, go back to view model. Add the missing parameters for our fetch title call. We can put parenthesis trending. That's it for this video. Thank you for spending some time with me today. I'll see you in the next one. When making multiple async calls, using try wait for each one can slow things down. This is because each call must finish before the next one starts. To improve speed, we can use async let allowing each call to run parallel instead. In this video, we'll demonstrate how to implement async using blast movie as an example. Our view model currently only fetches training movies. We still need to get training TV shows, toprated movies, and toprated TV shows. The hard part is already done since our fetch titles function is set up to handle different URLs. Now, we just need to put it to work. We can start by defining our new arrays. Make a line after training movies. Type bar trending TV colon bracket title equals empty brackets enter bar top rated movies colon bracket title equals empty brackets enter bar top rated TV colon bracket title equals empty brackets like the training movies we create these list as empty in case the API returns them no next scroll Scroll down and press enter after the try await We'll call data fetcher to populate our new arrays. at trending TV equals try await data fetcher fetch titles for TV by trending top rated movies equals try await data fetcher fetch titles or movie by top_rated Top rated TV equals tryate data fetcher fetch titles or TV by top_rated. From here we can open home view. Go down. Uncomment the horizontal list views by selecting them and pressing command Errors appear because we need to pass an array for the different views. Click on the first error and press fix. Add view model dot trending TV. Click on the next error and press fix. dot top rated movies. We just see the last error. view model toprated TV. Our preview updates and if we scroll down, the rest of our titles appear. We've put in some work and our app is pretty well organized, making this addition seamless. Press command R to run the code. Scrolling down to the right, all the titles load pretty quickly. I'm going to close the app a couple of times and reopen it to test loading speed. Not going to lie, it's actually pretty fast. Keep in mind this is a small app with only four network calls going so far. As we add more to it, it might slow down with our current async setup. Let's see if we can improve it by going back to view model. I'll close the log. Right now, we're using try wait for each call. This means training movies runs first. Training TV waits until it's done to start and so on with the other calls. To speed things up, we can use async let. Starting with training movies, highlight everything to the left of data fetcher. Replace it with async let t movies equals. We can do the same for training TV. Async let tv Moving on to top rated movies async. Let TR movies And finally as sync R TV equals. Now we can update training to try movies. Training TV to try TV. Top rated movies to try movies. And finally, top rate TV to try 08 TRTV. By using async let the calls run in parallel instead of each one waiting for the previous one. Press command R to run the app. We have our app ready. I'll do the same test a couple of times. Closing the app and reopening it. The app is slightly faster, but as mentioned, this could really make a difference with more network calls and a bigger app. We'll stop here. Thank you for spending time with me today. I can't wait to see you in the next one. API network requests are one of the most performance- taxing and expensive things your app can do. It's important to think about how often you need to make a request and adjust your code accordingly. In this video, we'll rethink how our app is connecting calls and modify to fit the correct profile. In our view model class, we have our get titles function retrieving our data from the API. The issue is that the titles are retrieved even if the list is already populated. This results in more network calls than we need since our data doesn't update consistently. If this was a chatting app, it would make sense. Let's run the code to see. We can scroll down to see the titles populate. If we change the tab to and go back to home, the view is back to the top. This is because the get titles function repul the titles. With this API, it's unlikely the data changes that fast. When the user opens the app, populating the titles there is enough. We can fix this in our view model class. Scroll down right after home status equals stop fetching. Make a new line. If trending movies do is empty open brace. Scroll down to the catch statement. Add a closing brace. This makes sure the API is called only if trending movies are empty. Type else with braces after the if statement. Home status equals dots success. This lets our view model know that the list are populated and to set the UI normally. Hit command R to run. Now scroll down to load the titles. Press upcoming and go back to home. the titles didn't repopulate, making our API calls more efficient. It's a good idea to think about the calls you're making and how you need them. There's one thing left before wrapping up. Go back to the view model. Make sure you're inside the is empty Change the home status to fetching. This will keep the UI loading. Run the code. The progress view is sitting in the corner looking odd. To fix it, open home Select progress view. Add the dot frame modifier Set the width to go. Dow width. Tab. Gio. Run. Much better. Let's reset our status to do success in the view model. Run the code one more time. This is a big moment. Section two of the course is officially completed. We've been uploading this section for about 2 months. I want to thank you all for the support. It really means a lot to us. Section three will cover navigation. Can't wait to see you there. Most of the time when you're working with navigation, you'll go into some kind of detail screen as your second view. That usually means showing more information about whatever you're displaying on the main screen. In our case, we've got a list of titles. Therefore, we'll navigate to a screen that shows more details like the name and description. In this video, we're going to create this detail screen. Then we'll be ready for navigation in the The first step is to create a new file. Hit command N. Swift UI view. Next, title detail view. Great. Make some space after line 10. We want to define a title variable to build our view. Let title colon title make more space. Our preview needs a title argument. Click on the error fix. We can put in title preview titles bracket zero. This takes the first title from our preview titles array. Our sample data coming in clutch. I'll also show the canvas to help us build the view. Now we can build how the information will be displayed. Delete the famous hello world and set type geometry reader geometry in. We're going to display the title image for now but move on to YouTube video later. Geometry reader allows us to get the size of the screen for this Next, type scroll view with braces. Some of the titles have pretty long descriptions. In case this happens, scroll view will allow us to scroll down. Moving on, type lazy be stack alignment and content leading tab. Press enter for braces. This lazy vstack aligns its elements to the left of the screen and loads them when needed. Now we can declare our async image. Select the one with URL. URL parenthesis string title poster path question mark question mark quotes. We unwrap the title poster path and give an empty string in case it's nil. Add an open brace image in press enter a few times. after the closing brace placeholder This adds a nice progress circle as the image loads. Inside the async image braces, we can add modifiers image.resizable.scale to fit. Finally, add a dot frame modifier after the closing placeholder brace frame width and height geometry sizewidth tab geometry size.height times 0.85. This frame keeps a place for the image as it loads. With the image ready, we can show some text. text double parenthesis title name question mark question mark title title question mark question mark parenthesis dobbold dot font dot title 2 padding five we try both the name and title first if they are both nil then we Just leave it as an empty string. After we apply modifiers to make it look better. I would like the title closer to the image. Padding top, -20. Now we just need to display the description. Text title overview question mark question mark quotes five. This is a very simple detail screen, but it shows everything in the title strct except for the ID. As we move on, we'll add a download button and the YouTube video in place of the image. Fun fact, to make this screen, we had to use a little bit of everything from the course we've learned so far. Thank you for joining me. See you in the next one. Navigation is extremely important in Swift UI. This is because you'll want users to go to different screens in your app. Currently, the latest and greatest way to achieve this is with navigation stack. In this video, we'll show how it works by implementing it in Blossom Movie. We're going to start by seeing how buttons can drive navigation in our app. We have a hero title showing on the home screen. The play button is meant to take the user to our title detail screen. Right now, the title is just static. So, the first step is to show a different title every time the user opens the app. Since the app is called Blossom Movie, we'll use a different title from our trending movies list. Make sure you're inside view model. Under top rated TV, add a line. Type var hero title equals title preview bracket zero. This defines a new title called hero title. We initialize it using the first title in our sample data. By doing this, we'll have a fall back and we'll need to unwrap it later. Scrolling down, make a couple lines after top rated TV if flat title equals trending movies. Random element braces hero title equals This makes sure trending movies.rand random element isn't nil before assigning it to hero title. We're all done here. Open home view. Delete hero test title with command delete. There's an error inside async image because hero test title doesn't exist anymore. Replace hero test title with view model hero title. Poster path question mark question mark quotes poster path is an optional so we do need to unwrap it just an empty stream works for now the picture will just be a progress if nil press command R to run nice title changed I'll close and reopen the app to make sure it changes each Keep in mind, we're getting a random title from trending movies. Therefore, we might have some repeats. Step one is complete. Now we can get into the navigation. After we define our view model, type add state bar title detail path equals navigation path. Add state means the UI can change this variable. Navigation path helps us manage where the user goes in our app. Now we can embed our geometation stack. Make sure your canvas is open so we can use a shortcut. I'll adjust the canvas. Right click on geometry reader. embed navigation stack parenthesis path colon dollar sign title detail path. Navigation stack starts with your main screen and let you navigate to new ones. Kind of like stacking pages on top of each other. Path dollar sign title detail path tell Swift UI which screens be visited so it knows where to go and how to go back. Moving on, inside the play button action, we can put title detail path.append view model her title. This adds a new screen to the stack using hero title as a data for that screen. We do get an error because our title struck doesn't conform to hashable. To fix, open title.sswift Swift. After identifiable, put a comma hashable. Hashable let Swift tell if two items are the same. This is required when using navigation path. Let's go back to home And the error is gone. We can close the canvas. The last thing we need to do is add a navigation destination. Find the closing brace of our lazy vstack. Make some space dot navigation destination. Select for destination title self tab enter title tab tab title detail view title title. This tells Swift UI when we push a title onto the stack, show the title detail view with that title. It tells Swift UI knows what screen to show when we use that appending with the title. Hit command R to test. All right, our app is ready. Let's press the play button. Nice. It works. We can scroll down for the rest of the description. Our layout isn't the best. That's what I get for listening to the canvas and not testing. It's an easy fix. Open title detail view. Delete the negative padding. Run it again. Now press play again. Much better. That's all for this video. Thank you for watching. There's a good chance you'll be showing some kind of list in your app. When an item of that list is tapped, it's common to navigate to another screen passing the item data. In this video, we'll show how to achieve this using navigation paths. We want to keep the navigation logic inside home view. To do this, the tapped item needs to be accessible here. Open horizontal list view. Press enter on line 12. Type let on select colon title. Return our void. On select is a closure property that takes a title and returns nothing. The title we pass will be accessible to home view allowing it to handle navigation. Keeping that logic inside the parent view helps prevent nasty bugs. Now we need to pass the tab title to our on select property. The best place to do this is right before the for each loop ends. Here we still have access to the title that was tapped. Click the end of our dot frame modifier. Make a new line. The ontap gesture on select title. We just need to fix our preview. Scroll down after the closing parenthesis. Open brace title in. Press enter a few times. This tells a preview do nothing with the tab title. With this completed, we can go back to Scroll down. We have some errors to fix due to our new on select property. After the closing parenthesis, add an open brace title in enter times two inside the braces title detail path.append As a quick reminder, title detail path is a navigation path we defined on top.appen puts our tap title strruct into the title detail path. This allows it to be displayed in title detail view defined below with navigation destination. We just need to fix the other three horizontal list errors. Let's copy the closure we use with trending movies. Paste it for the next three. Always good to save some time. Before we test, we can cut our navigation destination modifier. Paste it right under our task modifier. It's good practice to have this modifier as close to the navigation stack as possible. This helps us see the navigation more clearly. Go ahead and run the code with command R. Let's click on our first trending movie. Nice. It works. Let's go back and do some more testing. I'll just click on a few Good. We're able to click around and go back to our home screen. Let's also make sure the hero play button works. Do it a few times. No issues here as well. a slightly shorter video, but if you're not careful, nasty bugs happen with navigation. These can include duplicate screens and views not being dismissed. That's it for this one. Thank you for You might want to display a web page or maybe a YouTube video in your iOS app. WebKit is a perfect tool to help accomplish this. This is a UI kit tool and at the time of this recording, there's no native way to do this in Swift UI. In this lesson, we'll set up a web view to display a YouTube video. This will get us one step closer to fetching and displaying trailers for each title. Before we get started, I want to point out it's not a good idea to keep sensitive information directly in the client or production apps. Firebased cloud storage or a secure backend would be a safer option. However, this is a practice app that won't be published. The goal here is to focus on learning and get better with Swift UI. With that out of the way, let's open our API config.json file. Add a comma after TMDB API key. Enter. Type parenthesis youtube base URL parenthesis colon parenthesis https colon YouTube.com slashmbbed. This will be the URL we use to show our YouTube videos. Next, open apicconfig.sswift. Swift after TMDB API key press enter. Let YouTube base URL colon string. This gives us access to the YouTube base URL string throughout our app. Please make sure your spelling matches with mine before moving on. Make a new file with command N. Swift file. Next. YouTube player. Great. We don't need import foundation here. I can replace it with import swift UI. Also add import web kit. Add a couple lines. Type strruct YouTube player colon ui view representable UI view representable lets us wrap a UI kit view and use it inside Swift UI. Inside the braces, type lat web view equals UK web view enter let video ID colon string enter let YouTube base URL equals API config.shared shared YouTube base URL UK web view creates an instance of a web browser but inside the app we'll use the video ID and YouTube base URL to load our videos inside it make some space and type funk make UI view context context return some view UI view inside the braces type web view this function is part of the UI view representable protocol It's called once our Swift UI view is created and tell Swift UI this is a UI kit I want you to use. In our case, show the web view we just made. Down arrow once. Add a couple more lines. Funk update UI view. UI view UI view type context context with braces. Another part of the UI representable protocol. This one gets called whenever Swift UI updates the view. We'll load our video here into the web view. Inside the braces, type guard lat base URL string equals YouTube base URL, comma, enter, let base URL equals URL parenthesis string base URL string else bracket return. This first unwraps the YouTube base URL string from our API config ensuring it's not nil. Then we convert the string into a URL. Also making sure it's not nil. If either of them are nil, we safely exit the function. Below that add let URL equals base URL appending path video ID. Enter web view.load URL request parenthesis URL full URL. We complete our YouTube URL by appending the video ID. Then we have web view load this URL. This completes the file. Let's now open title detail view. Delete async image. Add YouTube player video ID. Paste this ID in there. It's one of our most popular YouTube shorts. Add the modifier aspect ratio. Select aspect ratio and content mode. 1.3 for aspect ratio. Tab. Do fit for content mode. This modifier makes sure the video keeps the correct shape and scales proportionally. 4x3 or 1.3 is a YouTube classic embedded video ratio. Hit command R to run. The simulator is up. Click on any movie Perfect. We have our web player showing front and center. Press play. Need an SF symbol. And it works. Right now, all the titles will have the same video, but the next step is to work with the YouTube API to get the trailers for each title. Thank you for watching this video. See you in the next one. Google along with Apple is one of the main forces in the mobile development space. As an iOS developer, there's a good chance you'll use a Google product at some point. This could take form with Google O, Firebase or Google API. In this video, we're going to start working with the YouTube API. This includes getting our API key from the Google Developer Console as well as modeling the return JSON data. The first step in our journey is to get our credentials. Open your favorite browser. Type Google Developer Console in the search bar. Open the first link. If you haven't already, please make yourself a Google account. Once you have one, click on create project. I'll call this project Blossom Movie. With the project created, navigate to library. Find YouTube data API v3. Open it. Enable. Now we just need to create credentials. We're going to be using public data. we have our key ready to go. Go ahead and copy it. Let's go back to Xcode. Open APIconfig.json. Put a comma after YouTube base URL. parenthesis YouTube API key parenthesis colon double parenthesis. Please paste your API key in here. I'm going to put in your key as a placeholder. While we're here, we might as well define the YouTube search URL. Add a comma after the YouTube key. Enter search URL parenthesis colon parenthesis. I'll paste the URL here to save some time. It'll be in the description if you want to grab it. With our new properties in the JSON file, we just need to find them in API config.sswift. Swift. Make a new line after YouTube base URL. Let YouTube API key colon string. Enter. Let YouTube search URL colon string. Please make before moving on. The next step is to model our JSON data. I'll bring up an example of what a YouTube search car returns. This is the data we're working with. We're going to conduct a YouTube search on the title name and the word trailer. The only element that enters us here is video ID inside the items array. This video ID will be passed to our YouTube player to show the trailer. We'll simply use the first ID as it's most likely to be the correct video. Let's head back to Xcode. Command N for a new file. Swift file. Next, YouTube. Search response. I find it easier to start from the bottom when modeling NSA data set ID properties colon codable with braces let video ID colon string question mark. This models the last layer getting our video ID. It's a good idea to make these properties optionals in case the database returns null. We can go to the next layer up which is an object named ID. Make room at the top of ID properties item properties let id colon id properties question mark. We just need the top layer YouTube search response colon codable. The top layer has an array that contains item properties. Therefore, we can type let items colon bracket item properties bracket question mark. The str names themselves don't matter as much as the property names. Property names have to match the JSON data or else the app will crash. I'll bring up our working data one more time. Starting from the top, we have an array of items that contains an object called ID. Inside ID, we're able to get the video We're all done here. Everything is set up and the next step is to parse the data. Thank you for watching. Something about programming is that although rewarding, it tends to be a bit repetitive. For example, in our app, we already saw how to model an API response, build a URL, and parse the response. In the pursuit of working with the YouTube API, we already modeled the response. Now, we must complete the next two steps, building the URL and parsing. This will be the main topic of this video. It's good to remember that practice does make perfect. To start, open dataf fetcher.sswift. Swift. We need to define our new variables under TMDB API key. search URL equals API config.shared YouTube search URL. Enter. Let YouTube API key equals API config.shared shared that YouTube API key. To recap, our end goal is to show the YouTube trailer for each title in the detail screen. By using the YouTube API, we can get the trailer video ID and pass that in the YouTube player we made earlier. Now, we can create a function to build the URL and parse the data. Scroll all the way down. Click after the second to last curly brace. Hit enter a couple times. We'll make this its own function since it's a different API. Punk fetch video ID parentheses for title colon string close parenthesis async throws return error string. This function takes in a string called title. It also makes a network call and could throw an error. Therefore, async and throws are needed. The function returns a string at the end. Inside the braces, we need to first unwrap the YouTube URL and key guard let base search URL equals YouTube search URL else braces throw network error. Missing config. Down arrow. Enter twice. Guard flat. Search API key equals YouTube API key else braces throw network error missing config. The next step is to build our URL. I actually want to show a different way to accomplish this without hard coding like we did in the movie database. Open right after the closing brace. Make some space and scroll down. enum YouTube URL string colon string case trailer equals parentheses trailer case query shortened equals parenthesis q space equals case key equals parenthesis key. Using enims this way to group related strings helps prevent typos, encourages reusability, and keeps things neat. I wanted to show a better way than just hard- coding the values. I used this method in another project, and it's been pretty good. It should actually be YouTube. You're all strings. Going back to data fetcher under search API key. Let trailer search equals title plus YouTube URL strings.space. Value plus YouTube all strings.tra.value. value. This is one query we'll make to Make some space. Time to finally build our URL. Guard lamp fetch video URL equals URL base search URL appending URL query items. Press enter. After the first bracket, press enter. Press enter again after the closing bracket. This spaces it out, making it easier to read. We can now add our query items. I'll scroll down a bit first. Add a parenthesis after URL query item. Select name and value for name. YouTube URL strings dotquery shortened raw value tab trailer search right arrow add a comma to add another query item press enter first for better spacing URL query item name and value YouTube url strings key dot raw value tab search API key. We just need to complete the guardlet statement after the closing parenthesis throw network error dot URL build After we build the URL, add print fetch video URL. This will help us check the URL in the console. To help us see this more clearly, I'm going to paste the URL that we just built using Breaking Bad as an example. The first part is our base URL. We then add our first query represented by the Q and the trailer search string we built. The second query is our API key. I did want to tackle parsing in this video, but I actually think this is a good place to stop for now. Thank you for watching. Parsing API JSON responses is one of those things that keeps coming back. We've already seen how to do it with the movie database, but this time we're taking it a step further. In this video, we're going to refactor that code and make it reusable using Swift Generics. With the refactored code, we'll be able to parse our YouTube API response. We can open data fetcher to start. Parsing the response and our fetch titles function starts from let data you response to var titles. This code will be similar to parsing the YouTube response. The only difference being what object we return. We could just copy and paste the code down to our fetch video ID function. However, this is the perfect moment to introduce Swift generics. This can also be good code for later projects. Let's make some space after the fetch title closing brace. We'll make the function here first. Test it. Then call it for the YouTube Funk fetch and decode. Left arrow T colon decodable right arrow parenthesis URL colon URL comma type colon type parenthesis async throws t with braces. T col decodable lets the function know that the struck we're working with must conform to decodable. We pass in two arguments a URL and a strruct using t.type. t.type means we're passing a generic strruct that we want to decode like API object self. The function will perform a network request and can throw an error which is why async and throws are needed. Finally, it will return a strct represented by T. Select from lat data UR response to V titles cut with command X. Paste it inside our fetch and decode We just need some adjustments. Replace fetch titles URL with URL. Delete bar titles equals at the end. replace with return API object should be tel finally delete results. We replace our hard-coded values with the arguments we pass into the function. Here's a quick recap of what this code does. We use try await URL sessions that share that data to fetch data from the URL passed into the function. This gives us both data and a URL response. Then we unwrap the response and make sure it's a HTTP URL response with a 200 status code. If it's not, we throw a custom nextstep error that describes what went wrong. After that, we define a JSON decoder and tell it to use doc convert from snake case. This is needed since our JSON keys are snake case, but our swift strrus use camel case. Lastly, we use that decoder to try and return the object type T from the URL data. T is the generic type we pass into the function. We can actually replace this with type since we already defined the variable. Now we just need to call this function and fetch titles. Click under print fetch titles URL bar titles equals try08 fetch and decode API objects self dot results. Going back to title.sswift remember that API object has a variable called results and that's where the titles live. I think a rename is in order because we're now working with two APIs. Right click API object, refactor, rename. Add TM DB at the front. Enter. Navigate back to data fetcher.sswift. To clean up our strruct a bit more, let's move the helper function to the end. Select fetch and decode and build Command X. Paste them under fetch video ID. The final step is to use our new function to finish fetch video ID. Select after the print statement. Make some space. Return try 08. fetch and decode fetch video URL YouTube search response self do items do first id dot video ID question mark question mark quotes we pass in the YouTube search response struck this time remember this strct is pretty nested It returns a list of items. So, we grab the first item in the array. From there, we drill down to video ID, chaining each level with a question mark to safely unwrap. If anything in the chain is nil, we return an empty string using a double question mark operator. We're done with parsing the API responses. The fetch video ID funk isn't hooked up anywhere, but we can still test to make sure our new function works for fetch titles. Please update your TMDB key inside apeconfig.json before running. Hit Our simulator is up and everything loaded correctly. Click around to make sure everything is working. Good job with this. Thank you for watching and I'll see you in the next one. In our app so far, we've done a lot of leg work to get the YouTube API going. After modeling, URL building, and parsing, all that is left is to hook everything up. Although slightly controversial, we'll be using model, view, view, model to get everything up and running. Lucky for us, we've already built the MVVM structure in our app. That was the hard part. Adding more logic is much easier. Open view model.sswift. Press enter after the home status enum. We'll make a new enum to keep track of the video ID fetch state. private set bar video ID status colon fetch status equals dot not started. Let's press enter to space it out better. Make a new line under hero title bar video ID equals quotes. We'll use this property to hold the string that our YouTube API fetches. Find the closing get titles brace. Press enter a couple times after it. Funk get video ID or title colon string This function will be called in the UI to retrieve the video ID. We can set the status to fetching when called. Video id status equals batching. Create a do catch block under that. This will help us handle errors. Inside do we can call the API video ID equals try8 data fetcher. Fetch video ID for title video ID status equals success. We set this if everything goes well. Inside catch, we can print the error to our log. In addition, set the status to failed. Don't forget to pass the error for underlying error. This completes the view model. All that's left is to hook it up to our UI. Open title detail view. There are a few things I want to do here to make our code better on top of adding the feature. To start off, let's create a computer property of our title name. Make a new line after title bar title name colon string with braces. Inside the braces, type return parenthesis title.name question mark question mark title.title parenthesis question mark question mark quotes. This is the first time we've seen computer properties. It's a great way to add custom logic to your models without storing extra data. This logic tries to return their name or title first. If they are nil, an empty string is returned instead. Our API uses names for movies and titles for TV shows. So, we test for both. Under this computer property, make a new line. Let view model equals Our view model will control the UI depending on the API call result. Find the closing brace and scroll view from the closing brace through the open brace. Press command X to cut. This code will be used if the call succeeds. Inside the geometry brace type switch view model dot video id status Xcode completes the cases for us inside put empty view. We can tab over do fetching will just show a progress view. Add a line and add dot frame width and height for width. Geometry dots size dowidth tab geometry dots size doheight. This puts the progress view in the center inside case. Paste the UI code we cut. Replace video ID inside the YouTube player with dot video ID. We can also use title name inside text. Finally inside case.failed type text underlying error.lo For now, we just showed what error took place, but we'll make this more user friendly later. The last thing to do is to call a view model to fetch the video ID. After the geometry reader brace, make a new line. Task with braces get video ID or title name. Before we test, please make sure you update your API keys in API config.json. Hit command R to run. The app is ready. Click on the play button from the hero title. Nice. The video loads and it looks like it grabbed the correct trailer. Press play and it works. Go back. Let's try a train TV title. Perfect. Also looks great. Just a heads up with the YouTube API. Google limits the API calls per day. If you open enough titles, you'll get an error at some point. That's it for this video. Thank you so much for watching. With making iOS apps, there's a good chance you need different style of list. We already saw how to make a horizontal list. In this video, we'll make a vertical list in Swift UI, expanding our tool set. Let's start by making a new file with command N. Swift UI view. Next, vertical list view. create. Click on line 10. Enter. We can define an array of titles to use for the list. bar titles colon bracket We get an error because the preview needs a list of titles to use. Select the error fix pass title. Preview titles. Make a new line after titles. Delete the famous hello world list parenthesis titles parenthesis bracket title n inside the list braces async image URL URL title poster path question mark question mark quotes. We make a new list and pass our titles in. Then we show each title poster with async image by converting the poster path to a URL. Modifiers are needed on our async image. Right arrow twice bracket image in enter. Enter. Right arrow placeholder This shows a progress circle as the image loads. If the poster path is nil, we pass an empty string. That just keeps the progress view going. Go back in the async image brace. Image entertizable dots scale to fit dot clip shape. Rect corner radius dot padding These modifiers allow the image to be resized to fit within the space given. Make the corners round by a radius of 10 and add space around at five points. We want the title names to be next to the poster. Therefore, right click on image embed h stack. Make some space after padding five text parenthesy parenthesy title.name name parenthesy question mark question mark A title could have a name or title property depending if it's a movie or TV show. We try both and if they're null, an empty string is passed. Let's add a couple of modifiers to the title. font.system size 14.bold. By putting our title inside the async image closure, it won't show unless the poster loads. Click after the placeholder brace. Enter frame height 150. This keeps the list items no more than 150 points tall. Since no width is specified, each item takes up as much space needed horizontally. The list looks great, we can use it in our app, but only with sample data for now. Make a new file with command N. Swift UI view. Next, upcoming view. Delete. Hello world. Vertical list view. titles title preview titles. This seems like overkill to just call this in our content view. In the future, there will be logic here that can make our content view messy. Delete text contents upcoming string. Replace with upcoming view. Our app is up and running. Click on upcoming. Nice. We have our sample data showing as a vertical list. We still need to add navigation and of course real API data. This is the first time we work on another tab in the app. So, great job. We're done here. Thank you for watching. At this point in the tutorial, our vertical list is built. However, it's still only showing test data. In this video, we'll populate it using our API and display a list of upcoming movies. Open data fetcher. I'll paste the URL we'll populate our vertical list with this URL is identical to our top rated URL with the only difference being upcoming instead of top rated. We'll have to adjust our build your function to construct this correctly. inside the else if statement. Type or type double equals upcoming. Replace top rated with backslash parenthesis type. This will build the correct URL when top rated or upcoming are passed for the type. To make our code a bit better, delete trending in the first if statement backslash parenthesis type. The less hard-coded strings, the better. Our build URL function can now make the upcoming URL. With this, we can open our view model. Make a new line after video ID status parenthesis set bar upcoming status fetch status equals dotn not started. We'll use this enum to keep track of the upcoming titles fetch state. A new array is also needed to hold the upcoming movies. This can be placed after top rated TV. bar upcoming movies colon bracket title equals empty brackets. By making this array empty, we won't need to unwrap it later. Since this call will not be on the home screen, we can make a new function for it. Scroll all the way down. Make some space after the get video ID function. funk get upcoming movies parenthesis async with braces. Inside the braces, we can set upcoming status equal to fetching. Then we can make a do catch block inside do upcoming movies equals try await data fetcher. Match titles for movie by upcoming try as needed because this function can throw errors and a wait allows it to run in the background not blocking the UI. If this call completes upcoming status equals success. Now we just need to complete the catch print error upcoming status equals failed underlying error error. We print the error in our console for debugging and then pass the error in our enum for the UI. Everything is ready to go here. We just need to hook it up to our UI. Open upcoming view.swift. Make a couple of lines after line 10. Let view model equals view model. Delete the preview titles. Replace with view model.upcoming Make some space before this line. Switch view model upcoming status. This allows us to define a view for each state. In do not started. We can put empty view dot fetching is progress view cut the vertical list view code paste it inside dots success. Lastly text underlying error.lo description works great for case.failed. The progress view should be in the center of our view when it loads. Before the switch statement geometry reader brace go n delete the closing brace put it after the switch closing brace. Add a frame in progress view frame width and height go. Dow width go. size the height. center of the screen. All that's left is to populate the data. Bind the geometry reader closing brace entertask Inside the braces view model get upcoming movies. This populates the upcoming movies array. Before running, please make sure to update your API keys inside API config.json. Our app is up and running. Navigate to Nice. The data populates. We can scroll down and everything is in working order. If you're thinking it's getting easier to set everything up, you'd be right. A lot of the infrastructure was done in section 2, allowing our new features to be added faster. That's it for this video. Thank you for watching. Navigation is a critical aspect in any app. Like most things, there are a few ways to accomplish this. We already saw one way by using navigation stack and navigation path in the home screen. In this video, we'll demonstrate how to use navigation links with navigation stack for the upcoming screen. To start, let's open the parent view, which would be upcoming view. We need to embed this view into a navigation stack. Right click on geometry reader, embed, navigation stack. This allows us to enable navigation within our view. For example, tapping a list item can now push a new screen into the stack. The next step is to define a navigation link inside the child view. Open vertical list view. Make some space before async image. Navigation link with braces. Define a label after the closing braces. Inside the navigation link braces, we need to define our destination. Title detail view title title. This passes the title tapped before going to title detail view. Label defines how the navigation link is shown. The UI for the vertical list will do. Great. Select from async image till frame. Cut. paste it inside label. To recap, we add a navigation stack to the parent view. Then we add a Navigation link lets us define where the user goes and how the link looks using label. Please make sure the API keys are updated inside APIconig.json. The app is up. Select upcoming. Notice there are arrows on the right showing a clickable list. Click on the The title detail view opens correctly. I'll test a few more titles. Everything seems to be in working order. Let's go to the home tab while on a title detail in the upcoming tab. Click on the title. Go back to upcoming the detail screen maintained and upcoming. If we go back to home, the detail screen also maintained there. I do want to talk about navigation path versus navigation link to finish the video. Although navigation link is much simpler to use compared to navigation path, it comes with a few drawbacks. First, it's a little too eager to make the views. This can happen sometimes even when an item or button isn't tapped. Therefore, performance issues can occur. Second, navigation link only works with user interaction. You can't use it to navigate after loading data or handling things like deep links or push notifications. That means no async navigation and no programmic control. All that being said, navigation link does work and it's really simple to use. I think it's good for practice apps where the point is to work on other big features and keep navigation simple. However, for production apps, I would lean towards navigation path to keep performance and overall user experience tight. I wanted to show you both ways to give you more options. That wraps up this video. Thank you so much for watching. We officially finished the second tab on the app and are pretty close to completion. I can't We've seen how to build horizontal and vertical lists. In this tutorial, sometimes your app might instead need a grid layout with rows and columns of content. That'll be the main topic for this video, creating the UI for grid style list. This is going to be the third tab of our app that will contain the search feature. Therefore, we'll need to create a new file. Press command N. Swift UI view. Next, search view. Create. Make some room. After line 10, we'll define an array of titles here that will populate the list. bar titles equals title preview titles. For now, our sample data works great. Go ahead and delete the famous hello world. Instead, type scroll view with braces. This screen will later return a list of titles from a search. Therefore, we want to scroll view in case the search results exceed the screen capacity. Inside the scroll view, type lazy v grid. Down arrow and right arrow to see more options. Select the option with columns and content. Lazy V-grid allows the items to stack vertically into columns. Lazy means this grid will load elements only when they are needed on screen. Columns is an array of grid items that define how many columns our grid has. For this grid, three is perfect. Meaning we need to add three grid items. Select grid item. Press enter. Add a set of parenthesis before the closing brace, comma, grid item, parenthesis, comma, grid item, parenthesis. We could have to find different spacings and other properties for the grid items. However, just a simple version is good for our needs. Tab over to content. Press enter to complete the closure. The content of our lazy V grid can go inside these braces or each open parenthesis titles close parenthesis bracket title in enter twice. This loops through our titles list and gives us access to each element. For each element, just the movie poster is good. Put your cursor inside the for each braces async image URL URL parenthesis string We convert the poster path string into a URL and also safely unwrap it. If it's nil, an empty string is passed. A placeholder is needed for our async image as it loads. Add an open brace at the end. Image in. Press enter a couple times. After the closing brace, place holder. Enter. Progress view. They show the progress circle while the image loads. Now we can add modifiers to our async image inside the braces. Image entertizable dots scale to fit dot clip shape rect parentheses corner radius 10. These modifiers allow the image to resize into the lot space while keeping good aspect ratio and rounding the corners. To finish this off, we can add a frame for each of the images. Select the closing placeholder brace. Enter. Dot frame. Select the one with width and height. Width will be 120 points and height will be 200 points. This allows the images to only be within this frame. Our lazy V-grid is complete. We can scroll down on the list if more elements get populated. It's a shame our sample data only has three titles, so we can't see how the next row looks like. Don't worry, real data will populate here soon. We can run a quick test. Open up content Delete the text inside the search tab. Search view. Make sure your API config has the movie database key. Command R to run. Our simulator is up and running. Click on the search tab. We have the grid showing. That wraps up this video. Thank you so much for There's a good chance you'll need a toolbar at some point in your app. It's perfect for storing buttons, setting a title, or even housing a search bar. In this video, we'll build a Swift UI toolbar and add simple logic to make it dynamic. We can start by adding a title first. For this feature, the main view needs to be inside a navigation stack. Inside search view, right click on scroll view, embed This is a great first step as we'll need navigation later for this view. The rule of thumb when adding a navigation title is to be as close to the navigation stack as possible. The closest we can get is after our scroll view. Find the scroll view closing brace. I'll scroll down. Press enter after the brace dot navigation title. It's tempting to hardcode the title in there. However, a good habit is to have the strings in one place where we can manage them better. It'll also make adding logic easier. Open constants.sswift. Make some space after the top rated TV static bl string equals quotes movie search. Make a new line static let TV search string equals quotes TV search. In our view, we'll be able to search for either a movie or TV show. Therefore, we want the title to change depending on what's selected. In addition, we'll also need two icons. Hit enter after the download icon Static lamp TV icon string equals quotes. Copy and paste it below. Change the second TV to movie. Click inside the TV icon string quotes. The SF symbol name goes inside here. I happen to know the name is just TV. Select inside the movie icon string quotes. Command shift L. The icon for movies is going to be the clapper that says we'll take their in. Search for clapper. Press enter and the SF symbol name gets filled out. A good trick if you ever need to search for SF symbols. Our strings and icons are ready. Go back to search view.sswift. Inside navigation title, put constants dot movie search string. The title looks good. We also need a button to toggle between a movie and TV search. Press enter after navigation title dot toolbar I'll scroll down. Inside the braces, we can define a tool bar item. Select the one that has placement and Placement is where the toolbar item will be. dot top bar trailing. This puts the item on the right of the bar. Tab over to content and press Inside these braces, we can define what's in the toolbar. Type button with After the closing brace label, press enter to autocomplete. Label lets us define how the button looks. In this case, the button will be an SF symbol. Type image system name constants dot movie icon string. Nice. We get the image on the top right. Our toolbar is looking good. We just need to add some logic. When the movie icon is tapped, the title and icon should switch to TV. For this, a new variable is needed. Scroll up. Make a new line after v titles at state search by equals true. Add state allows a UI to change this variable. Private allows only this view to access the variable. Private isn't absolutely needed here, but it's good practice to keep everything scoped to what they need. With our new boolean, we can scroll down to the tobar item. Inside button, type search by movies toggle. Now, when the button is pressed, search by movies will go from true to false and vice versa. To finish the logic, we need both the navigation title and icon to depend on a boolean before constants that movie search string inside title search by movies question mark after constants dot movie search string colon constants. TV search string we use eternity operator where if search by movies is true then show the movie search string if it's false then show the TV search string for the navigation title copy the it turn itary operator logic paste it as a system name variable just use movie icon string and TV icon string. This completes the logic. We can test this inside our preview. Nice. Everything is in working order. This is a great place to stop. Our UI has an awesome toolbar and some logic to help in the later stages. Thank you for watching. I'll see you in the next one. Search bars are a common feature in iOS apps. They can help filter and organize data for the user. In this video, we'll add a search bar to our UI and construct the API search URL. To start off, we'll need new string constants for our search bar prompt text. This text will be displayed when the bar is empty. Open constants. Make a new line after TV search string static lat movie placeholder string equals quotes search for a movie. Copy and paste the line we just made. Switch out movie for TV. Search for a TV show. We'll need these two since we'll be switching between a movie search and TV search. Go back to search view. In addition to these new strings, we also need a variable to hold what the user searches. Make some space after line 12. at state private search text equals quotes at state allows a view to modify the variable. We use private because no other file will need to access this variable directly. All the precursors are ready. Scroll down and find the toolbar closing brace. dot searchable. Choose the one with text and prompt. For text, we can put dollar sign search This creates a binding. Whatever the user types in the search bar gets synced into our search text variable. Tab over to prompt. Search by movies question mark constants dot movie placeholder string colon dot TV placeholder string. We see the turnary operator here allowing us to display the correct prompt depending on the type of search. Please update your API keys in APIconig.json. Our app is up. Navigate to the search tab. Nice. Our search bar is showing. We can toggle it back and forth. Everything is working correctly. I do want to point out how easy it was to add the search bar thanks to Swift UI. In addition, we were able to use searchable because our view is inside a navigation stack. If we didn't use a navigation stack, for example, if we were in a sheet, then we would have to make the bar manually, which isn't too bad. We can get the bar rolling on hooking up the search bar to our API. A good place to start is to build the URL. Open data fetcher. I'll paste what a search call looks like. This one is a bit different than the rest of the URLs we've built so far. The word search is before the media type. And there are two queries, the API key and the movie or TV show we are searching. In this example, it's the movie Pulp Fiction. With this accounted for, we can scroll down to our build URL function. Click after the else if closing brace. Hit enter a couple times. Add else if type double equals quotes search with braces. Copy the path from the first else if Paste it inside our second else if. Switch around type and media. I'll backspace else so it chains Admittedly, these chaining if statements aren't the prettiest. It would probably look better with a switch case statement. Maybe we'll go back and tighten up our code in a future video. To wrap up, we just need to handle our second query item for the search URL. In the arguments, add a comma after type phrase colon string question mark equals nil. This argument is optional with a default value of nil allowing the function to be used without a search phrase. Scroll down before we make the URL. makes room before the guardlet Bar URL query items equals brackets. Copy the API key query item and paste it inside our new array. Every API call needs this API key query item to work. Now we can add the second item only if search phrase isn't nil. Make some space if search phrase with braces URL query items append URL query item name and value name will be quotes query value will be search phrase. Now we can pass the new URL query items in our URL. This successfully puts the search query into our URL only if it's needed. Unfortunately, we can't see the search URL in action just yet, but we are getting closer to adding the feature. We'll continue the next video. Thank you View models in Swift UI are surprisingly controversial. That's because Swift UI was designed with state management baked right into the view. In my experience, as the app grows and networking calls come into play, view models can help manage responses and keep the UI focused. We already have a view model in our current app. However, this view model is working with the home title detail and upcoming screens. To keep things better organized, we can make a new one to just focus on the search screen. Hit command N. Swift file. Next. Search view model. Great. Like our first view model, this one also needs to observe changes to its properties and communicate them. To do this, we can type at observable class search view model with braces. We're using a class here because it's a reference type, meaning changes to its properties reflect everywhere it's used. We've used enums to keep track of the different fetching states so far in the course. For this view model, we'll keep it simple and start with an optional property in case an error occurs. bar error message colon string question mark private set allows only this file to set the value of error string while still allowing others to read it. We'll also need an array of titles to store the results. bar search titles colon bracket title Making the array empty ensures it's ready to use and won't need to be unwrapped later if something fails. The last property we need is an instance of our data fetcher to make the API calls. private let data fetcher equals data fetcher. It's completely private here as no other file will need access to it. Let is also used because it won't change. Our properties are ready. We can now make our function bunk get search titles by media colon string or title colon string Media will change depending if you are in a TV search or movie search. Title is a search term the user will enter in the search bar. Async is used as this function will be making a network call. Inside our function, write a do catch block. Let's go reverse and fill out the catch block first. Print error error message equals error.lo This prints the error to our log and assigns a user friendly message to our error message. We'll display the error message in our UI later. Inside the dup block, error message equals nil. If title is empty, search titles equals try awaits data fetcher fetch titles for media by We first clear out any error messages. Title is going to be what the user types into the search bar. If the search bar is empty, we'll return a trending list of movies or TV shows depending on what the user is searching. After the if statement, type else with braces. Before we can fill out this else statement, we do need to make an adjustment. Open data Currently, our fetch titles function doesn't have a way to add a search term. We can fix this by adding another parameter. After string, add a comma with title colon string question mark equals nil. This creates an optional parameter called title and assigns nil if it's not used. Title will be how we pass our search term. With our new parameter, we just need to adjust the build URL call. Add a comma after type search phrase colon title. Our build URL function was made to complete the search URL only if search phrase is not new. With this adjustment, go back to search view model. Inside the else block, search titles equals try await data fetcher fetch titles for by width or will be the media pass in the arguments. We can pass search in for by width will be title. In hindsight, it would probably be better to group our parameters with enums. If you're working with a team, they most likely wouldn't know to pass in the string search or trending for the different API calls. Just some feedback for our own code. This completes our search view model. All that's left is to wire it up to the UI. We'll tackle this in the next video. Thank you for watching. Delaying an API call or debouncing is a great way to build an efficient search feature. Using this method can help prevent unnecessary requests every time user types. In this video, we'll demonstrate how to complete an async search bar using debouncing. With our view model ready, we can now hook it up to our view. Open search Make a new line after search text. Private blatant search view model equals search view model. This view model will hold our titles and error if there is one. Let's complete the search bar logic first. Scroll down. After searchable, add task. Select the one with ID and action. For ID, add search text. Tab. Press enter to complete the closure. This task modifier will rerun the task inside anytime search text changes. Search text is bound to the search bar. Therefore, anytime the user types, a new API search will trigger. Inside the code block, type try question mark08 ask. 4 milliseconds 500. This adds half a second delay after the user stops typing. Without the delay, our API will get called after every keystroke, which isn't ideal. Make If task is return here, we exit early if the task was cancelled to avoid running outdated searches. That can happen if the user keeps typing after stopping causing the text to change midtask. Now we can add our API call await search view model dot get search titles by search by movies question mark movie colon TV or search text. We use a wait because the function is asynchronous meaning it runs in the background. The call will look for either a movie or TV show depending on the mode with the search text. This completes our search bar logic. We also need to add the API call when toggling between a movie or TV search. Highlight and copy line 51. Scroll up to the trailing toolbar icon. Add a task block after toggling the boolean. Paste the API call in it. The task block allows us to call an asynchronous function inside a place that usually doesn't support a wait. In our case, inside a button tab. Just a couple of more things before we can test. Scroll up. Delete the titles inside for each. Replace instead with search view model search titles. We can use these titles as they will get populated with our API calls. Don't forget to delete the titles property as our sample data is no longer needed. The last thing is to display our error if one happens. The best place to have this error is right before lazy B grid inside the scroll view. Add a couple lines before then. If let error equals search view model dot error message inside the braces text error dot foreground style red dot background dot ultra then materialclipip shape direct 10. We added some styling to our error text. If let is great here, as if no error exists, the view will get drawn like normal. That completes this view and we're ready to test. Please update your API keys inside APIconfig.json JSON and hit command R. Our app is up and running. Click on the search tab. Nice. Our grade view populates with default titles. I'll try to search Harry Potter. Good stuff. Let's cancel. and some default movies pop back up. Toggle for a TV show. Harry Potter now returns TV shows. I'll search instead for one of my favorite TV shows, Breaking Bad. There it is. I do want to show how the error looks like offscreen. I'll delete the movie database API key and run the app again. The app is back up with no API key and we have an error on the home tab. We didn't install this error and it shows navigating to search. The error looks much better here. It scrolls up and down with our view. I do want to talk about some ways this screen can improve. To wrap up, if we search for something that doesn't give results, an error saying no search results would be nice. In addition, a default image when the titles don't load would be better. Right now, we just have a progress circle that doesn't stop spinning when this happens. We won't be adding these features, but if you want to try, please feel free. Navigation is all that's left to finish this section and that will be the topic of the next video. Thank you for Our search screen is looking great, but still needs navigation to be complete. We've seen how to use both navigation path and navigation link to complete this. Out of the two, let's use navigation path for this screen. Navigation links are easier but come with performance issues. If you're just joining us, the starter code for this video is in the description. Let's start in search view. Make a new line after search view model navigation path equals navigation This variable will allow the view to track and control navigation history. Inside navigation stack, add parenthesis path colon dollar sign navigation path. This binds the stack's navigation state to our navigation path, letting us push and display views. Scrolling down, we need to append a title to our navigation path when it's clicked. One way is to add a tap gesture to our async image. Make a new line after frame dot on tap gesture. Navigation path append We just need to tell the path where to go when there's a title object. Scrolling further down, make a new line after task dot Navigation destination or destination in four type title self tab. Press enter to complete the closure. The closure variable can be title inside the braces title detail view title title. When the title strruct is passed into our navigation path, the view will navigate to title detail view passing in the tab title. We're ready to run. Please update your API keys for the movie database and the YouTube API inside API config.json. Our app is running. Navigate to search. Click on the title. Perfect. Our title detail screen is working. This completes the search screen. To wrap up, I would like to add a button to the title detail screen for the final section. Make some room after title overview button with braces. label inside label text constants dot download string dot ghost button. We'll just keep the same button style already made earlier. I do want the button to be in the middle of the screen. Before the button, type hstack with braces. Go to spacers. Cut the button and paste it in between. This will center the button. Press command R to run. App is running. Click on any title and our button is showing correctly. This completes our async search bar. We've come a long way with this app and I want to thank you all for the support throughout this journey. I'll see you in the final section. Swift Data. Swift Data is Apple's modern framework for managing data offline. It's efficient, lightweight, and easy to use. In our app so far, we display data primarily from the movie database API. The goal in this section is to save and delete titles in the download tab. If you're just joining us, the starting code is in the description so you can code along. The first step in this journey is to get our title model swift data ready. Starting in title.sswift, we can replace import foundation with swift data. Foundation wasn't used in this file and the swift data import allows us access to the library. The tile strct is what will be saved in our data. Therefore, it needs to be marked with at model. To properly use this macro, change strruct to class. At model converts a swift class into a stored model that's managed by Swift data. There are a few errors that happen with this change. The first of which is because in it isn't used. Make some room after the poster path property. Type in it and press enter to autocomplete. Adding init tells Swift Data exactly how to create our class from scratch. Without it, Swift data can't properly initialize all sort properties when loading the model from storage. The next error is because our model isn't conforming to the decodable protocol. Scroll down. Add a couple of new lines after in it. Required in it. Wait a few seconds and autocomplete if it adds a decoder. Required in it tellswift data how to create our model from the decoded JSON data. Since we also change the strct to a class, required init make sure any subclass can be decoded the same way. Before we complete the required init function, coding keys are needed to properly match the JSON's object property to ours. Right above required in it, make some space enum coding keys colon coding key with braces. inside coding keys. Case ID, case title, case name, case overview, case poster path inside required init let container equals try decoder.container keyed by holding keys do self. This line creates a container that lets us access the JSON data using the keys defined encoding keys. Now that we have our container, we can try to decode and initialize our properties. ID equals try container.deode if present int self or key do ID. All our properties are optionals because there might be a chance the server data returns nil. In this case, I found decode if present is a safe way to continue. We just need to complete this for the rest of our Title equals try container decode if present string self for key.title. Copy this line and paste it three times. One, two, three. Replace the rest of the Name dot name dot overview and poster path.poster Our model is Swift Data ready. The final step is to add a model container to our app. Open blossom app.sswift. At the top, import swift data after the window group closing brace model container or title. This creates a Swift data container that knows how to store and manage title objects. It'll handle saving, loading, and keeping our model data in sync with the database. With this, our model is ready. We'll put it to use in the next one. Thank you for watching. Saving and displaying data is a critical step for any app managing data. Lucky for us iOS developers, Swift Data makes these actions very simple. We'll showcase this in today's video. There are two places we can save titles in the app. The first is the download button in our home tab. That's a good place to start. Open home view. Make a new line after title detail path. Type at environment parenthesis backslash dom context var model context. This grabs our connection to Swift data. With it, we can insert, delete, and save data anywhere in this view. Scroll down to our download button. Inside the braces, add model context.insert view model hertitle. Try question mark model context.save. Here we insert the hero title into Swift data and then try to save it. Adding some kind of feedback would be a good idea, but this works for now. The second place we save is inside our title detail view. Let's navigate there. Make a new line after view model at environment backslash.model context bar model context. Before we write the save logic, it's important to think about how our API data is structured. The movie database API has both movies and TV shows. For movies, it uses the property title. As for TV shows, it uses a property name. That's why we include the title name competed property in this view. It checks which property isn't nil and returns it. With this in mind, we shouldn't save the title to our database as is. This can result in a database where the name can be in two places. When we try to sort, a nightmare can occur. A simple solution is to modify the data before saving it. Scroll down to the download button. Inside the braces, type let save title equals title. Save title.title title equals title name model context.insert save title try question mark model context.s save by putting the title name and title. We make sure the title is in one place. It's odd to see that let was used instead of bar here. Remember that title is now a class not a strruct. Let only locks the reference, but the properties inside are still mutable. Therefore, let is okay here. It's worth mentioning that this wasn't needed in the hero title save. That's because hero title will only show different movies. As we discussed, movies already have their name in title. The save feature is complete. Before testing, we need to display the data saved. Let's make the last file of this project with command N. Swift UI view. Next. Download view. Create. After import Swift UI, add import Swift data. Make some space before the body at query bar saved titles colon bracket title. This line tells Swift that fetch all the saved titles. It also updates the list automatically whenever the database changes. Inside the body, we can delete hello world. Add a navigation stack. Then a quick logic check. If save titles that is empty text no down loads dot font title 3bold. It's a good idea to display some kind of message if the list is empty. That way the user doesn't just see an empty screen. Add an else after the if We'll reuse our vertical list view to display the save titles. One more thing before we test open Replace download string with download Please update both your API keys for the movie database and the YouTube APIs in download. The empty list message is showing correctly. Go back to the home tab. Press download on the hero title. Back to download and our title is showing because we reused the vertical list view. Navigation is already included. Let's go back home and select the trending movie. Download that one. Back to download. All good. Everything is working so far. There are a few things left to do, like being able to delete, not allowing duplicates, and sorting. We'll tackle all that in the next video. Thank you for watching. Deleting data is just as important as saving in any app. Users will most likely have data that they'll want to delete at some point. Swift data makes this action insanely easy. In this video, we'll demonstrate how we can accomplish deleting as well as sorting in Swift Data. I would like to keep things Apple native and have the delete button as a list swipe action. Let's open a vertical list view to get started. We have to remember that this view is used for both our downloads list and upcoming movies list. This is important because we don't want to allow the swipe action in the upcoming list. To help keep things separated, we can add another property. Make a new line after titles. Let can delete colon bull. When this view is called, we can set can delete to true or false. Helping us with our logic. We also need the model context to make changes to our database parenthesis backslash domod context bar model context before moving on. Scroll down to fix the Set the preview boolean to true. Scrolling back up after the label closing brace, add dot swipe actions, select the one with edge and content. Dot swipe actions allows us to define an edge either leading or trailing. Leading will show at the front of the items trailing at the end. For this action, go ahead and put trailing. Tab over and hit enter. I'll scroll down a bit. Inside our code block, we can first check if deleting is allowed. If can delete with inside here, make a button with a label. Our label will be image system name with quotes. Inside the quotes, hit command shift L. Look up trash. Choose the first one. Add a tint modifier. Let's make it red. So far so good. Inside the put in logic, we need to delete the title. Model context dodelete try question mark model context.save. This completes our swiping logic. There are a few errors to address before testing. Open upcoming view. Click on the error. Fix false. Lastly, go to download view. Click on the error. True. Please update your API keys inside API Our simulator is up. Click on download. Swipe the first title. It looks like I accidentally put the swipe action on leading. Easy fix. Go to a vertical list view. There it is. Switch it to trailing. Rerun the app. We're back. My apologies. Let's go to Swipe to delete the first item. Close the app. Reopen back to download. Looks good. We do need to check our upcoming tab. Try to swipe. Nice. We're not able to. Just a couple of more things left. I would like no duplicate titles in our data. That's an easy change. Open title.swift. before v id type at attribute dot unique. This macro makes sure that each title saved in swift data has a unique ID. Therefore, if two titles have the same ID, saving won't be allowed, preventing duplicates. I would also like to sort the list in alphabetical order. For this, open download view. Add a parenthesy after query sort colon backs slashtitle.title. This macro will sort our swift data titles alphabetically by the title property. Remember when we save our titles we make sure all names go into the title property. Let's run this code and test it. Our simulator is up. Try to save the hero title a few times. Go to download and it only saved once in home. Download a few titles so we can test the sorting. Get some TV shows. One more TV show. Looks like it's in working order. We're all set with these features. There is a small bug left in the app. We'll tackle it in the next one. Thank you for watching. Bugs are a natural part of development. Where there's code, bugs can and will appear. We combat this by testing our apps and trying to catch bugs before production. At this stage, our app has all the features we wanted to add. However, if we go to the upcoming tab, click on the first title, download, the screen goes white. It's important to note this bug only happens on the upcoming and download tab. The common denominator of these tabs is that they were made with navigation links instead of navigation paths. Another reason not to use navigation links in production. The best solution is to rewire our upcoming and download tabs to use paths. We have seen this a few times in the course already. I challenge you to do this on your own and test your skills. Use search view as a guide. For our purposes, when the double button is pressed, we'll dismiss the detail screen. This is definitely a workaround to show different options, but using navigation paths is a true solution. To start, open title detail view. Make some space before the title property open parentheses backslash.ismiss bar dismiss. This property provides access to the current views dismiss action. We can call dismiss to culture sheet or navigation destination when needed. We'll place this in our download button after everything saves. Scroll down. After model context.save, dismiss. APIcon.json. Our simulator is up and running. Go to Click on the second title. Download. Nice. No more white screen. To finish off the iOS 18 version of this app, I want to display errors better. Please remove the API keys and rerun the app. The simulator is up and as you can see, the home screen error is real sloppy. Going into the search tab, it looks much better. Let's have all our errors look like this. Inside Xcode, open search view. Copy the modifiers on our error text. Open constants. Paste the modifiers at the end for now. Copy and paste the ghost button extension. Rename the second one Get the modifiers and paste them inside With our new extension, we can go to Scroll down to our error case. Delete everything inside text. Type error.loicalize description and at the dot error message modifier. I would like this error to be at the center of the screen. We use our geometry reader for the progress view last time. Scroll up to the progress case. Copy the frame modifier. Scroll back down. Paste it after the error message modifier. Before moving on, copy both modifiers. Paste the modifiers on the error. Replace gio with geometry. We just need upcoming view. Same thing with the modifiers. That should be good. Please run the project. The errors look so much better. That completes the iOS 18 version of this app and the course. I want to thank you all for the support. We're going to take a break from YouTube and work on our first paid course. It's going to only use Swift data and Swift UI to keep things lean and fast. Thank you again and I'll see you in the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @SoySauceFor3 [26 likes]: In the year 2025/2026, it is hard to see people writing every bit of code by hand. Much respect for that, and I am lucky to see an up-to-date Swift + iOS tutorial!
  2. @labbedaine [4 likes]: Thanks for the tutorial. I’m running into an issue with the YouTube player — it shows “Error 153: Video player configuration error.” Could this be related to YouTube blocking embedded videos? When I try the following link, my browser returns the same 153 error: https://www.youtube.com/embed/bd_5HcTujfc
  3. @michaelcervantes1311 [3 likes]: In the video you said you would put the image url's in the video description but they aren't there.
  4. @iTube4U [3 likes]: this is the reak swiftie i always wanted to be
  5. @ТарасЕпитифоров [1 likes]: directo al telegram a ver qué más compartes hoy
  6. @Hoppinghobo51 [1 likes]: @ 2:35:30 Seems like YouTube API now requires a valid referer header, so if you're getting a 153 error from the YouTube player, that's why
  7. @yigitirfanturan3061 [1 likes]: it was well planned and very educated course video, it is really hard to find instructors who explain each important detail , goal and techniques when they teach. most instructor skip or forget to explain even basic and core things in the video, they act like everyone know coding even in the beginner courses. Really thanks for it , it was also class more than just learning language. it is nice video to who wants to learn developing.
  8. @billymartin6497 [1 likes]: @BlossomBuild,  I could not get the Search Bar to be at the top. Finally I asked AI and was told I need this and it worked, but I don't know why it worked for you without it:

placement: .navigationBarDrawer(displayMode: .always),
  9. @digitalsketchguy7844: My Mac Mini M1 256GB 8GB RAM is too small to download xCode and all the dependencies & simulators. - it's a huge download 😔
  10. @PiyushJ-rw2xr: cARLOS BUILDS A  feature rich TV & movie browsing app
  11. @MiRa-m6d: Friggin kidding me? Mixing localization with parameterization (text and url go into the same module)???

No mention of it being lang specific, just "stuff it into constants"

Engineering ftw!!!.
  12. @NEX_THOUGHTS: only on mac seriously:face-purple-crying:
  13. @deryousef2798: notes for myself: 47:00 theMovieDatabse docent send verfKey
  14. @saishashankn1758: You are so bad at explaining stuff
  15. @fremontcheng2424: Thank you so much
  16. @charlyfields: more, more, more
  17. @strumbi217: Really good tutorial with nice project exmaple to learn swift
  18. @choooaround: Thank v much! I learnt so much
  19. @juanpabloisazamarin751: I've been working as a React Native dev for the past few years, and recently wanted to learn more about native iOS development. Really appreciate the use of best Swift practices :)
  20. @OhArchie: Great video! Lots of good info for someone transitioning to SwiftUI development.

Could do without the constant congratulations for essentially watching you build each code mod, tbh. It's creepy and gives off participation trophy vibes.

- iOS - Xcode Project Infrastructure: Kind: captions Language: en Okay, good morning everyone. The lecture this morning is going to be fairly brief, I believe, but it's on a fairly important topic that a lot of iOS developers don't understand until they basically develop for the platform for a year or maybe even two. And that is just the different parts that go into an Xcode project and how they work together. Usually you don't have to care about that too much in the beginning, but as you start adding libraries and building more complex projects, you usually should know about these things. But it's not super easy to get an overview. So I hope this lecture will give you an idea of what workspaces are, projects, targets, schemes, all such kind of things that you might hear hear about in the next couple of months. If you have any questions around that at any point, then let me know. So I'm going to start talking about projects and workspaces and targets, schemes, build settings. We also going to talk about code signing which is kind of an annoying thing and most of you will basically trip over it when you try to submit your first app. And then at the end about the entitlements P list and the info P list. So none of this stuff is incredibly exciting by its own but if you actually get stuck in any of these steps then this lecture should be helpful in resolving issues. So I think it's pretty valuable. So if you start an Xcode project and you actually build a little bit more complex project then it might look like this. On the top you might have a workspace. A workspace is a collection of different individual projects. You always can have at least one project that is can represent your app but you might also have other projects which can be libraries or or frameworks that you want to use. Inside of each of these projects you have what we call targets. And I'm going to talk about each of these components a little bit in more detail, but targets are essentially a definition of how you build a product out of your project. So a potential product could be the app that you install on a phone. So the target would describe how to take the individual parts of the project and then build an app out of it. So that's a highle overview of some of the different components that go into building an iOS app. What are projects? projects are essentially just a collection of source code and resources that you need to build any kind of target and they're typically structured into groups. So these folders you see in Xcode are not actual file system folders but they called groups and they allow you to organize your resources. The projects also are a collection of different targets. So you cannot only have one target which would for example be the app that you put onto the device but you might have different targets for example one that runs tests or one that generates documentation or in some cases you also have multiple targets for the same app if you have a free and a paid version of your app and you would take the same source code but you'd have two different targets one that is built for the free app one that is built for the paid app and that they are slightly different. Additionally, you have build settings. Going to talk about that a little bit more too. You have build settings essentially on a project level and on a target level. And these build settings define different rules about how your project is going to be compiled into the target. So I talked about targets quite a lot. You can find targets inside of the project navigator here on the left side. On the top level you see a project and below that you see targets. By default you typically have three targets in total. The one is the actual app that is going to be built onto the device and then there are two different test targets. We're going to talk about automated testing but essentially these test targets are used for that process. That means they run your app and they run tests similar to these tests that you have now built for your uh API server and these are bundled into separate targets. Each of these targets defines how a product is built. So the app target will define how the binary is built that lands on your phone. The test target will describe how the tests are built and how the tests are executed. These targets can override the build settings of the project. So the project will have some settings and that will for example define where the frameworks are linked. That's a specific folder. And then your target can come in and override these settings and define specific ones for the tests or specific ones that are only valid for your app. We won't really dive into the details of that, but it's useful to understand that you can have settings that are different per target if you actually run into a situation where you need to define multiple ones. Another topic that you might heard about of are schemes. You can find them when you click into a top bar where you have the name of the app and the device that you're running on. Then you can select a scheme. And a lot of your apps will come with multiple schemes. You can select them from a list over here and you can edit them in a view that looks like this. A scheme is basically a collection of targets that you build with different configurations and the collections of tests that you might execute when building these. So most likely you won't have to touch the schemes really, but the schemes allow you to define how your app is built onto device and how does this run. So a scheme is a combination of a target and your project and basically the way of how the project is executed. So for example on which device it runs and which uh which launch flags you have. So what are build settings? Build settings is a long list that you can see when you select a target or a project and you go to the build settings tab. Essentially it allows you to define anything from the target SDK. For example, will this be built for iOS 7? Will it be built for iOS 8 to like the deployment targets that defines on which types of devices it can run. And there are a whole bunch of settings. It's actually kind of interesting to look over them uh and you'll have to deal with them in many cases when you have build errors. So understanding some of these build settings is pretty important. Yeah. Can you talk a bit on the different architectures and why most of the options they have debug and release and what different? Yeah. So the question was can I talk about the different architectures and why they have debug and release settings. So I think actually for architectures we don't have that uh particularly but in general architectures define on which processor on which architecture can your app run. One of them for example is ARM 64 which is typically the simulator. So the simulator is a different architecture because it runs on your Mac actually running on a phone because there are different processors. Then there are different types of processors on the phone. There's ARM 7, RMBB7S, and ARM 7. These are the newer phones. There even ARM 6 ones that go like to the iPhone 4, I believe. So, essentially have different architectures and they have slightly different feature sets. Usually, you're not concerned with that too much, but um it basically allows you to exclude certain device types. For example, if you use a library that only runs on ARM 7 and doesn't run ARM 6, then you can exclude ARM six here by not including it in this list. And if you have ARM 6 in there, then you have to basically build two versions of the library. One that runs on older architecture and one that runs on a newer. I'm not 100% which one is mapped to which device type, but essentially different processors for different uh devices. Then the debug and release settings are more relevant for most of the other build settings. Essentially, you can imagine if you test your app, there might some might be some settings that you want to activate in in debug builds when they run on the simulator when you want to test them, but then you don't want these build settings to be activated for release builds. Um, some of them are, for example, how your app is optimized. So, the compiler makes some optimizations and in debug mode it leaves out all of these optimizations so that you can have break points, you can easily analyze your code. Whereas in release mode, it will optimize your code as much as possible. But that makes it harder to map back from the running code to actually a source code. So these are examples where debug and release are built slightly differently. Okay, any more questions regarding build settings? Okay, actually these have become a lot less relevant with Swift. In Objective C, when you want to build a library and include it in your project, you would have to change a lot of the build settings to actually link these libraries. But in Swift, the model is a lot easier. So for the biggest part you won't have to touch a lot of these build settings. So build settings as I said they provided on the project and on a target level the most important things that you'll touch is which SDK version do you want to build with. Is it iOS 8 or 9. That will also influence which devices you want to deploy to. You can basically say the minimum device type is iOS 7 or iOS 8 or iOS 9. And that means you'll have to think about how to support these different devices. For example, if you want to support back to iOS 8, then you cannot use all of the APIs that were introduced in iOS 9. Or if you want to use them, then you have to use an alternative in case the device is running on iOS 8. Additionally, another setting we're going to talk about that in the code uh signing section is the provisioning profile that you use to sign the app. So these are the two most important build settings that you will deal with. Let's talk about code signing. So code signing essentially has a goal of making your apps signed by a developer and therefore making sure that when a developer when a user installs app on a device they know that it basically is an app that was built by an authenticated developer and was not downloaded from some third party source from the internet because Apple uh correctly assumes that if you can download apps from anywhere then there's a high risk that you download apps that are misbehaving and that didn't go through the app review process and extract user data from the phone even though they shouldn't. That's why in general on a phone on an iPhone you can install anything outside of the app store and to ensure that everything that lands in app store is actually provided by authenticated developers. There's this code signing process. If you remember one of the very first lectures we talked a little bit about public private key encryption and that is again a process that is used for code signing your apps. So when you want to start to ship apps to the app store, you have to create a certificate and a provisioning profile. And these essentially are wrappers around your private key. Then you download this uh provisioning profile and certificate and you have a private key in your keychain. Now when you went when you build an app and you want to submit it to the app store, the process that happens is you take that app, you generate a hash from that app, then that is cosigned with the private key. And this all is packaged up. Your app, the signature that is signed with the private key, the certificate that contains the public key and the provisioning profile. Going to talk about that more. All of that gets contained into one package and sent to the app store. And then the app store will validate that the app store has a public key that matches this private key by verifying the signature. And thereby the app store will know that you with your Apple ID have actually signed the So that is just securing that the app is signed at the point in time where you submitted to the app store and that you are actually an authenticated developer. So on the other side, the verification takes a signature. It takes the public key that Apple knows belongs to your account because you created it in your developer portal and then it decrypts it and it ensures that the hash that it generates from the app and the hash that it generates by decryting the signature is the same and if that is the same then we know that the signature was valid. So again by using public private key encryption we can ensure that the owner of the private key actually has signed this app. So what does it do? It firstly ensures the identity of the developer of the application. That's important. So Apple knows who submitted this app. But it also ensures the content of the application. Because we take the hash of the application, we know that no one has changed the content after it has been submitted to the app store. Because if someone had changed the content, then the hash that we generate from the app content would be different. So this makes sure that no one intercepts the app package or maybe injects some malicious code that for example logs all user input and sends it to some private server. So for any hackers that would try to integrate any kind of malicious software into your app, it would be detected in this step that it happened. Is that clear why? Cool. So it ensures both integrity of the app and identity of the developer. Um, just in interesting side note, if you looked into this code signing process a little bit before, then you see that the certificate and the provisioning profile have an expiration date. They usually only last for a year. But when you ship something to the app store, you can actually leave it on there for five or six or how long? Basically, as long as you want without that it expires. That is the case because Apple resigns your app before they submit it to the app store. So all the users that download your app actually download it with a certificate is provided by Apple that never expires and Apple basically only uses your private code signing infrastructure for the process to submitting it to Apple. Once Apple has the app, it resigns it and then sends it to the app store. That's why even though your your certificate expires, it will never expire on App Store and you don't have to update the app every year. So terms to clarify them, certificate is basically a combination of the public key and identifying information of your of you as a developer. That means your name, your email address. That's very similar to the certificate that I talked about when we talked about SSL encryption. So the same certificate that would contain information about the company that is hosting the website. Here is about the developer that is building the app. The provisioning profile is a combination of the certificate. It's also contains a list of valuable devices. So if you're not submitting to the app store, but you're actually building a test build and you want to submit to some of your testers, then the devices that are eligible for installing that app or part of the provisioning profile. And lastly, the provisioning profile contains entitlements and that's the last step I'm going to talk about. But these entitlements define what an app is allowed to do and which services it is allowed to use. So for example, if it's allowed to use location services or if it's allowed to use keychain services. So you can actually take a look inside of the keychain at your certificate to see the information that is stored in there. And then you'll see that there's some identifying information about you as a developer, including expiration date. So the entitlements, I touched on this briefly. Inside of your app, you can inside of the project settings, you can define different entitlements that allow your app to use different services that Apple provides. Some of them for example are Apple Pay, passbook, using the game center or using access to the maps API and location services. Basically, Apple here also wants to make sure that you have to define up front which service you want to use so that the user they can basically verify that as part of the application submission process. On Android, it's a little bit different there that is conveyed to the user. So whenever a user downloads an app, they have to define if the the app is actually allowed to use the keychain, if it's allowed to use location services and and so on. On iOS, Apple does that for you by basically verifying that the app only uses the stuff that is necessary and verifying that as part of the submission process and then just letting the user download the app. As part of that, they basically want you to ver define up front which services you want to use. And you do that both in the project side but also as part of your provisioning profile. And then you will only be successfully able to upload an app if the things you set up in the project here match the ones you defined inside of the provisioning profile. So we define the privileges and they have to match the ones that you set up in the developer center. So if you say you want to use maps, you have to do that both in the provisioning profile and in the project settings. So to summarize code signing because it's a fairly complex topic, we have entitlements. They define what app is allowed to do and that is also part of the provisioning profile. The provisioning profile also specifies which certificates can be used to sign your app. And then lastly, you code sign the app with that certificate using the private key that is contained inside of it to ensure that you are actually the developer submitting the app to Apple and verify the content and also verify the content of that app by making taking a hash of the app and ensuring that the content landing on Apple's side is exactly the same that has been signed on your device. Last we have an infop list. Some of you if you've done iOS development stumbled upon that as well. That is basically all the target specific settings that are not relevant for the build process. So here we don't talk about build settings but we talk about uh relevant information for the finalized product. So that lands on the the device of the user. These are things like the product version, the product name or the storyboard entry file. Usually you don't touch it too much either, but if you want to change the product version, you do that inside of your project settings, but it actually happens inside of the info list. So that's just another piece of the whole um basically infrastructure that allows you to set different build settings and target settings. Are there any questions around this code signing project settings, target schemes? So I hope I was able to give you a rough overview. Um these slides should help you refer back to getting the high level concepts and for each of these topics you can read a lot of additional resources that are linked but that high level overview should help you understand different issues and resolving them probably more or less self-sufficiently. Thank you.

  Top Comments:
  1. @rjrj217: simply amazing

- Deep Dive: Fan out Builds for faster performance and stability on Bitrise | WEBINAR: Kind: captions Language: en My name is Damian Murphy. I'm a sales engineer here at Bitrise. And uh some of you already know Bitrise is a mobile focused continuous integration and delivery platform. Uh I've been building apps uh mo enterprise mobile apps, cloud applications for over a decade. And today I'm going to share with you what I've been working on for the past few months here at Bitrise. Uh there's a couple of things that I want to highlight before we start. So um this is advanced bit rise so you know it's not for the faint-hearted. Uh it's a work in progress. So a lot of what we're doing here is you know breaking new ground and um you know the steps I'm going to share and the code I'm going to share this is all going to be shared through my own uh GitHub account. So uh we're still working on making all this you know official bit steps but you can leverage this in your workflows uh right now. Um and it will require multiple concurrencies to achieve a fan out uh greater than one or two. So um yeah, if you want to ask a question during the webinar, um there is a little question mark. I'll actually just show you here. Yeah. So there's a little question mark down here. And uh you can click that and when you type a question down uh it will uh show up as a question and then we can we can highlight those questions for you uh so that we can answer them easier. Uh if you just want to chat you can use the typical chat. Cool. So yeah, so without further ado, the reason that we're all here today is uh to talk about fan out builds. So you know, the main driving reason uh that we wanted to to do this was we wanted to find the fastest way to run iOS simulator tests uh without sacrificing stability uh and avoid any unexpected iOS simulator crashes. um like we've all done tests where you know you run it again and magically it just works and a lot of that is to do with the performance and stability of um using parallel simulator testing. So in order to figure out what exactly was you know the failure rate and how we could uh mitigate it uh we ran thousands of simulator tests on multiple machine types uh using the open-source Firefox iOS project. Uh the Firefox iOS app uh has about 200 UI tests. So it was a pretty substantially large enough um app to to run these tests with. So once we identified the max parallel simulators that could run without any crashes on each machine type, we then set out to optimize how we could run these simulator tests, you know, with that in mind to get the the maximum out of the hardware that we had. Um so to do this, I leveraged a feature of Bit R called fan out builds. So um so yeah what is a fan out build? Um a build that is triggered by other builds right so you know you can think of this as like you know you have your initial pipeline come in and it gets to a point where it's built its artifacts and then it wants to fan out to multiple other uh tasks that can run in parallel. And we call this a fan out because it it basically fans out to multiple. Um and the idea is after the fan out u builds are complete it will then collapse back into that single primary and then we can leverage the the results of those builds. So why are fan builds important? Um they really help to speed up your builds. So you know if you've got a lot of sequential tasks that you're running maybe code coverage um UI testing unit testing all of these things can actually happen independently. Um, and that's because you know we build the app once and then we run these subsequent tasks on those build artifacts. So what can you do with a fan build? Um, so there's a couple of options. Uh, what I'm going to focus on today is this first use case. Uh, so simulator testing. So you know the main the main task here was to take you know very long running tests that could take you know 90 minutes you know um and split those up to run in parallel so that we can complete those tasks in a fraction of the time. Um but you can also mix and match it with other uh additional options. So things like unit testing code coverage linting h you can even build different variants or flavors of your application as well in parallel um so that you can speed up those test times. So I'm going to show you a quick demo of um what a fan out workflow looks like. Um so let me share my screen. So yeah, so this is um a primary build here and this primary build has actually kicked off six um parallel workflows. So um you can see here that the the primary build took 4 minutes and 48 seconds and then each of these workflows took around 2 minutes. Oh, sorry. This is here. Yeah. So, it took uh 6 minutes 45 seconds and then these ones took about uh 2 minutes each. And then I also have a comparison where there was no fan out. Um now this is a pretty trivial example uh where the tests being run there's only three tests in the test suite. So there's, you know, there's not a huge amount of testing being done. Um but just to show this one takes 8 minutes without that uh that fan out. And you can see the results here in the test reports add-on. So you can see here all the tests have come back from each of the workflows and are viewable in a single location. So to do this um you know we have a typical standard uh bitrise workflow. Uh if you're not familiar with bit a workflow is um basically your build pipeline um and each one of these is a step. So this is like a sequential step in your workflow. Um so we're going to clone the repository you know install our cocoa pods and then we do a build for testing. So what's interesting about the build for testing is that you know when you use the Xcode build command and build for testing um you can reuse those artifacts then um just to test the application. So you don't need to rebuild it multiple times and then we're going to compress that bundle uh push it to the cache and then we're going to use this uh bit start build step. So this will kick off um six separate workflows and you can see here I've got uh multiple workflows here. So each one of those is going to get kicked off in parallel. Um now while while the workflow is happening you have an opportunity while you're waiting to do other work right so in here you could you know also test your app you could do code coverage linting installing dependencies that you're going to use later. Uh there's really just a lot of uh options and you can save a lot of time by leveraging that that wait period. Um so then the wait for build step will basically uh wait on those router uh started build slugs. So this just means hey you know when these six steps are finished uh this step will continue. So once it continues then what we're going to use is the bitrise collect artifact uh step. Now this is a pre-release step so it's available for my own uh repo. Uh so we'll make this available like the other steps uh pretty soon. Um so once that collects all the artifacts back using the bitrise API then we can uh basically convert those artifacts using uh a tool called trainer. So trainer will convert the xc test results into junit xml and when we deploy that to uh bitrise that will make them available as build artifacts. So uh each each of the fan out has a single um uh XC test result and then the test reports here will basically make those available uh all in the all in the same place. Cool. So so that's um that's how you do it in a very simple manner. Now I've also been working on a way to automatically generate your um um your test plans. So, you know, if if you have a uh an Xcode project that uses uh test targets, um you need a way to split these tests between multiple uh fanouts. So, what we've done is we've we've created um a way to go in look at your Xcode project and pull out these uh tests and basically autogenerate test plans for them. So with that in mind, this Bit R test plan sharder will basically go in look at it and you know here I've I've specified two test shards. So it's created two test plans and it's split them uh evenly between them. Um and you can see here the test plans that it generates um just there. So the test plans are basically a bit of uh JSON and you can leverage this inside your um Xcode project and also your scheme. So it updates all of the required uh dependencies. Um so when this runs you end up with something like this where you can see you know there was one test in this and there was two tests in that. And this all happens without any need to change uh your Xcode project your your test target. It's just pretty smart that it will will pull all this out. Um to show you a little bit about that. So this is the test plan sharder. uh you tell it where your source is, where your Xcode project is, which test target you want to shard, uh the Xcode scheme where these test plans will end up, and how many test plans you want to create. And then if it's a Swift or an MP file, um so yeah, so if you've got, you know, 10,000 tests and you you want to split it into a thousand a chunk, you can do that. Um okay, cool. So getting back to the presentation and uh is there any questions here? Let me just take a quick look. Okay. So, does every test workload need to clone repo install? No. So, uh the beauty of sharing the build artifacts means that you can send over um the derived data. Uh but you also need to send a couple of other things with that. Um and I can actually show you that right now. So in my uh workflow where I do this cache push, so I'm actually going to send a derived data, but I also need to send my application that I'm going to test. And there's there's actually two apps here that we're going to test. Um, and I also need my workspace and my Xcode project. And the reason I need these is that these are parameters to the Xcode build command. So if I take a look at one of our test commands, you know, we're going to unzip the derived data and then we're going to do a test without building. And uh you can see here we need the XC results, we need the XC workspace. So each of these things becomes available then for the the fan out builds to actually leverage that uh pre-built data. Okay. And then just getting back to the questions. Okay, that's done. show one of the fan. Okay, so I just showed that there. Um, I think that was pretty self-explanatory, but I can I can go back at the end if you want to revisit that. Um, and another question, do we have an Android equivalent? Uh, we haven't started on Android yet. So, uh, that's that's basically going to be our next task. Um, and hopefully we can, you know, speed up your Android bills as well. Okay. So this export code coverage. Yeah. So there is an option to enable code coverage to be exported um in the test plan. Um so I haven't enabled that or exposed that but that's something I can definitely add. Um uh it should just be a boolean that we can add to the test plan sharder to enable that. Does the sharder also work with firebased test lab UI testing? So for firebased test lab you can actually leverage an open source project called flank and what flank will do is it will shard your tests for you and then they'll be run on real devices. So what we're doing here is primarily for running on simulators. Um, but you could leverage it, I guess, to some extent on Firebase if you wanted. Uh, but I think Flank is a more established real device testing uh, sharder that you can you can definitely use both swift and mclass file sharding. Yeah. So, you might actually need two steps in this case. Um, so you would need to shard your target with your swift cases and your target with your uh, Objective C cases. rolling builds and auto aborting. Yeah. So, this is this is definitely something that has to be uh considered. Um right now, as far as I know, we won't kill a fan out uh build if the primary is aborted. Um but we do have a feature uh in in progress to enable that. This make it possible to have a parallelization of iOS and Android builds for React Native apps. How do each builds have access to the project? Yeah, so this really depends on how you set up your uh your React Native app. Um but it's definitely something that we can we can investigate further. Where do the tests run fire test lab or simulator? Yes. So these tests are all running in um Bit R's VMs. So you're basically, you know, fanning out and running uh additional builds, you know. So your initial build will trigger two builds and those two builds will run in parallel and then they'll come back to the to the original primary build. Okay, I think two more questions here. Testu has 10 tests in it and two of the tests failed in the execution. Do we have the option to rerun only failed tests instead of the entire test suite? Um yeah, this could be achieved using the Bit R API. So if you wanted to do a retry mechanism, uh that's definitely possible. how you start several bills. I tried that in the trigger menu, but there I could only select one workflow per GitHub branch. So, I'm have to set up secrets, which confused me. Yeah, I'm not I'm not 100% sure what the question is there, but you should be able to start uh multiple workflows, one per line uh with the bit start build step. [Music] Um, okay. Two intense sharding will probably slow down the entire thing. What is a good factor for sharing? Yeah, I'm actually going to get to that uh uh next. So, we can we can probably move on. Um preboot the simulator to fasten the build. Yes, that's that's actually something that uh I've suggested. So, like a boot script where you can warm up the simulator. H it's not available yet, but it's definitely something we're looking at. Share the setup of the workflows in the YAML. Yeah, I'm going to share all the code so you can get this up and running in your account uh afterwards. And yeah, you will get all the documentation, all the code, and a blog post at the end of the webinar and possible paralyzed detox tests. I'm not 100% sure. Uh I'll check with our Android specialist about that. Um but I think that's it for questions. I'm going to get back to the task at hand. Okay, cool. So that was the fan out workflow demo and thanks for all your questions. They were super useful. Um, okay. So, how many fan out builds you use? So, this kind of, you know, gets back to the question about, you know, if we fan it to too many, we're going to run slower, right? Because, you know, there's an overhead of kicking off the build and, uh, you know, getting the cache data. And then also, you know, the simulator takes maybe 45 seconds to boot up. So, you've got about a minute hit every time you start up a fan out. Now, that's a minute across all fan outs, so they happen at the same time. Um, so let's take a quick look then at uh a fan out calculator that I created. Yeah, we're we're going to share this calculator so you can also leverage it. Um, so basically the idea is you want to put in your total build time. So here I have a 40minut build time. Um, and currently I'm using four concurrencies, right? So the idea here is to identify, you know, what your current build time is, what your current concurrency is, because when you fan out and your builds speed up, you actually have a higher throughput. So although you're fanning out to more concurrencies, which require more concurrencies, you're also saving more concurrencies because your bills are faster. Uh the busy wait time. So this is uh basically what determines um how much work you can do uh while you're waiting for the work or for the fan outs to finish. So you can see this here in um in the primary where it actually uh installs trainer. So you know there's obviously a lot more you can do here. You can even run one of your uh UI tests during this time and but you just have to make sure that you you know you run the right amount of work here because if the work you run here is longer than your fan out then you're going to be waiting for this work to finish and then alternatively if you don't do any work here then you're going to be not leveraging that time that you could have. Um and then the total test time. So let's say you have a 40minut build time and a 20 minute test time and then a 1 minute bootup. So what you can see here is basically you know for each fan out how long will that fan out take to run the tests what will be the reduced build time um how much time will be saved and the concurrency load. So what's interesting about the concurrency load is that you know when you speed up from 40 minutes to 21 minutes, your concurrency load goes from 4 to 2.1 concurrencies, right? Because you're able to complete your builds faster and then free up those concurrencies, but you have the additional overhead of four additional concurrencies. So then your total concurrency count um basically becomes, you know, the concurrency load plus how many fans plus the primary, which is plus one. Um so that gives you that number and you can see here when we when we chart this we actually end up with a very big drop on the first fan out and then we kind of get diminishing returns and then we flatline and the reason we flatline is because of the busy weight. So if the busy weight uh doesn't uh have anything to work with then you see that we we do get additional win but when you have work to do you save that time. So you're saving 5 minutes off the total test of the total build time here. Um, so this is a very useful thing. So it's going to obviously be different for different scenarios and but what we found is like four fan seems to be pretty optimal. You could go to five to save a minute. Um, but you're really getting um um uh less time saved per additional concurrency. Um, so it's kind of it's not one sizefits-all, but it's definitely something that you can uh you can use. And we'll we'll share that calculator in the blog post as well. Okay. So, getting back to the presentation. Yeah. So, so one of the big driving factors here was stability, right? Like what we wanted to do was we wanted to speed up tests but not at the risk of like one in 10 bills failing, right? Like you can increase parallel simulators, but you're going to get randomly failing builds. So, yeah. So what we wanted to do was to make sure that you know we found the optimal amount of parallel simulators to run on each machine type. Um but also to make sure when we fan out that we're not compounding any simulator uh instability because if if you have a 5% failure rate and you fan out the four parallel simulator four parallel builds, you're basically going to have an increased chance of one of those four bills now failing. Um so that's why we did a lot of research on stability and performance metrics. Um so before I do the uh performance stability test results, let me just check the questions. Uh does Bit R tester split the unit tests into the modular architecture ID for iOS project all workspace with several Xcode projects? H so at the moment this targets one Xcode project and it targets one Xcode scheme um and one uh target. So you you've basically got, you know, the the project, the target, and the scheme. And this will do it uh just for one of those. So if you wanted to do it for multiple, then you could use that same step multiple times and just target different uh targets or schemes. And I think that's it for questions. And let's go back to the presentation. Yeah. So performance and stability test results. So let me share my screen again. Okay. Yeah. So, so this is a a tool I built to basically analyze all of the builds that I was running. Um, and you can see here we ran over a thousand builds on our public cloud. And what this does, it leverages the Bit R API to pull back um the Bit R build log and then it scans the build log and detects the simulator crash. So you can see here, you know, on our elite 3VM quad simulator tests, you know, we had sim error true here. Um, and you can see here the percentage of um failed simulator or failed builds due to simulator crashes. Um, and we had to run quite a lot, right? Like to to get the elite with three sims uh to crash five times, you had to run 340 builds. So that that is a 1.5% failure rate. um which which is pretty small but you know when you're compounding those with fanouts that that can increase and then with four parallel simulators we got a 5.4% 4% uh failure rate. And you can see the average build time here, you know, with one simulator was uh obviously a lot longer than, you know, with two, three, and four. And but it's not a linear benefit. So it's not like suddenly adding two parallel simulators um increases that speed. Um so getting back to the presentation. Yeah. So yes, so we ran over a thousand bills. Uh these are the counts that we ran. Um I had to run more tests on certain uh configurations to actually get any failures. Uh so that's why not all of them are 100. Uh the plan was to run exactly 100 on all but you know one in 100 you may miss a 1% failure rate. Uh so that's why we ran 343 here. And then here you can see the failure rates in relation to you know the standard machines, the elite machines. You know one simulator never crashed. Uh, two simulators did crash on the standard machine about 6% of the time. Two simulators never crashed on the elite machines, you know, after 132 runs. And this is kind of what we expected as well, and I I'll get to that in a minute. Um, so yeah, so we ran a,000 hours of tests and and that's a lot of tests. Um, so you know, the average build length for each of the different parallel simulator counts uh is shown here. So you can see that, you know, when you move from um a single simulator to a double simulator, you actually get quite a big drop on the elite machines, but not so much on the standard machines. And that's because of the resources available to those simulators. Um the more you add, the more they need. And you know, if you don't add enough RAM or CPUs, then you're not going to get those speed benefits. Um and you can see here you know we nearly cut the time in half with four simulators uh on the elite machines. So from 71 to 34 uh was basically yeah like took half the length of time. So it's not like you can run four and suddenly run in 25% of the time. H it's just not a linear um uh speed improvement. Um so why VM size matters? Yeah, simulators need a physical core. Um, I'm not sure the underlying implementation of the iOS simulator, but it really benefits from a full physical core available to it uh to run its tests. Um, and then it needs about 4 GB of RAM. Now, 4 GB of RAM is what we needed for the Firefox iOS uh unit tests or UI tests. But if you have, you know, much bigger app, you know, maybe 10 times bigger app with 10 times more tests, then maybe 4 gigs of RAM mightn't be enough for you. So, it's it's not one one sizefits-all. It's it's really just, you know, the more resources you have available, the more simulators you can run in parallel on each build. Yeah. So, the results out of all of that um is basically um what I showed you there. Um Oh, yeah. Here we go. So, yeah. So if you want to run fast and you don't mind if like one in 20 builds fails, then you can have one CPU for every parallel simulator minus one, right? So you're basically saying if I want to run three SIMs, I need two CPUs, right? And you can run probably with two gigs gigabytes of RAM. Um, and the the main reason for this is that you you basically want to run fast and if one in 20 bills fail, you're like, I'll just run it again. But at least, you know, most of the time my bills are running fast. Um, and this means three parallel simulators on our elite machines and two parallel simulators on our standard machines. Um, so if stability is super important, especially when you're fanning out because you're compounding that that stability issue, um, you want one CPU for every parallel simulator, 4 GB of RAM. So that's about two parallel simulators on Elite and one on standard. Um, cool. Yeah. So the key findings there, yeah, four parallel simulators from what I've seen is just unstable in general. Uh we need to run some more tests on like you know much larger machine uh with much more RAM to see if we can ramp up to like five and six. Um and hopefully we'll share those results later on. Um each iOS simulator does need a physical core. So I don't see any way around this. If you know if you've got two cores available to yourself, you got two simulators is is your stability limit. Um, and the more simulators you run in parallel, the higher your uh your failure rate is going to be. Um, yeah. So, here's a blog post sample code steps. Uh, we will share this as well uh I think at the end of the webinar. Um, but I'm going to jump in quickly and uh look at a couple of questions. Okay. Can we use auto deploy the app to iTunes connect as well? Yes. Uh we we do have a step for uh deploying to iTunes. Um and that's that's already uh available out of the box. Code code coverage report for Swift packages. I think so. Uh I'm not sure if it's like uh tied to any sort of language. Um but yeah, like if if you can run a a script that generates a JUnit XML, then you can display that um uh pretty easily. Um, so yeah, there's a quick survey I wanted to run and uh where is it? Yes. So, yeah. So, do you use iOS simulator testing? Um, and how long do your tests take? So this is just really uh quick kind of two question survey just to get an idea of you know how many people are using it and where do they where do they live in this in this kind of uh simulator testing. Uh so I'll let it run for a couple of minutes and then I'll uh I'll share the results. Yes, we have quite a few results coming in already. Uh, looks like 30 minutes plus is the highest actually so far. Yes. So, I'll let a few more people vote. Uh, I'll just answer a couple of questions verbally here while while they're filling in. Can you provide again the links to the example projects on GitHub? Yes, definitely. Um, all of this will be in the blog post uh right at the top so it's quick and easy to access. Um, you can also check out my GitHub uh with the repositories. It's uh Damian Bitrise. Uh, I can actually post that in the chat so that you guys have it. And me just send you guys a link to it. Um, this export code coverage. Uh, yes. So that's that's an additional option you can enable if you want on uh the test plan charter. Um I'll probably update that today to expose that setting so that you can toggle that on and off. Uh but I did notice it when I was creating it that there was a a simple option for enable disable it in the test plan. Um okay so we've about 30% of the survey results in. Uh so I'm going to end the voting now. So get them in if you want. Okay. finished. And yeah, so these were the results. Yeah, so you've got uh basically uh 38 versus 9 for simulator testing and yeah, a lot of people 10 to 20 minutes 30 minutes plus, which is which is super interesting. Uh thanks for sharing that. Okay, so with that um let me just check what else I needed to mention. Um, okay. I'll answer these while you guys are taking the the survey. Does this sher also work with Firebase Test Lab? Okay, I think I answered that. What if we have both? Oh, wait. I may have scrolled too far back up. If test is 10 tests in that two of the tests failed. Oh, yeah. For some reason, I've scrolled way back up. Okay, I'm trying to get to the latest one. Okay. Do you try running an iOS simulator and an Android emulator in parallel? Uh, I haven't tried that yet, but that's definitely uh doable. Um, and you can do that already uh without any of this stuff that I've I've added. Um, we've enabled execute tests in parallel on Xcode. How do we define the number of simulators? We on the standard plan. Yeah. So there's a flag that you can actually add which is uh - parallel worker count I think. Um and we have some documentation on the website. So if you want to Google that um you should find that information and brilliant. Yeah. So I think that's it. Uh can these test steps be applied to an Appium for automated tests? I am not sure. Um I'll I'll need to check on that. Uh if if Appium uses um like an Xcode build command or works with an Xcode build command, then it should be possible. Um I just haven't tried it yet. Uh started now instead of half an hour ago. Was this way? Okay. Yeah, that was recorded. Awesome. Well, look, thanks everybody. Have a great day. Stay safe and uh yeah, hope you enjoyed our uh webinar today.

- Mobile Test Automation with XCUITest and the Real Device Cloud | Sauce Labs: Kind: captions Language: en good morning everyone and welcome to today's webinar mobile test automation with X C UI tests in the real device cloud before we get started I would like to go over a few items so you know how to participate in today's event you have joined the presentation listening using your computer's speaker system by default if you would prefer to join up in the telephone just select telephone in the Audio pane and the dial-in information will be displayed you will have the opportunity to submit text questions due to these presenters by typing your questions into the questions pane of the control panel and defending your questions at any time during the presentation and we will collect these and address them during the Q&A session at the end of today's presentation I would now like to introduce Clint's frolf product marketing director mobile welcome Clint thank you and good morning and good afternoon everyone again my name is clintus bras and myself and a soft star was our product management director for mobile we're going to talk to you today about xui tests on the real device cloud what I like to do initially is just kind of set a little bit of the background for this webinar today so we're going to talk about mobile test automation frameworks in general even though this this is specifically about XE UI test what I find is that a lot of organizations especially those that are new to test automation with mobile they really aren't familiar with some of the other frameworks that are out there so just kind of set context of this let's kind of talk about mobile frameworks and why you would actually use a test automation framework well if you think about even from a traditional test automation perspective there have been frameworks for desktop applications and web applications as well the goal of a mobile test automation framework is to really help simplify the test automation strategy and implementation so the goal of framework is to make sure you have something that's consistent and robust that's going to be a lot easier to implement rather than trying to build things from from scratch initially so the goal of the framework is to not only help just keep consistency but to make testing as easy as possible less difficult and be able to make repeatable and reusable tests so as you can see we have three of the top frameworks listed there are a ton of frameworks for mobile test automation today so what you're seeing here of course is appium and espresso as well as a tech cui test so let's talk about the other two and the differences between them and XC UI tests so what exactly is a peon so appium is basically an open source tool for automation for web applications mobile web applications native and hybrid the advantages of appium is that is used on both iOS and Android platforms now typically and what we did a webinar earlier in the year we kind of did a poll where we asked various test automation engineers you know which framework are you using and typically appium is the most popular typically for traditional test automation engineers meaning that most of those that are doing automation now they've worked with selenium because abiam is based on this based on selenium they work with William or they've worked with some commercial test tools and from commercial testable vendors so typically that transition for them was going to app him because it was a much easier transition for them so can we look at some of the advantages of appium again it's fought to automate native we have been hybrid mobile apps also you can test on real devices as well as emulators and simulators you can use any language that selenium supports so if you've done any type of selenium test automation using Java C sharp Ruby etc you have that advantage when you transition over to a peon so the learning curve is much lower from a napkin perspective for those traditional testers and also a single framework for both iOS and Android so you've got one framework that supports both now there is another framework that's popular as well especially with developers Android developers called espresso so espresso is very popular because it's uses a set of API eyes and it specifically part of the Google ecosystem so typically if you look at who's using these various frameworks they typically follow a certain pattern so appium users typically come from traditional selenium developer selenium test automation engineers or testers espresso is well-suited for you know writing I mean a white box style automated test and if you're doing anything on the Google platform or Android platform Android developers this is what they prefer so typically a developer type will most likely choose espresso if they're developing Android apps so what are some of the advantages of espresso as a framework we're one it's super fast and reliable and again this is just for the Google framework only it doesn't expand to iOS there's backwards compatibility and it's very easy to use and to get started it also has the feature of all I'm at extinct Rinna's ation which is huge when you're doing we're trying to do mobile automation and especially if you're trying to do continuous testing especially using real devices using espresso now one of the key advantages even when you're doing test automation regardless of what framework that you're using you want to make sure that you can do that you need to be able to do parallel test execution any of this for speed and scale and this is vastly important regardless of the framework that you're using so if you're doing any type of automation you want to use automation to your advantage so you want to be able to do parallel text test execution and run those tests in parallel to speed your release and be able to test more scenarios per you in at a time now this is kind of a high-level example of what parallel testing will actually do versus serial testing where you kind of you know in terms of how you implement that and as you can see from this particular graphic we're showing you know iOS devices Android devices as well as emulators and simulators so we'll talk a little bit more about that on the next slide but what you're seeing is that the ability to execute these items in these tests in parallel is going to give you the core benefits of test automation because you want speed as well as scale it as well as accuracy with that mobile testing of course different knees require different solutions so a lot of times people say well should I use emulators and simulators or should I only use real devices where our philosophy is that you should really use a combination of both especially in the world of DevOps and continuous testing you need something that's going to be reliable and stable so what we typically prescribe to our customers is that we talk about using a combination of real devices and emulators of simulators so you use real devices of course because you want to make sure that your test is as accurate as possible it works on a specific device or operating system and operating system that it works according to according to standards because there are some certain hardware there could be some certain hardware dependencies within that application or if you have custom you know operating systems or browsers or you need to replicate an issue on that exact same model and if you think about when you're in the App Store you know whether it's the Google App Store or the or the Apple App Store typically if you look at a lot of B 1 star and 2 star reviews they typically have something a common most of the problems are on a specific model where they don't work so being able to replicate those in real-world conditions is the way you want to use a real device now you want to use emulators and simulators when there isn't a direct need to if the application doesn't need to use some of the acting the exact phone features and also if you're doing massive parallel concurrency for faster build times in addition if you're doing any type of continuous delivery continuous integration you need to have a level of consistency across the board and if you're trying to do this at massive scale you need to be able to do that and be able to and not have that dependency on the hardware itself so you want to be able to do that so that you can scale your task and be able to do that continuous testing without QA becoming the actual bottleneck from a test automation perspective also it also depends on the size of your organization in your budget so if you have any type of price sensitivity so you may not have the ability to have let's say 50 iOS devices and you know 25 Android devices in your organization or even in the cloud that can be extremely costly you know for some organizations but also it's going to help you immediately and support those continuous integration and continuous development environments so that's what we recommend this for your organization regardless of what framework that you using the with that I want to pass it on to my colleague Assaf and he's going to talk to you more about xui tests and the differences with that and the advantages all right I thought thank you very much cleaned hi everyone I said subs are director of product management for the real device cloud sauce labs and I will walk you through XE wipers the framework benefits advantages and then we will dive into what everyone wants to see real live demo next slide please so what is actually I just and as we sow espresso and up young XE artisan testing firmer benefit of that that it's testing firm that is developed and maintained by Apple and in fact it is part of the Xcode development tools which is part of excellent every iOS developer knows Xcode and uses Ike's code for developing native applications and as part of that as a developer you develop your application in addition you have the ability to develop unit tests based on exa tests or develop UI test automation as part of the project and that's Xu artist as part of Explorer than the way that iOS applications are being built it's the same language it uses objective-c or Swift Swift which is the standard languages where you develop iOS application and this applies as well here and the way it happens and the white works basically you create your iOS application and you develop it within Xcode and on top of the project you add XE whitest capabilities and the end wants to build the application you end up with two IPA files one IPA is the application itself that's the application under test and there is a second file which basically it's a directory which is an APB file that later on you package as an IPA and this is the test itself and so an exabyte us alike with up um where you have your application beat at Android or in iOS and then you have scripts which can be JavaScript based or Java or Python and it's the selenium /up internal way on and on XE i test you end up with an IPA which is very similar in packaging to the application itself next slide what are the advantages of XE itís very similar to espresso because it is part of the firm's and tools that are built for iOS and Android for iOS the XE whitest is really fast super fast and very reliable okay it is as mentioned controlled by Apple and the X with development team so as new versions come along for the operating system for iOS and it applies as well as for Xu Altis so you do not really need to wait for the firmly to support the latest version for in addition like we are now running an iOS 11.4 beta and you can use your tests as well for the latest beta versions you do not need to wait for support by the test formation firm to be there it is part of development tools and always up-to-date and yet test out Bell built with Swift and objective-c and the test is really easy to maintain as a developer and development application I do not need to learn and master a new language or new firm work it is part of my toolset I'm used to that I can build my automation script fairly easy next slide how is like this run and built so once you create your iOS project within Xcode you add a new iOS testing bundle and at the end of the development you end up as mentioned with two files one IPA is the application itself and the second one is basically the test runner that's the EXCI test or xu artist once you have these two applications you deploy them if you run locally on a local simulator is part of Xcode on the local device that is connected to my machine with the USB cable and both applications have been installed on the application on the device they are loaded and executed in parallel basically the hcy this application controls the application under test and manipulates it since takes tap somewhere do swipe and and pinch etc etc every method that you can apply to your application you can test with x ey test on the local device and and on a lot of device you basically execute each and test on one device on one simulator you have no ability or an easy ability to do parallelization which is a major limitation we run it locally next slide we're running on soft lips real device cloud the first steps are really the same you end up with an application we to our IP a s1 is for the real device and the second one is a test for the real device and the second one is the IPA for the real device and they are both in the case of soft LED are executed on the cloud you are uploading those IPAs on the cloud they are deployed on real devices and they are executed they can be executed against one device or they can execute in parallel against multiple devices and as Clint mention and show them demonstrate how you can execute in parallel and save a lot of time quality of test cycle which is very important if you are testing in scale and you have a very large matrix of devices that you would like to cover basically you can execute against ten devices 50 devices or unlimited amount it all depends on how much access your three devices on the cloud you can run them all in parallel and you can achieve really high coverage next slide what are the benefits of running on software to real device cloud as I mentioned you can run on one or more devices in paladin we are providing very robust test reporting and which includes screenshots the device logs and also the ex ey test logs and in addition you have an execution video recorder in general we are supporting on the real device cloud and a pin testing as well espresso testing and our X UI tests and all share the same capabilities of advanced reporting screenshots are very important in case of failures they are automatically captured uploaded to the cloud and available to you throughout your reporting and when you do the analysis logs are always there and also execution video you have the execution video all the way from starting the session trial the application launch the manipulation of the application the test execution until the test complete and in addition we provide a test runner a very robust test runner which is basically a java application that you can run on your Mac machine or you can run it remotely if you have the application on a linux box or in a weak Windows box and this test runner basically supports both espresso and xu itis so this is a runner which gets different parameters and by that you can trigger the execution for your local machine it can be from your local development environment or it can be easily integrated into a continuous integration start you have a Jenkins system for example and the Jenkins system builds the application and built the test and you want as part of the the test cycle to also trigger xu itís so Jenkins can use this test runner to run one or more devices in parallel and the execution happens on the cloud directly form continuous integration next slide how is the test runner built so as mentioned this is a java application it requires Java 8 which is the most common version available today every developer hesitant and basically it's really simple you press several parameters and which are mandatory and in addition there are different parameters which are optional then a mandatory in case of xui this is the command XUI in case of espresso this is espresso and then you need to pass some of the settings and your access to the cloud and you provide the api key of the application itself and I will demonstrate it your username on the cloud and then the parameters of the application and the test and the target device you can select one or more devices you can execute them and then against different data center you can run on a device which is available in the US and simultaneously you can run and test your application against the device which is located or in Europe and so this is very powerful what we see in the example in here that's the command Java dash jar ronald chart that's the test runner this is the parameter X you I thirst you specified the IPA for the test the IPA which is the application itself the application under test yo username the IPA key which you get from the test project on sauce which will device cloud and then you specify the parameters for the data center and the actual device very easy and to use you can use it like that hard-coded within your command line you can pass everything as parameters during continuous integration cycle for example very easy tools okay so I think it's now time to do some demo I'll be happy to share my screen and walk you through okay I hope you all see the screen what you can see in here this is the salsa lips real device cloud man dashboard all I have in here different applications which are Android application or iOS application or test which are relevant to website web applications that I'm testing on mobile and the way it start start by creating a new project in this case you click on new up and then you need to upload your iOS or Android application since we are talking about XUI tests you need to grab your and IPA which is the application in this example I have an IPA which is my IPA and I can upload into the cloud just drag and drop it in here like that just working and rope it will be uploaded a new project will be created and from there you start ok so let's go back I have some application projects which I have already created for example this one so this is an x ey reference project which I've created and already executed several tests and we go take a look at it for this application you have several capabilities your life testing in life testing you see a list of all the devices which are iOS relevant of devices this is an iPhone 8 running iOS 11 country this is an ipad 2 running different versions you can filter based on different locations look at filter specific version and your full access to hundreds and hundreds of devices ok since we are not talking about live testing manual testing I will switch into XE why this you go to the automation paying and you select X you is the framework and then I need to start as I mentioned and as I showed you have the parameters that you can define you can use the command line to provide you with an L with all and the parameters available and we have the set of instructions in it here that will give you the view of the different parameters to be used the API key for the specific project your username and he's here are the parameters for executing for example against the European data center against these devices if you want to use again as the US data center you specify the list of devices like that you can select different devices and you have access to all the viruses and all you need to pass is the device ID there are two methods to do that one option is to press a static allocation means I specify a specific ID of the relevant device for example for this iPad 10.5 the idea is iPad pro 10-5 2017 real okay but there are also abilities to execute with dynamic allocation you can press a parameter I want an iPhone 8 oh I want to allocate the system to allocate for me iPhone 6s running version ten point three okay you have the flexibility to press different parameters and allocate devices more dynamically this is really important in case of executing in continuous integration what you want to ensure that the system will allocate a free device and your cycle will not break because one device will be in use okay so devices you would like to execute and then you trigger the execution okay so let's switch to the test runner and see how it goes okay what I have in here is at least a folder with my run our jar that's the test runner that will trigger execution of XD wideness in espresso I have my application on those tests and in this case I have two tests running these are the x ey test runners the test cases the classes of the test cases that I'm about to execute these are two different one is the faster execution and the second one is more lazy people about three minutes because there are many more much more test cases available in here okay so the way this is done you call the runner jar you specify that you are dealing with X ìitís you press the parameter to the runner IPA to my application under test my user name the project API and in this case I'm going with a static device this is the European data center I'm selecting the iPhone 10 and I just give it a name so it will be visible in my reporting this is an optional step once I click enter it will start and execute okay so this is the test for version 1 1 and what happens now the test Runner 10 takes the true IPS which I specified they are both uploaded to the cloud once they are there and I've selected the target device that will be deployed and installed on the target device will and once it is done when they are loaded execution will start and in the end I will get this test route in this case this is another one I can select this additional device like this one is running on a device on an iPhone 8 which is in the US and I can do the same against an iPad for example in this case also to the US so I have to be execution-style basically gets creates acute chance but you can also treat it with on one execution against multiple departmental this is also a possibility so the devices are now uploaded and once they will start executing we will see them available here they are in the upload process it will take a couple of minutes for them to upload it depends on the speed of thing and the connection they are uploading ok until this happens like take a look at one execution for example this one was running the test about half an hour ago against an iPhone 7 so this is an execution report this one is very another execution that was running on the iPhone 10 its best let's take a look at one which has failed within the test report I get a full detailed list of the device under test this was a really device iPhone 7 running to the European data center with ion 11 for immersion this is the application which I was testing and you have the ability to download it directly from the cloud if you would like to retouch it to them some bug report test report or something like that you have the different test cases these are all the classes and test cases which were built within this IPA of the test run of the excavators and you see the little status of each one of the test cases in this case these people passed and these three tests were fail test simple pale accept exception time-out and the fence of activity and event detailed screenshots in case of the failure of what has happened so you can take a look of the status of each one of them and you can get an analysis and understand what exactly is you have the device log a very detailed device log of everything that was going on the device during the execution and in addition you have the X&Y to splode so you'll skip all the methods and connection that the top addiction the texts and everything that was happening during the test execution is fully available for you on the cloud being executed in sales and last but not least very important you have the recording of the exhibit actual execution this one was running for 2 minutes and 17 seconds and you can see the video playback of the execution and in case of failure you can really dive into the specific point in time and steal what was in the device ok our testing test let's take a look at them this one's uploading they're all in progress of uploading and this will be in in a minute complete in the case of one which was a success this one the webinar actual for example running on an iPhone 10 and again in case of success system will not be any screen to the one Dolph Ziggler and this is the Bacchus in this case that executed and again you're in the test runner that this report everything so these all still in executed take a look at another one we was running these are the test cases in this case you see this test was failing and you have different executions let's take one which was of a doublet for this one on the iPad nine point seven was rocking on the tablet and again you're the screenshots of the tablet and you can compare them easily one by one okay hopefully this will end soon in addition as I mentioned and I will dive and get back to the in a second and I have mentioned that you can execute it directly from Jenkins so what we can see in here this is the Jenkins edge board I have a table which I created this one XE wife is runner it's a very basic on setup basically what it does is execute the shell script this is the command a type requested and again this one was executed so let's take a look of one of the institution and what was going on in there you can see in here this is the execution this was the device under test and this is the actual steps and it's very similar to what is visible from the command line you see the upload the test is being started and the foods that are available in this test status this one was failing and accepted etc etc in addition directly from Jenkins you have a link to the test report and the test report take you directly to the dashboard and show you the details of what was going on in this execution you have a direct link for the video in case you are using some test management system and you want to save the history of the execution there so you can see just the direct video how it was playing and again the link is available for you directly from Jenkins so it is fully available and in here so this okay so now finally the test will upload it and we're on this one was running and already completed this one is in progress to start that this is the lower one and this is all also in progress and you can see in here this one is running this one Amazon II and this one was just completed about a minute ago and it was running and it was successful so you see the dashboard and the execution they're reporting the video directly from there so once a test is being executed you can monitor the process directly from here and the same apply as I mentioned if you are taking the test role and you can trigger that from Jenkins then it will be built from Jenkins and you can see the progress turret from here so it is very easy to do the execution from your development environment from the command line it is very easy to access the reports you can integrate it fully into continuous integration and get all the benefits of reporting archiving history of all our execution you can skip all the different tests and the different devices that will executed this will all running in parallel against the cloud this one is complete that this is still in progress and this is done okay that's about it for the live demo it's back to you great thank you so what we'd like to do this is we've had the live demo we'd like to open it up for questions actually we have a list of questions if you can type your questions in to the question panel and we can get to those and we already have several questions and so we'll go ahead and jump directly to that so a stuff I'm going to give you some of the questions that have been submitted by a few of the folks on the actual webinar itself one of the questions is does xui test support robotic frameworks meaning we want to use something with less coding methods and XE why this is of the extra environment so every framework that you can integrate with Xcode will be supported with X's gotcha great the next question is about appium and xdy tests so the question is abiam also uses xui tests to execute on iOS how different is it when using x UI test framework directly it's a very good question so a few uses x UI test below the surface as a meta to interact with the device where XE wipers directly uses the same API and capabilities and but they don't have the layer on top which is up you which provides a faster execution okay up um is a benefit in terms of you could develop in any language with remote webdriver compliant so you can develop your tests in Java or in Javas report it whatever you feel more comfortable where X Y this is only objective-c and C sharp and and sweet sorry and this is only available from Xcode unlike up um where you can develop and use whatever ID which is but in terms of the underlying technologies they are using the same capability and the same engine to interact with the device excellent the next question is is it possible to run the test any framework or local environment using sauce labs because our devices are not of the it's art labs and also perhaps we do not want to expose our app to the cloud so sauce labs or real devices are awful on the cloud and in order to use the capabilities you need to use the real devices on the cloud in case of our security we have different security capabilities and connection be that using sauce connect or you can have a direct line VPN based connectivity between your back-end systems and our environment so we have a lot of different customers different verticals and it also have very very sleek secure requirements nonetheless they are using the cloud okay and the next question is can we integrate cucumber we have a BDD with xdy death I don't think that XE or Xcode is is able to do that unlike a unit testing like J unit or testing gia where you can rob them off with cucumber I haven't seen this window works I doubt that this is possible okay is xui test compatible with the circle CI yes yes great it is it possible to pass parameters to the test suite or select which tests to run yeah it is very much possible so you can either select the subset of the test cases of the test classes within the x UI test or you can execute everything against one or more devices you have the flexibility to determine how the execution will look like let's say for example you have a test which have ten classes and test cases you can take the first three against one device the second two against and other device and etc etc so you have very rich Plex abilities in terms of how you allocate the devices on which test or with what subset of those you would like to execute okay and the next question let me grab this one where can I find the IP a file in Xcode so what we then export where you have the ability to build a product and that's where your project settings on the output of the product itself so that standard Xcode development and when you build the application for the target device on the target simulator under the products and of the build of the out the output of the build you will find the a PP of the IPA that you have and the next question is do you recommend native tools espresso or xcxc test over ambient for black box testing it's all depends on the use case they are all relevant and there are cases were up your feets more like for example as I mentioned if you want to develop with your own ID and development languages and up you provide you with the flexibility that you can have the same test for weapon and native apps like selenium and up um with the same capabilities excavator speaks more into a developer scenario where I'm using Xcode to develop my application and I'm also using Xcode to develop my test but I see I've seen many teams which want to use the same practice Devon tests are using the same tool in this case they have selected XUI this but it's not a matter of this one is better there are cons of pros to each one of the frameworks it's a matter of doing the right evaluation and deciding which is better they both can do the same stuff okay and the next question is the application uploaded so if a customer is uploading their application using sauce labs are they using the sauce labs panel for security yeah it is possible so you can use X UI tests along with the sauce connect tunnel easily it's just another parameter that you press at the tunnel identifier in the command line and you will execute the test using the subsonic bomb okay and the next question is can you provide some test code examples or point us to where we can find some test code examples do you have a custom library to manage tests yeah we can share it following a post like poster webinar we can share a link to github where you will find some example or test runners and applications themselves that you can use great great and we see about two more questions do we need to do any type of instrumentation and sauce labs now nothing simple as you build the application to local testing and local development and installation on your devices we use the same application without any instrumentation you do not need to build a specific version or a different version it is the standard one that you use for production also on suspects okay let me see the next question is there a graphic test result that can be mailed to the team yeah so once you see the test result you have the ability to share them so you can invite different users to log in directly to the test results and you can see the results what I demonstrate also from Jenkins you have the link to the test report you can just email this link to your colleagues or you can save it within your test okay and is it necessary to schedule to execute the test on real devices it is not available within the platform you can use like Jenkins for scheduling for example and you can figure that based on some and process that was running or a prerequisite or something or you can just schedule that in a specific time so this is supported using test management in the CI tools okay let me see and I believe you answered this one earlier us off but I'll go ahead and just ask it again what is the difference using a peon with XD UI and Xu I stand alone so as I mentioned before they are both using the same engine built behind the scenes or below the surface and but XE y test is native within X towards where up young uses that is in just the engine to interact with the devices okay and do the test results does the test results viewer need in XC UI Hawaiians know that this results are available on the cloud you do not need any license basically the license for XE y or the license for X code is part of extra development environment it is available for any Mac machine but on the cloud when you have access to software real devices your access to espresso to a fume and XE itís within the same license you do not need specific license for X you is also specific device okay and then we have a general question in terms of what is the runner dark jar file the radical Java is a job application that basically uses api's on sauce labs to upload the IPA or the apk in case of espresso to upload both application and test themselves against the cloud to allocate the device and trigger the execution so it's a small java application that allows you to run and execute from any environment again it's also a really buy stock okay and the next question is are x UI tests only available to be executed against sauce lamps real devices but not stimulators or can you do both at the moment it is supported on the real device cloud and we have within our roadmap to support it as well for simulators we are now adding these days the support for espresso for soft lips emulators and we will add later this year XE whitens as well for simulators ok and here's the general question and I'm gonna show how much detail you can give to this one but it's saying if you wanted to experiment locally on a device attached to a local server like a Mac Mini to help build your test before you deploy than the fog lamps are there any guides on how to do this so if you go to all over to the wiki you have wikidot sauce let's calm and you can type their XE virus you have the guidelines of how to build the application the same steps as you built for local execution will apply for real devices so it is detailed in here in there I invite everyone to go to wiki Docs also just type X Evita's in the search it will take you to the page and you can find the full details of the test runner of how to package your application and everything step-by-step that is needed ok and the last question is how long will Faust had thought labs keep the test reports so in general we try not to delete the the results then so you can see results from months and months back and we are not deleting great great well it's off thank you for answering these questions thank you for the audience for submitting these wonderful questions and with that I'm going to pass it back to our moderator and she will close out the session thank you thank you Clinton sorry Thank You Clint and Assaf and thank you everyone for attending today's webinar mobile test automation with XC UI tests and the real device cloud you will also receive a follow-up email within 24 to 48 hours the link to view a recording of today's webinar on behalf of sauce labs and our presenters thank you for joining us today and have a great rest of your day

  Top Comments:
  1. @deadbeatffs [2 likes]: The most non-trivial yet important part about building ipa for testing is skipped.

- React Native Tutorial - 5 - Running App on iPhone Simulator: Kind: captions Language: en in the previous video we learned how to run our Expo app on a physical device now let's explore how to run app on an iOS simulator please note that running iOS simulators is only possible on a Mac and not on Windows or Linux systems Step 1 navigate to the project folder in the terminal and execute the command npm start Step 2 download xcode from the App Store and Grant the necessary permissions it requests you can see that I already have it downloaded step 3 in the terminal find out the shortcut for opening iOS simulator it is I so press I on your keyboard within a few seconds the iPhone simulator should open prompting you to open the app in Expo go Grant the permission and you will see the Expo app running on the simulator try changing the text to hello iOS simulator save the file and you will see the change reflecting in the simulator by default the iPhone SE third generation simulator is open if you prefer to use a different device go to file open simulator and select a device let me select iPhone 14 pro s the other simulator now go back to vs code with focus in the terminal and press I once again that should open the application in xbergo and you will have your app up and running on the selected device alright join me in the next video where we will learn how to run the application on an Android emulator

  Top Comments:
  1. @ridanhawy6121 [4 likes]: Is it a video per day 😢
  2. @ridanhawy6121 [2 likes]: Is it a video per day 😢
  3. @motownmoneygang [1 likes]: i have xcode downloaded but it does not open! help!
  4. @huongxink6618 [1 likes]: I can't download Xcode for windows, help!
  5. @viewvue3744 [1 likes]: hello i have iphone 6s device and the laptop window , can i use iphone for develop react native ? or i must to use android device for working  ? pls rep my comment, thanks
  6. @ahmedsiddiqui2083 [1 likes]: sir thanks you so much for the best course in 2023
  7. @EvaTruve: Expo simulates ok, and you can test your app😊 on Windows.
  8. @ertgrlffffff: 09.05.2025
  9. @Robenordonez: Thank you so much 👍
  10. @frankkim9178: how do we actually run the app on our iOS phone? like for testing?
  11. @jeremyfaustmann: Anyone having problems connecting your device with expo go:
I went to the Firewall settings and allowed all inbound rules for Node.js.
Then started powershell with admin rights, find current ipv4 adress with "ipconfig", then set "setx /M REACT_NATIVE_PACKAGER_HOSTNAME <your ipv4 here>"
Then it worked.
  12. @Василий-х4з5т: Bare RN and Expo managed projects are not the same things, so video should be renamed
  13. @Harekrishna2510: Thank you
  14. @vittoriomorellini1939: Is rract native only available for js and it does not support typescript?
  15. @eillioniscreating: when i run in android expo go. I stuck on bundling 100% . how can i solve that?

- Run multiple simulator on single compile | KtrKathir | Xcode 11 | Swift 5.2: Kind: captions Language: en channel this is about how to run your project on multiple simulator in a single compiled our single run this means you will be check your design or any functionalities at the same time you will run on multiple devices then you will be fixed some you issues or else functional issues that will be very easy this will be reduce were development time like thing right now I'm going to go to my blog post I already posted under my post that is Anna Katie are ka tha year dot wordpress.com website I already done it about launched multiple simulator on a single compiled in Xcode now I am going to follow the four steps below this will be help to set up your project to run multiple simulator in a single run right now I am going to create a new project this is called I choose to shift euy this is my bundle ID I'm going to run start create you the basics of shifty you a first run of QA before that we will be follow something this is a first script we have to set up on here edit schema build reaction transcript here and paste it here that's all this is the first step the second step is we have to we have to create an attached to file by multiple sim it's named multiple Sigma conflict I choose my empty file txt Creator here I have to mention what are the simulator I have to run additionally before there when I am sitting in a when I am sitting young pre action script this will be create an additional simulator that named custom simulator you can check it on here Yeah right now open terminal instruments you would be check you you will be getting a simulator you dids right now I'm I'm getting I am going to take an A - eight in I I was 13.3 version simulator ID or else you can run by same terminal or you can go to the window then you can get it from here identifier the both will be work this is a second step third step is we have to create an a script file this named it like launched multiple simulator the script like this followed by here here we have to set up something because of I have already mentioned it here we have to change that a project name as what you are having and copying my project name and paste it on here and also happening is the same process a project name so I'm sitting here then and how to set with a bundle ID bundle identifier the teaser it comes on here this is a set of basic setup and save it this is the third step now going to fourth step that is one of the ones clip for filter waves here I create an around script and pasting here right now I'll be explained what this is happening here but first you did schema in pre-action build up reaction this is creating in a custom simulator to run a project this will come here after that I am creating additional assembly it has two simulators right now we get in three simulators own is a primary under the other two is in a additional then this is a script for running the traditional simulator this will be automatically get the simulator from this file name this is an already in here from the root of the project the last is this whole launch multiple this the script will be run here launch multiple simulator script will be run here when you run the project okay can I run it wrong I'm going to run right now this will be creating three simulators with the content of hello world [Music] if this is not a matter it's really right now it's a cat a boxer dog who was pulling back here here you can see the transcript is working right now so multiple donor there's a first time we need to take some few seconds right now you be gettin a threesome later that's chicken here this is a to simulator the one is an iPhone 8 under the room this way and 11 crow max this is another 10 - 10 because of you this is a primary simulator you will be greater log about this custom simulator you can change which is which you want in a primary simulator right now I set as a iPhone tennis my primary simulator from here you can change it from what you want this right now I'm removing one simulator then I am grounding you again sorry one single it will be gone my total it will be stay you will be very right now this both our contact is same this is a single click but you get a multiple simulator you can match your UI as well as any chat conversation arms any request response methods logics will be checked by this this is very cool to you that's all thanks for watching my video subscribe my channel more videos more logics more knowledge will be shower here after coming this thank you so much

  Top Comments:
  1. @AkshayKumar-yi4kd: Not working ..Script is failing. Thanks for the tutorial. May be i missed something.
  2. @chaubeyalok401: It didn’t work out for me

- Memory Leaks in iOS: Find, Diagnose, & Fix (2022): Kind: captions Language: en what's going on guys in today's video we're going to be learning about memory leaks in ios we're going to walk through an actual example leaks of memory and more importantly we're going to learn how to diagnose and fix memory leaks so without further ado start by dropping a like down below let's open up xcode and let's get started by creating a new project we're going to stick with ios the app template we'll go ahead and call this super creatively memory leaks we're going to stick with uh swift of course and storyboard for our ui we're not doing any ui today this applies in swift ui as well but we'll just go ahead and stick with that let's go ahead and get started let me go and expand my xcode window here i'll choose a simulator maybe we'll go with the 13 pro max since i believe that's the one i've got booted up here looks like it's just the 13 pro so let me actually go and select the 13 pro instead let's give our app a run so first and foremost a memory leak is caused as the name implies when you leak memory and it's not cleaned up and deallocated when you're done using an object in your program so it can be caused by a variety of symptoms but most commonly two objects strongly retain each other hence the difference between strong and weak pointers i've got a dedicated video on that if you're not familiar i'll link it in the description down below i encourage you to watch it to get up to speed so what we're gonna go ahead and do is we're gonna create a memory leak by basically going to another controller and retaining a view in a strong capacity so we're going to go ahead and first and foremost create a button here in our first controller now of course i want to go through this to actually illustrate a memory leak and then diagnose it using instruments so we're going to go ahead and create a button it's going to say tap me super creative also go ahead and set a frame on this guy zero zero two hundred and perhaps fifty and we're gonna go ahead and say button.center is view dot center if we go ahead and give that a run we should see our button there and when we tap on the button we want to go ahead and handle the interaction so let's go ahead and say button add target whoops let's try that one more time add target self and the selector is this guy for touch up inside now bear with me we're going to do a little bit more setup code and then we'll get to the memory leak so we're going to create a second view controller and override view to load and i'm intentionally going through this piece quickly so i don't bore everyone who has to sit and watch me set stuff up we'll go ahead and create this here and we're going to go ahead and say present vc animated will be true now inside of this controller maybe we'll set a different background color so we can actually see it be presented we go ahead and tap this button and there's our red controller now to actually cause a memory leak we'll go ahead and create a view maybe we'll call it my view it'll inherit from ui view and let's say this guy takes in a ui view controller when it is created so essentially we're going to pass it into the constructor we'll say self.vc is vc and then we're going to bring in the other required initializer we'll also go ahead on here and say var and we'll say my view will be type of my view and when this view this red second view is created we're going to go ahead and create an instance of my view and passing in self for the vc parameter let's see what's going on here we need the super in it so we'll say super superintendent with frame a size of zero go ahead and give it a run and once again we'll go to our red screen however the way we've set up our code now we're actually causing a leak now let me explain the leak before we look at it in instruments so essentially we've got our first controller our first screen here not a whole lot going on we create a button and present our second screen or second controller when our second controller is loaded we go ahead and instantiate my view passing itself as the vc view controller parameter and we hang on to it with this local property here now inside of my view we have this property that is set via the initializer and we are passing in uh the vc from which we instantiate the view now the problem here is every time we create this second screen and dismiss it we actually can't get rid of the objects and clean it up and the reason for that is the my view is holding on to the view controller second vc because we're passing it in and second vc is holding on to my view so we have a retain cycle so let's go ahead and actually diagnose this so how do we go ahead and diagnose memory leaks this is a super super important skill for any ios developer so what we want to go ahead and do is open up something that comes with xcode and it is called instruments now instruments gives you a bunch of templates and tools to diagnose and drill down into a lot of data things like threads network disk reads and writes and there's a handy tool in here super creatively called memory leaks if i can go ahead and actually find it let's see where it is ah it's just called leaks in fact so let's go ahead and open this up and once you open up leaks you're going to see two templates on the left here one is for allocations when objects are instantiated and the other is leaks so what we want to go ahead and do here is select your simulator and in the drop down here we want to select the project that we are working with which is memory leaks this is what we called it here and we're going to go ahead and do is we're going to hit the record button and you'll notice when we hit the record button it'll actually go ahead and launch our app and you can take a look at the timeline that's being created here so we'll go ahead and create this second vc and then we're going to wait a couple seconds and we're going to go ahead and dismiss second vc and you can see that a couple of things were happening here we have allocated memory but when our second view controller the red screen was dismissed this memory wasn't released in fact the reason it wasn't released is we've leaked it there was a retain cycle so the system wasn't able to clean it up so what i'm going to go ahead and do is now hit pause on this recording and what you'll notice in the leaks section down here if i go and hover over this little icon right here you're going to notice it says we have some leaks sometimes the tool tip pops up sometimes it doesn't let's see if it decides to do its job so let me go ahead and select this so we have our leaks check here and here we have it we have four new leaks so how do we actually find out what the heck is leaking so there's another place where we can actually visually see the memory graph in our application so i'm going to go ahead and give this a run one more time and in this toolbar right above our console here there is a button that kind of looks like the share button and we're going to go ahead and click on this and what this essentially opens up is a visual representation of our actual memory graph on the left we'll see various objects and we can select them and see the things that that object is referencing so if i go ahead and hit this guy let me go ahead and hit the play button here to resume our application run we'll hit this and it'll open up the red screen and we'll go ahead and dismiss it now in theory we should have deallocated the second view controller let's go ahead and hit this to see our object graph in memory and on the left hand side here you'll see some interesting stuff the most interesting thing that you'll see is we still see our second vc so something's not going on quite right so if we select second vc we'll see that are some relationships here but let's take a step back let's actually go to our view controller and in one of these views we'll actually see that second vc is still alive and more important the second vc is being connected to my view and my view uh is strongly retaining second vc in other words there's a retain cycle two things are strongly pointing to one another i feel like i've said retain cycles ten times at this point in this video but anyways this is how you're going to diagnose it the other interesting thing that i want to point out which is sometimes helpful when evaluating memory consumption in your application is when you give your app a run and you click on this icon at the left on the left panel here and click memory you'll see a time lapse as your application is running and the amount of memory that is being used so if i go ahead and click on this you'll see that our memory is going to slightly increase we went from 57 to roughly 59 mb when i go ahead and dismiss this controller in theory we should have released all that memory and we should go down but in reality what you'll notice has happened here is we didn't release any memory so let's go ahead and actually fix this memory leak and we'll give everything a run once more and see things in action so how do we fix this leak well the simplest way to fix it is by making this guy this property in my view a weak reference property now what that's going to do is this weak instance is going to allow the view controller to be deallocated and nulled out at the time of dismissal with second vc now one thing you'll notice is it's going to yell at me we're going to need to make this optional just like that even though this argument is not optional this should be good enough now this needs to be var i deleted it accidentally there and let's go ahead and give this a run so i'm going to go ahead and hit command r we're going to go ahead and once again click into our memory inspector right here and we see that we're flat lining it about 57.4.5 we'll go ahead and hit this to get our red screen to pop up of course our memory went up and we'll sit here for a second or two and then i'll go ahead and swipe it away dismiss it now we should see that memory flatten out again now sometimes using this is not really the best empirical data points in terms of memory leaks the instruments is what's really helpful but other than the instruments we can go ahead and actually click on that little share icon down here once again and we'll see that we don't see second vc or my view here now that it's dismissed we only see view controller however if i go ahead and hit resume here let's go ahead and hit this our red second vc is allocated and in memory let's go ahead and hit this icon and we should see on the left here we see second vc and we see my view if you go ahead and hit my view you'll see that my view has a reference back to second vc you'll see that view controller is hanging on to this guy and this second vc is hanging on to my view just like that now if i go ahead and hit play when we're here to resume our app and dismiss it and one final time we'll hit this icon for the visual memory graph you'll see the second vc in my view are now gone and let me go ahead and just collapse this stuff down here to actually focus on what we care about which is the upper three nodes here and that's basically debugging retain cycles and memory leaks in a nutshell now one last thing before we conclude debugging memory leaks can be a very very in-depth topic actually working in instruments and figuring out what is leaking why it's leaking and where memory needs to be cleaned up is not always as simple as weak and strong properties sometimes you have various cues doing various work and there could be leaks in different objects caused by different cues there could be race conditions that are causing leaks my point being is leaks are much more complex than what we've gone over in this video and if you're interested definitely leave a comment and let me know what your questions are and i'd be more than happy to make more videos on this topic if you haven't done so already drop a like down below hit subscribe if you're new to the channel and into ios thanks again for watching i'll catch you on the next one [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @iOSAcademy [11 likes]: Into iOS? Lets connect! https://linkedin.com/in/afrazsiddiqui
  2. @okopyl [3 likes]: > I'm going to hit pause

hits stop
  3. @shurale85 [2 likes]: if i am not mistaken instrument did not show memory leak of custom view, did it? there were some leaks but not related to MyView instance. The reason am interested in this video I am currently investigating my project and believe there are leaks. For one of my class deinit is not called. so i tried to figure out by using instruments/leaks. However it does not show me any leaks. really strange.
  4. @KimbrellBrad [2 likes]: More in-depth coverage as well as how to cure these in SwiftUI would be very much appreciated! Great start and exposure to something that I have explored but not really focused on enough. Thanks!
  5. @robinandthedog [2 likes]: top, like always, although I think I knew most, it's nice to see it come together like this for the community. Well done!
  6. @okopyl [1 likes]: > We still see our second VC.

But how to know what to look for when the leak is not caused intentionally (hence you know what to look for)?
  7. @somerandomvideos645 [1 likes]: 8:31 and how u see it is strongly retaining a second vc? I mean, I get that you know it, coz u know it. but it is not shown on a screen, only one arrow goes from SecondVC -> MyView
  8. @ChristopherCricketWallace [1 likes]: how do you find a leak from a closure that's executed on the background thread?
  9. @Ni7ram [1 likes]: loved this !
  10. @suryahealthcare4626 [1 likes]: That's good 👍 need more videos in depth for expert debugging and finding memory leaks
  11. @tbg6nb: 6:01 in my case (Xcode 26.3) it does not launch the app, the recording begins and app freezes
  12. @okopyl: > I'm gonna go ahead and run it one more time.

How exactly did you run it? I don't see that "share" button on my macOS app in Xcode.
  13. @okopyl: What about memory leaks in macOS? Could you please recommend any good videos on it?
  14. @fossjonc: This video was incredibly helpful and very direct/straight forward (along with your weak vs strong video) - Thanks for your work, liked & subscribed! :)
  15. @wlcrutch: Wait…memory leaks? I thought Swift handled memory automatically??
  16. @TephrosXI: Another video that's more in depth with a potentially real-world situation would be helpful!
  17. @mak_whisk: Thanks
  18. @YogeshBhatt-u1l: Awsome
  19. @manojsomineni5979: I am learning so much in tutorial iOS academy, thank you
  20. @nguyendzung1997: How to diagnose memory leak flutter module integrate in native app ?

- Mobile Automation using XCUITest | XCUITest Prerequisite | Perform Record & Playback using XCode: Kind: captions Language: en hello hi everyone good afternoon to say the prerequisites for these are xcui test came T book a sample code base and download so first we are prerequisites installations [Music] foreign recording operator foreign Sunday perfect than the deal is execution operations good enough we'll see you again in the next session thank you

- Troubleshooting with Xcode : Replace print Statements | packtpub.com: Kind: captions Language: en in this section we're going to be looking at advanced breakpoint debugging tips and tricks the first thing that we're going to be looking at is how to replace all the print statement in your projects this is the viewcontroller del swift file what I've done in advance is to create for function that we're going to be using to add subtract multiply and divide in value of a particular variable so let's declare a variable atop here so I'm going to say variable X and it's going to be equals to 0 so inside of the add function I'm going to say X plus equals to you I'm going to add 3 to the value of x and then inside of this subtract function I'm going to say X minus equals to 1 I'm going to remove one from it and then for the multiplication I'm going to say X multiply equals to 4 and for division I'm just going to divide it by 2 so that the X divided by equals 3/2 at the end of the divide function we want to know exactly what the value of x is so let's print the value of x so here I'm going to say divide and then I'm going to put the value of x a B and here so inside the viewdidload we are calling the add function so once the value is added we need to now call this so transfer function so let's call subtract after the event has been added and then once the value subtracted let's call the multiplication so multiply and that's actually this one should be multiplied not multiple so multiply and then finally inside of the multiply that we need to call the divine function so this means that when the app starts is going to call the add function we're going to add three bins willing to call this a trans function where we subtract 1 and then is going to call the multiply which multiply the number by 4 and final is going to divide the value of x by 2 and then is going to print the value of x so let's run our project to see exactly what we have so here you can see that it says divine and fork but let's say that the value of 4 is not what you expected because we're calling different function inside of another function so you may want to track exactly how the value are changing so the easiest way to do that is to actually print the value of x inside of each function so I'm going to copy this particular print statement and I'm going to place it inside of each function so here I'm going to say add and then we print the value of x and then after the in values be subtracted we use the print statement again to say this is the subtract and the next one we want to know exactly what the value is inside the multiplication so multiplying and finally we have the division so let's run our project to see exactly what we have okay so let's bring up the let's hide the variables view so here we know that the value of x when the result is 3 and then when we subtract it becomes 2 then we multiply it by 4 becomes 8 and then we divide it by 2 which is then 4 so that means the value is correct even though we are able to debug our project using a print statement just to get an idea what is happening inside of each function it is not always good to have print statement all over your project like this as you can see it is not really pretty I don't like to have print statements all over my project this is why you can use the break points to also be the same thing that we've just done here let me show you how we're going to do that so what I'm going to do is I'm going to replace the print statement on this line number 22 so I'm going to delete this particular print statement and I'm going to add a break point once you had the break point right click on the break points to get access to this context menu click on the edit brief point you're going to be presented with this option you want to click on an action and here the option says log message so we want to log message on this particular line number 22 and the message that we want to log is so we want to say add function and then if you look here you can see where it says at exp at so that means you can print an expression so any expression that you want to print for example in variable just put that sign up front and at the back of it so I'm going to say at X naught because I want to print the value of the variable X so that means it's going to give us the same thing that we're doing with our print statements so all you need to do is now just click away from the brief point now let's run our project it is going to pause on that break point but as you can see that we have the same information that we had previously using the print statement but there's another option that I need to show you if you right click on the break point again and click on edit a break point sometimes you don't need a break points to be paused all the Brid points that we looked at so far they stop at the place where we require them if you don't want the brief points to pause simply select this option the one that says automatically continuing after evaluating actions so select the options this means that when we run our project it will not pause on this so let's run the project and you can see we do not have the break point stopping on this particular line instead of having a print statement we've replaced the print statement with a break point so let's do the same thing for the subtract so I'm going to delete this particular print statement on line 29 and less and the log message we came to say sub tract and that will be at X not okay and select the option let's say automatically continue click away and then for the multiplier we're going to do the same thing and then add action multiply and then we want to print the value of X once you know how to use this you will never need to use a print statement in your program again and then finally for the divide we can simply do the same thing on this line 43 and right click Edit break point add action automatically continue and I will be divided and we can just say at X and click away I don't think we had the option to automatically continue so now let's run the program and see exactly what we have so as you can see we were able to achieve the same thing that we did with the print statements now we don't have any more print statements lying around in our program sometimes when I don't want to use a print statement I use this option as you can see we were able to achieve the same result as if we were using a print statement you can use a break point to log a particular value of a variable inside of a function that will give you an idea of exactly what is going on in your application you can use it for debugging so anytime you want to track a particular value of a variable instead of a function simply use the breakpoints log message to get a value if you don't need to pause your application on that particular line you can automatically continue after evaluating the breakpoint you

- EAS Workflows: React Native CI/CD for app developers: Kind: captions Language: en EAS Workflows is a React Native CI/CD that helps you automate your development and release processes. You can do things like make development builds for your entire team. You can publish previews of every single new feature on every commit, and then your team can view them with a QR code. Or you can deliver new code to your users with an over-the-air update, or with a set of new builds that you build and submit to stores. And you can decide this programmatically from within a workflow. And it doesn't stop there. You can run custom code. You can sequence every job to run in parallel or in sequence, and even run simulators and emulators to do things like running Maestro tests. This is going to help you and your team deliver features automatically. It'll make repeated processes across your team more consistent, and it'll also save you time. So let's talk about how to set up Workflows. What kinds of workflows most teams use, and how you and your team can trigger them. Let's jump right in. The first thing I'll need to do is set up my project with GitHub, and link my GitHub repo with my EAS project. I can do that by going into my account and then my project settings, and down here under GitHub. Here I can search for a repository. This one is called QRU. It's a QR code reading app. Okay, so I can go ahead and hit connect. And once I do, everything is now set up on EAS to start running workflows. So now let's talk about what we need to do to actually write the workflow files. A great place to start is our examples doc. Here we've got some helpful examples like how to create development builds, how to publish preview updates, and also how to deploy to production. I've gone ahead and put all of these inside of a project, and here every single workflow goes under this .eas/workflows directory. And then all of these Yaml files are those three different workflows we just saw. And here's what they look like. The last part of setup that we need to do is for whatever workflows we have, if we have type build or type submit jobs, we'll need to go ahead and run EAS Build or EAS Submit for the profiles that those jobs are using before we're able to run this workflow. Once we've done that, we'll be all good to go. Okay, so let's run through each of these workflows and talk about why they'll be so helpful for you and your team. The first workflow I want to talk about is creating development builds, because you're going to need to create development builds for you and your team. There are three different jobs here, each of which make a build that's signified by this type build property. This is a prepackaged job that's going to make an Android or iOS build for you. I've got three here because the Android one is going to work for devices and emulators alike. And then I've got an iOS one that makes one for an iOS device, and then another iOS one that makes a build for simulators. So by kicking off this job, I can create all of my development builds at once and in parallel. The second workflow I want to talk about is publishing preview updates. This enables that flow where on every single change that you make, you can publish changes, which takes usually about a minute to a minute and a half, and then your team can preview them by scanning a QR code on this particular one. I'm triggering this on every single push to every single branch, and then I've just got one job of type equals update, and it's going to use whatever branch as my update branch. And so this allows me to get a unique URL for everybody who wants to preview my code. Finally, the last one and the most complex one, but this shows some of the power that you can get with Workflows is deployed to production. Now let's walk through this one a bit. So if I have native changes to my app, it's going to determine whether I need to make a new build for the App Store or whether I should send an over-the-air update. And this workflow programmatically figures out which one I should do. It does that by running this job called fingerprint. And this fingerprint looks at the native characteristics of my build, and it's able to figure out if I already have a build with the exact same native characteristics or the exact same runtime. And if I do, it's going to make a decision. So pretty much I get this fingerprint of my build, and then I can go see if I already have an Android and an iOS build of that native runtime. Then if I don't have a build already, I'll go ahead and make builds for Android and iOS, and I'm also going to go submit them. But if those builds already exist in production and my users are already using them, I can go ahead and publish an over-the-air update instead, which is going to be much faster, and my users are going to get those changes more quickly. This makes it so that when I merge to main, the right thing is going to happen. I'll either need to make a new submission with the app stores, or my users are just automatically going to get the latest changes pushed to their phone over the air. So let's talk about how to trigger these workflows. This is my development builds one again. And this one is not triggered by GitHub. The best way to run this one is by using EAS CLI. I can do that by running eas workflow: run, and then the name of the Yaml file inside of .eas/workflows. And when I do this it's going to upload my project to EAS. And it's going to run all of these builds for me on that command. The other way to trigger these is through GitHub. And that's configured inside of the workflow files. So inside here I can say on push to every single branch. And that means every time I push on GitHub we're going to see that event. And we'll go ahead and run this job. Similarly like this deploy to production workflow. It says on pushes to the main branch please run all of these jobs which are going to figure out whether I need a new build or whether I can send an over-the-air update. EAS workflows is available now for both free and paid accounts. If you're on a free account, you can now automate your Build, Submissions and Updates with Workflows. And if you're a subscriber, you can run custom scripts, you can run Maestro tests and more. I'll leave a link down below for our pricing and also our docs so that you can get started. In addition to the guides that I showed in this video, there's also a guide on how to upgrade from running EAS CLI commands locally. So I hope you'll give it a try and let me know if you have questions or feedback. You can email us at workflows@expo.io. So thanks for watching and I hope you have a great day!

  Top Comments:
  1. @felipemillhouse [3 likes]: did you forget the link for the prices?
  2. @LiamODev [3 likes]: Can't wait to try this!
  3. @MrMatDoe [2 likes]: wow, super simplified, can't wait to start using workflows
  4. @DougRichar [2 likes]: Would be great to have a `on.release` trigger, which was how I was hoping to automate generating internal distribution builds for my team while our app is in early development
  5. @MikeBifulco [2 likes]: Super excited to give this a shot. I'm going to sift through the docs a bit, but one thing I'm interested in is the granularity of triggers, in particular for production builds. Our expo app is part of a monorepo, and we can't/shouldn't send a production build on every push. I'd love a semi-automatic way to trigger production builds - maybe branches being merged to main with a specific label on github, or branch naming pattern, etc
  6. @developershandle [1 likes]: Good job, highly professional
  7. @nucleartide [1 likes]: This sounds badass. Look forward to trying over the air updates!
  8. @StevenRotelli [1 likes]: I've been using this for about a week, and I know the feature is new, but I'd like to see a few more examples with annotations.
  9. @MaulanaFadilah-k2f: awesome but it will be very helpful if it can integrate with browserstack (and appium)
  10. @MiguelRomero-q9o: You lost me at 1:44 when you switched to that Alien Style screen, Where do you go for that code screen you changed to?
  11. @0deathrex: bro i am fucking damn confuse , :face-fuchsia-wide-eyes: build  dir is in the project dir is differen then the build of the EAS??
  12. @el_lea: Is this Ccheever? :0
  13. @himanshupoptani7281: Amazing stuff
  14. @MarkSchwanke: Awesome video Jon!
  15. @kehindesalaudeen9241: Can eas work with bare react native
  16. @gokusaiyan1128: Is it possible to also sign the applications and deploy on play store and app store ?
  17. @khamhti5223: can u make one more with gitlab? not with GitHub
  18. @joshuagalit6936: I really do like the expo and been working with this technology, but the things the I really hate about this is the prebuild and running the command for apk release is really annoying. 

1. It takes 20+ minutes to build
2. Had alot of errors in the console.
  19. @polski00: EAS Workflows requires github, We use bitbucket :/
  20. @DUDEX200: I need a help,
My expo app in working fine in expo go but when i make a apk its open and when i navigate its stuck on blank screen how to solve it!

- Appium iOS Testing tutorial for Beginner - Java /maven /Xcode/ iOS Simulator: Kind: captions Language: en hello guys i am paul uh today my session is about ios device testing using apm um so the prerequisite for this session is to download apm um xcode so xcode is basically used mostly for for developing ios um apps but we will be using this for uh getting the io simulator so is emulator looks like this i will show how you can open the ios simulation from xcode we have to also configure junit4 if you are not done already in the eclipse so in in my previous videos i might have already uh told about how to um create a maven project uh using junit unit 4 so you can refer to that video so um [Music] i'll i'll um you have to actually refer the junit video to basically set up this project so i will create a new new test here so you can create a new new junit test and name it as ios testing so this empty test case will be created so what we will do um i will first of all create the um ios driver that is required for the testing um as a global variable over here so i'll just refer my code that i've done so just get the ios driver and just paste that here sorry these capabilities apm also can help you i will go through that as well so right now i'll just um copy all these capabilities and that are required so this command desired capabilities caps is how it is how to initialize and then after that you have to set these capabilities and for running this um this app you have to basically use the abm server which part is mentioned here and you have to call the caps to this driver and then after that we can in the test and in the test annotation we can use this driver to find these elements so let's go to the first four apm i'll i'll close out um this apm session i'll i'll try from starting once you've installed apm you have to open apn it takes a while to open it so in the login page itself you will have this server name it will be asking which server name you want to start the server with and most of the time we use 127.0.0.1 so this apm session is starting now so we'll mention 127.0.0.1 basically you can give any number but yeah because it's already set up in the code we'll use this um address so this is how the apm server starts up ensures that if your mentors listener has started now when you click on the inspector it it will basically show you all um all these setups with which you have already done or other capabilities that you have already saved so i have to save one of the capability which says the platform name platform version device name and bundle id so these all are the capabilities that has to be present so basically uh this bundle id that i'm using is for the reminder app so this is a default app from apple uh the reminders app um so i'm using this for my testing and if you want to um basically test your app you need to know the bundle id and the app activity as well so i'll or or you have to ask your developer basically to know to give those uh setups and uh to add to the desired capability before you test your app so right now i'll just be using default that i know that the bundle id for this is apple dot reminders once you've done that you can do a start session so when you do a start session it automatically opens opens up the simulator and if you have xcode installed and simulator will also be get installed automatically so basically it will open up the ios device and this capability has the platform um version s 11.3 so it's ios 11 and will be opening ios device here so it opens the reminder it reminders app and we have um so in this will be what we can do is we go here and just type what reminder you want to keep so you can type reminder test testing or something like that and once you click on done it saves this as a reminder and this this done goes away and the edit button comes up this kind of testing i'll do create a new reminder using my code do some of the testing so here you can see as well um the apm we call this as apm doctor so it opens up this nice gui which tells what all are app elements uh over here the um yeah so you can check on these ones like suppose i want to click over here and do some operation like send keys and type something so we have something called accessibility id which is used to identify this web element um so this is kind of a native native app most of the native apps will be able to get the element using accessibility id and we have the other option of using xpath if um if your accessibility ad is not present or yeah these both of the options are good to locate all your your app elements so once you have located this like um the accessibility id for this um is new new reminder and that i have done the code as well and then we can type something over here and then we can do done on this button over here and then we can add other things apm tool is really helpful to first of all configure all your desired capabilities and then um run this um apm doctor to identify your web elements so once you have all located your web elements and um things uh i'll show you the code like what i have done here so i am doing like um driver the final elements by accessibility id new reminder and it sends the keys um and it enters the detail of the reminder then it it hits the done button and then then it checks because after you have hit the done button the that button changes to edit so i have done an assert whether the edit option is not visible um in this app so all this code and other desired capability i'll be saving it in my website uh i have and also i'll be sharing you the pom um from dependencies that are that is required so it is um currently i have just saved the dependencies you will find my video video attached over here and other details important details i will be attaching that in my website which is worldwide testconsultants.com so in a tutorial section you have all the other tutorials as well like journey test ng rest assured um all the major um automation uh related frameworks are already present you can refer that and learn more let's just run the test and see how how it feels like when we are running it just um yeah let's let's just run it and check the behavior we just right click on that junit class and just run um run a junior test on on this particular java never class so unless um so you can see here um the app is opening and also you will be able to see all the logs that are getting generated on the server side of apm you see their logs are getting generated and it is typing and it did the um click on the done button and uh and the test is passed so this is how this is generated over here you can see that the test is passed and yeah this is how you run and um get another app and get to know how to find the elements uh using the apm inspector so once you um are done and if you if you refresh over here as well you you'll get the latest um the snapshot if you just uh click on refresh yeah it is not doing now not sure why i have to start the session again so if let me start the session again go here it takes some time to open the setup over here so let's again try to start the session so you'll see that um now this um simulator is getting control from the apm directly so it will open the app and then if you refresh after that so the right screen you will be able to get it here see that now the screen is updated and from here basically you can navigate to whatever element you want to uh you want to do uh perform operations on so um yeah um so if you want to click on this radio button you can use this xpath yeah so this all session was about testing the your ios app using apm so i hope you like my video feel free to write any notes you want to write on my youtube channel hope to see you soon have a good day bye for now

  Top Comments:
  1. @gameboyv1790 [2 likes]: How to ge appium
  2. @yasinakca8522 [1 likes]: How did u get the bundle id for an app which builded on simulator?
  3. @lokeshnagarajan7495 [1 likes]: Can you please help us in running the automation script on ios 15 version simulator using appium

- RetroArch on iPhone & iPad (Starter Guide): Kind: captions Language: en [Music] hey everybody this is Ruster Metro game core we've had some new developments when it comes to emulation on Apple devices in particular we now have retroarc available for the iPhone as well as the iPad in this video I'm going to show you how to set that up so that you can start playing your favorite retro games now we've already had a major emulator drop on iOS before this is going to be Delta I made a video about that as well but that one is more focused on Nintendo based systems and really is only made for the iPhone right now this one with retroarch is going to give us a lot more games that we can play and of course it's also going to work with the iPad so that's pretty awesome in fact there's also an Apple TV version that's come out I don't have an Apple TV just yet but I do plan on making a video about that when I get one in the mail now I kind of have a love and hate relationship with retroarch there are many things I love about it the ability to implement things like different shaders and cheats all of those will really elevate your emulation experience but there are some bad aspects to it as well including the fact that the user interface is not very intuitive and it does take quite some time to get spun up so in this video we're going to focus specifically on getting started although I do have a full written guide and retroarch video guide that I will also leave link down below so I would recommend following this video just to get started and then if you want to dip your toes a little bit further in then check out those other guides anyway we've got a lot of ground to cover here so let's go ahead and Dive Right In [Applause] okay let's start by talking about what systems you can emulate through retar and for this video we're going to focus on the popular systems and so these are the ones that you'll see here in this video that'll include the Nintendo systems all the way up to Nintendo 64 and DS but then also some Sega systems too including Sega Genesis and Sega Saturn unfortunately Sega Dreamcast is not available as a core with this platform other systems that we're going to test today include Sony PlayStation as well as final burneo which is going to allow us to play a lot of arcade games now that is not every system that can play on retroarch here is the full list I actually went through all of the available cores within the emulator and this is them right here so if you want to play any of these old systems like ZX Spectrum or amga or even Neo Geo all of those are available here within this emulator also of note PlayStation Portable does have a retroarch emulation core but there's also been the Standalone PSP emulator available on iOS as well so we will save that for a different video anyway let's go ahead and get started by installing retro work on our device I'm going to do this on my iPad just so we have more screen real estate and I will do it through a direct video feed as well first thing go into the App Store and search for the word retroarch and it's going to be a free download so just go ahead and download it here the file size is pretty big it's over 500 megabytes but that's because every single emulator core is already installed on it so really once you make this one big download you will have the entire app next we're going to open up the app and initialize everything now I'm going to use a Bluetooth controller here but you can also use the touch screen if you would like the first time you open it it's going to extract the assets you'll you know it's done once the font gets a little bit cleaner looking and now we're ready for our initial setup and the first thing we're going to do is customize the look and feel of retroarc I don't really mind this initial look but I think it's a little bit unintuitive so I'm going to change it to something that just makes a lot more sense graphically so we're going to press the right arrow two times to get into the settings menu from there we're going to scroll down until we find drivers and then the first option within drivers is going to be the menu driver that's just a fancy way of saying the skin that they're using within retroarc you've got four different options here and they're all fine but I prefer the one that's called xmb or cross media bar this is going to look like an old PlayStation 3 menu and I think it just looks a little bit more intuitive because it's both a vertical and horizontal anyway once you've selected that you need to exit out of retroarch and start it back up the easiest way to do that is just to swipe up to kill the app and then jump back in and now that we're back in you can see that yeah it looks like a PlayStation 3 I think this is a little bit more intuitive now what we can do is scroll left and right to go through the different sections and then within each of those sections we now have other submenus and so this is what we're going to use for navigation throughout the rest of this video so let's start with the initialization process in the main menu we're going to scroll down to online updater within here you'll find a bunch of options that start with the word update so I recommend going through each of these and then pressing the a button to load them this is going to download and install new assets and controller profiles and cheat databases and things like that you only really need to do this that very first time and then you can do it periodically if you would like maybe once every couple months but these objects don't really change too often and so it's not one of those things you have to do all the time anyway once those are done we're going to go into the second menu which is the setting section and we're going to spend quite a bit of time here let's start by going into the user interface within here we can go down to the onscreen notification section and then within that we can select notification visibility and then from here we can turn on the frame rate if we would like it's going to show up on the top right corner and then show you whether or not the game is going to be running at full speed another thing related to the user interface is that when you start up a game by default it's going to show onscreen touch controls and this will work out fine if you're trying to play a game in a pinch and you don't have a controller with you but it can be distracting if you have a controller hooked up so this is an easy fix within the user interface settings as well within here scroll down to onscreen overlay and then scroll about halfway down that menu you'll see one that says hide the overlay when a controller is connected just go ahead and turn that on and really that's it that means that every time that you have a Bluetooth controller connected and you start up a game you're not going to have to see the touchscreen controls but if you want to play a game without a controller those touchscreen controls will still appear next we're going to go into the video settings because if you would like you can turn on HDR basically all iPhones past iPhone 13 as well as I think the iPad Pro 2021 all support HDR and so it's up to you whether or not you want to use this but this is where you would find it next we're going to go into the input section and if you're having any sort of issues with your buttons maybe some are not showing up correctly you'll want to go in here into retroarc binds and then Port one controls and within here you can assign your buttons however you would like now for most controllers it's already automated and it usually will work pretty well but if you run into any issues this is where you would want to fix it now if you scroll down a little bit more you will find menu controls this is where you can swap out the okay and cancel buttons within the retroarch menu so if you don't like the way that the A and B buttons are functioning within retroarch you can just swap them right here and then finally the most important part of inputs is something called hotkeys these are going to be quick menu shortcuts that you can do without having to get back into the menu here's a little diagram I've made of all the most important hotkeys for me the most important button will be your hotkey enable button that's going to be select after that all the other buttons are going to function when you're pressing the hotkey enable button so for example if you want to show your frames per second you would hold on to select and then press the Y button and same thing here if you want to save a state you would press select an R1 and then if you want to load that Save State you would press select an L1 and if you wanted to jump into the retroarc menu while in a game you would press select an X and then if you wanted to just close the game Al together you would press select and start so that's how hotkeys will work in this system and so now let's set them up first thing when you get into this menu you will see the hotkey enable button so just assign this to select from there you can scroll down and find the other ones within the diagram and then assign them accordingly so for example Under menu toggle we're going to set this one to the x button and same thing with close content we will choose this to be the start button and there are all sorts of other more complicated hotkeys you could set up as well including adjusting the volume or potentially changing out your discs with multi- games or even toggling out your shaders either way here's another look at that diagram in case you just want to get the very Basics these are the ones that I always set up every time I'm setting up a new system okay another setting that I think is pretty important is under saving if you scroll down here you can find auto saave State and autoload State this means that every time you close out of a game it's automatically going to save where you were and then when you start the game back up it's going to go right back to that same spot this can be super handy if you're just trying to jump in and out of your games pretty quickly and then finally another feature I think is worth considering are called retro achievements you can find these within the achievement section of the settings menu now to get this set up you'll have to go to retroachievements dog and then sign up for a free account and I've had mine for about four years of this point and I love it it will track all of the Retro games that you're playing as long as you have retro achievements signed in and so it kind of works like trophies or achievements with PlayStation and Xbox but with your retro games and they're all made by the community it's a lot of fun anyway to get this going you can go into the achievement section then turn it on and then insert your username and password that you used when you first signed up after that I do recommend also going down to hardcore mode and then turning this off if you leave it on that means you won't be able to use cheats or rewind or save states so it'll really be up to you and how you want to play your retro games but for me personally I like my save states so I turn this off and that's really about it when it comes to those initial settings so once you're done with all that I would recommend going back to the main menu then go down to configuration file and select save current configuration it will actually autosave when you close out of the app but it's always good to do it yourself as well okay now that we've configured our settings we've got a couple different things we need to do the first is to add our games and then we need to make playlists and so we'll start by adding our games and this can be a simple or complicated process depending on how familiar you are with Apple devices in a nutshell what you have to do is take your retro games and put them within the retroarc folder and that's because as far as I can tell retroarch only has access to the files within its own folder on your device so for example if we go into the files app on your phone or iPad you will see a location that says on my iPhone or on my iPad go into there and you will see a retroarch folder and if you open that up there will be another retroarch folder and then within that one you will see a bunch of other folders and essentially this is the only place that retroarch has access so you have to put your retro games within here and what I did is I just made a folder called ROMs and then I put all my subfolders within here one per system and then of course Within These folders I put all my ROM files now ROM files are copyrighted so I'm not going to show you where to get them but you're going to have to find them on your own and getting these files onto your iPad can be pretty simple there's one of two major ways the first would be to put the games on the cloud either on your iCloud drive or maybe on Google Drive or Dropbox from there you can navigate to that folder on your iPhone or iPad and then download them directly onto your device from there you would just need to copy and paste those files over into this ROM file within your retroarch folder another way you could do it is to take a USB flash drive then plug that into your iPhone or iPad and then transfer them over directly for me I just put all my files onto my iCloud drive and then I downloaded them and then mve them over and so it's a pretty simple process you just have to go through the files app to do it so let me show you an example starting with this Saturn folder here you can see I have three different files they're all in CHD format about 3 or 400 Megs each now one question you might have is what kind of file types are accepted by retroarch often you will see them in zip format or sometimes you'll see them just in the direct ROM format and there's a handy tool within retroarch itself that will show you all the accepted file types and it's pretty simple to check you would go into load core and then find whatever emulator core you want to run let's use PlayStation 1 as our example I'm going to use the pcsx rearmed core once you select the core it's going to take you back to the main menu then go into information and then select core information now within here it's going to tell you everything about this core including the supported file extensions and Playstation is a great example because it will accept just about everything like with Sega Saturn I prefer to use CHD files these are going to be compressed files so they take up less space and I think they work great another thing you can check while in the core information section are which bios files are required which you can see down here on the bottom and we're going to talk about bios in a second but yeah you can see right here the listing of those that they want and so really that's about it when it comes to setting up the emulator files themselves within retroarch it can be pretty complicated if you've never done emulation before it's really just a matter of making sure you find the correct file format and then putting them in a folder that retroarch can find as another example here if we go into my PlayStation 1 folder you can see that I have four different games and they're all in CHD format now just a second ago I mentioned bios files these are system files that are required for certain emulators to run properly and retroarc is going to look in a specific folder to find those bios files and because we already have access to all the retroarch folders We should just put them directly in there and so instead of putting them in your ROMs folder with everything else I recommend putting them in the system folder which you can see right here and already added all the requisite bios files that I personally like to use and so let's go over them really quickly the first three up top are for Sega CD in the different regions if you do want to play various games below that we have the Game Boy Game Boy Advance and Game Boy Color bios files I like to add these because it adds the boot logo when you start up a game after that we have the MPR and then the Sega 101 bin files these are used for Sega Saturn and these are required next we have the neogeo.zip file you want to add this to both the system folder as well as your Neo Geo folder if you're going to have Neo Geo ROMs after that we have a PlayStation 1 bios and then at the very bottom we have these three that are used for turbor graphic CD or PC engine CD Now I know I went through that pretty quickly but here's a nice fancy slide with all those file names so I would recommend maybe pausing here if you don't have these files then Googling them and then adding them to your folder and so really that's about it when it comes to adding your files to retroarch you want to make a ROMs folder to put all of your games and then put your bios files within the system folder now once we have that set up let's go back into the settings section then scroll all the way down to directory and the first thing you'll see is that within system and bios it's pointing to that system folder that we already put our bios files within but the thing we need to change is within the file browser section select that then retroarc and then select your ROMs folder then select use this directory and you are now good to go so now that we've added our games let's start adding playlists so that we can actually navigate through and boot them up you'll find this on the far right side under a heading called import content we'll start with the automatic scanning process which will work for most systems and then we'll also do a manual scan for a couple of the tricky ones so first we'll select scan directory from there it's going to take us to our ROMs folder and let's pick one of these systems Game Boy is a good example once we select that you'll see on the bottom left it'll say that the scanning of the directory is finished if we back out into the main section and then scroll all the way to the right you will now see there's a Game Boy section and the cool thing here is that as you hover over each of these games if you wait for a few seconds it'll actually download the box art for the game as long as your game is named correctly and so once you've scrolled through the games once it'll initiate that download and then if you go back to it you should then see the box art it looks pretty cool so that in a nutshell is how to do a scan directory so let's do a couple more of them and this will work great for all these systems that have specific file name extensions for example Game Boy Advance which has GBA games and same thing with Game Boy Color these ones use a GBC file extension now we're going to skip Genesis for now because it's a little bit more tricky so let's go down to Nintendo 64 and then scan this one and you can do the same thing for Nintendo DS and NES as well as Super Nintendo now the other systems can be more tricky because they use generic file extensions so let's do manual scan for those So within here we have to manually choose a couple system parameters so we'll start with system name we're going to do final bero so I'm going to go down to final bero arcade games next under default core I'm going to find the final burneo core which is right there under arcade and then finally the third thing you want to do is the content directory you need to point it to the final beral folder and once we've chosen that directory we are now ready to actually do manual scan now one more advanced thing you can do is add an arcade DAT file this is an XML file that will change the file names of these arcade games to match the actual game itself and this is all explained in that retro AR guide that I mentioned in the intro of this video and so I will leave that link down below if you want to go a little bit further into it for now we're just going to keep it super simple so we will do a start scan and there we are if we go and back out to the main section then scroll to the right we can see the final burneo section and like I mentioned you know the file names here are not going to reflect the exact name of the game instead it's just going to be the name of the file okay let's do a couple more manual scans just to make sure you've got the hang of it so we'll go back into here and this time under content directory we're going to select Sega Genesis and then same thing under system name we'll scroll down to Sega Mega Drive Genesis and then finally we need to select our default core we've got a few options here when it comes to Genesis I prefer Genesis plus GX so that's the one I'm going to choose and that's really it we can select start scan and we should be good let's do one more selection with PlayStation 1 we're going to change the content directory to our PS1 folder and then under system name we will scroll down until we find Sony PlayStation now when we get to default core it's going to be the same thing we have a few different ones to choose from I personally like the one called pcsx rearmed once you've got those three taken care of we're ready to start the scan and then just do Sega Saturn and we'll be good to go okay so here's a look at all of our playlists we're actually done at this point we can now scroll through these and like I mentioned before as long as your names are correctly labeled you will see the box art at on point and essentially that's it we've Now set up retroarc we've now added our games and then also set up our playlist those are the three things you really have to do so now it's time for the fun stuff we're going to start playing some games and see how everything works now there is still some more stuff to learn in terms of just configuring each of these systems to work perfectly and so we'll go over that as we test each of these systems we're going to keep going on the iPad for now but we will do some iPhone testing here in a minute I just like using this big screen now in terms of controllers you could just use a standard modern controller like an Xbox or PlayStation controller these are going to work fine you would just connect these via Bluetooth to the iPad and everything should work automatically however for me personally I really like to use this controller when playing retro games it's called the 8bit do sn30 pro this one has all the buttons I need but it's also nice and Compact and obviously reminds me of a Super Nintendo controller as well now the gray one that I have is a little bit of an older model but they do have a couple nice transparent models now too I'll leave links to each of these controllers down in the video description as well if you'd like to check them out anyway let's go ahead and get started started with our game testing so I'm going to go through our playlist and then choose a game let's do Donkey Kong Land now when you first try to run the game it's going to give you an option of all the cores that can play Game Boy and it's really going to be up to you which one you want to use but for me personally I prefer gambat the first one on the list now when the game starts up there's a few things to notice number one we're getting the boot logo which means we have the BIOS installed and then also on the top left you can see that it's logged into Retro achievements because it lets me know how many achievements I've unlocked the third thing you may notice is that the game is playing in Black and white and you may want to add some colorizations let's do that first we're going to press select an X to bring up the retroart quick menu and then we're going to scroll down to core options and for each of the emulator cores these will look a little bit different and the setting we want to change is under Game Boy colorization change this to internal once you've changed that you can go into internal palette and then there's a bunch of different colors you can choose from like over a 100 I think we're going to stick with the default dmg1 but it's always fun to experiment with these options another thing I like to change within gbat is is under interframe blending I like to change this to LCD ghosting accurate that's going to add a little bit of ghosting to the screen to mimic what it was like on the original Game Boy And now when we start up the game again you can see that everything is a nice DMG green but then also we've got a little bit of interframe blending or LCD ghosting now there's one more thing we can add to really take it over the edge and that's going to be a Shader for this we're going to go back into the Retro art quick menu and then near the bottom there's a Shader section go ahead and turn this on and then select load preset from there go into the Shader _ slang folder and then for this one we're going to navigate down to the handheld folder my favorite Shader is called LCD 3x so I'm going to scroll down until I find that and then I'm going to select it however I find this one to be a little bit dark so I'm going to scroll down into Shader parameters and then under brighten LCD I'm going to change this to 8.0 and these are the standard settings I like to use with every game boy and Game Boy Color game so I'm going to go into save preset and then I'm going to select save core preset that means it's going to work for both Game Boy and Game Boy Color and that's it now we can jump back into the game and as you can see here it is green we've got a little bit of LCD ghosting and we've got a nice grid overlay as well so I'd say this is about as close as you can get to a huge Game Boy screen right now I think it's pretty awesome now if you want to close out of a game if you remember the hotkey is Select and start we do that it's going to take us right back to the retroarch menu now we can choose another game and then boot that from here let's go into Game Boy Color next and the first time you run it it's going to ask you which core you want to use we're going to use the same gambat core and because we save that Shader as a core preset that means it's also going to work with Game Boy Color and so yeah we are well set up when it comes to Game Boy Color we've got the boot logo we've got retro achievements and we even have the Shader so that's awesome we got two systems knocked out let's try Game Boy Advance next and same thing here when you boot it up it's going to ask you which core you want to use I recommend mgba this one is also going to show you that boot logo as well as the Retro achievements but this is another system where you might want to add that LCD 3x shaders let's do that really quickly we're going to go back into the retroarch quick menu then shaders then turn on this shaders then go down to load preset and then I'm going to go really quickly through the handheld section and then the LCD 3x preset finally we'll go down to Shader parameters then brighten the LCD to 8.0 then we'll go to save preset and I'm going to select save content directory preset that means that any Game Boy advanced game that I play no matter the core is going to have that Shader and that's it now we've got Game Boy advanced games working same thing we've got the nice Shader everything looks good we've got retro achievements logged in yeah we're good to go with this one as well okay next we're going to jump up all the way to the Nintendo 64 we're going to start with banjo kazui now this one only has one core so when it asks you which core you know exactly which one to choose and with Nintendo 64 you can add a Shader if you'd like but I think it works just fine as it is but one thing we can test here is the fast forward function so I can press select and R2 it's going to toggle on fast forward and how fast it runs is going to depend on how powerful this system you're running I have a second generation iPad Pro and so it's pretty Zippy this is really handy because the era of games for Nintendo 64 and like PS1 many of these didn't have skippable cut scenes so if you just want to get into the action you can fast forward through that old cut scene anyway yeah this is what Nintendo 64 looks like as you can see it's a 4x3 system which is going to fill up most of the screen here with the iPad Pro because this is a 4x3 display as well there might be a little bit of cropping just by the nature of Nintendo 64 that's why you're seeing some black borders but it's still running in 4x3 now here one thing we can change is we can upscale the resolution with 3D games like banjo kazui to do that we can go into the retroart quick menu and then core options and then go into the Glide N64 section here you've got a couple different options when it comes to resolution you've got it when playing games in 4x3 but then also when playing games wide in fact here you can also adjust the aspect ratio by default it's going to be 4x3 which works great with the iPad Pro but if you're using an iPhone you can change this to a different option which is wide with the word adjusted within parentheses that's actually going to turn on WID screen hacks let's go ahead and actually turn that one on here with the iPad so you can see what it looks like and of note you'll have to close out of the game and start it back up to see these changes take effect and another thing worth noting is that when starting up a Nintendo 64 game I found about half the time retroarch will actually crash this has been a problem with this core for years at this point and so I'm not surprised that it's still there and so if a Nintendo 64 game crashes retroarch when you start it up don't worry about it just go right back into it and then start the same game up and chances are the second time you try it it'll work now as you can see here it's set to 16x9 and so it's actually widescreen but again you have these big black bars in the top and bottom so that'll be up to you which one you prefer would you like to see more of the screen at once using these widescreen hacks or would you rather have something that fills up the entire screen I think when it comes to playing Nintendo 64 games on the iPhone if it supports widescreen hacks it's definitely worth it for example Super Mario 64 is awesome in WID screen and so this is really fun on the iPhone but when it comes to the iPad I would prefer not to have a wider resolution so we're going to change this back to 4x3 I'm going to keep all these games upscale to 1080p just because my device is power ful enough for it but you can always figure it out based on the power of your phone or your iPad either way yeah that's how you would run Nintendo 64 games and I think they look great now another neat thing you can do within retro Arc is that you can set up cheats and some of these are pretty awesome let's do it really quickly for Mario 64 we're going to press select and X to get into the retroarch quick menu and then we'll scroll down until we find the cheat section it's right above shaders now here we want to select load sheet file replace next scroll down until you find your system we're going to go with Nintendo 64 and then you'll have to scroll down until you find your game this can take a while depending on how far it is in the alphabet but if you press the R2 button it'll ZIP down to the next letter of the alphabet so it can get pretty fast either way once you find your game go ahead and select it and that'll bring you back to the main cheat menu now if you scroll down you can see that there are a bunch of cheat options and so what I would recommend here is reading through these and if any of these sound pretty fun then turn them on you can either just press right on the d-pad to turn it on automatically or you can select the cheat and then scroll down to enabled and turn turn it on from here and we're going to turn on this one called giant Mario I have no idea what this is going to do but it sounds pretty fun and after you've chosen all your cheats and turn them on just go to apply changes now when we go back into the game you can see I've got a giant Mario just as the cheat said and so this can be a really fun way to Breathe new life into your games if you want invincibility or you want to jump higher it's all going to be found within here okay next let's try Nintendo DS now this is a pretty fun system as well now by default these games are going to run in a top to bottom pattern and I think that's going to be fine on the iPad in fact what you can do is just rotate the iPad and that way it plays a little bit more vertically and so this ends up being a massive DS at this point it's pretty awesome to play now one thing of note you can also upscale these games like we did with Nintendo 64 but bear in mind that the DS emulator is not very performant here in retroarch even with a super powerful system like an iPad either way to set this up we're going to go back into the Retro art quick menu and then core options and then within the graphics section you will see an internal resolution now like I mentioned this is not a very performant core so to make sure that every game plays smoothly I usually just set it to a 2X resolution and that's still going to look twice as good as the native resolution so I think it looks pretty sharp either way that's about it when it comes to Nintendo DS but of note when you're playing it on an iPhone you're probably want to change the options to be horizontal instead so you can play them wide like this okay next let's try NES there are a couple parameters I recommend changing with this one as well to start it's going to ask which core you want to use I recommend using nestopia and once you have the game running there's one thing you might notice is some flickering on the left and right this is pretty common with a lot of older NES games these portions of the screen used to be covered by a CRT television so what we can do is get rid of those sections for this we'll open up the retroart quick menu then go into core options and then under video you will see mask over scan and all you want to do is change the left and right horizontal to eight pixels and for most games that's going to be perfect now while we're also in here we can go down to emulation hacks and we can remove the Sprite limit that's going to remove flickering from from older games and then also we can change it to a 2X overclock for the CPU speed that's going to reduce any slowdown that used to happen mid game now this is going to take away from the original experience of playing an NES game if you want the flickering and slowdown like it used to be then keep these off either way this is now how Little Nemo is going to play on the NES we've removed the flickering from the left and right we also aren't going to have any flickering with the Sprites and then there's no slowdown either so it's almost like an optimized way to play these games although it is not quite true to the original next we're going to try out Super Nintendo this one is actually pretty well configured already the major thing to note is that we have multiple cores to choose from and the main ones are going to be bsnes and snes9x now bsnes is a lot more accurate it's going to give you a better representation of the original Super Nintendo game but it does require more power now Apple devices are generally pretty powerful so I think that bsnes will probably work just fine so I would recommend using that one if you can and the games are going to look amazing on here they're going to stretch out to the 4x3 display and yeah it's almost Pixel Perfect because we have such a high resolution on both the iPad and the iPhone by the way this is like the 12 or 12.9 in iPad and these games are massive this is amazing to play these retro games like this okay next up let's try out Sega Genesis now thankfully this one does not require any additional configuration it's just going to work awesome right out of the box and while I didn't set up Sega 32x and Sega CD at the same time it's the exact same process so it's a very simple setup and all these games are going to run wonderfully this was the main 6 bit system I had growing up and so I get a lot of nostalgia playing these old games like Sonic okay so next we're going to move into Sega Saturn this one is really exciting because this is a really hard system to emulate but the emulator core they have within retroarch is the beetle core this is my favorite among them so provided you have the correct bios these games should just boot right up and it's going to be awesome now one thing to note here are the controls for example if you planned on using a game with analog sticks it's not going to be set up perfectly right out of the gate however it's a pretty easy fix let's go back into the retroarch quick menu and now we're going to go into controls we've got two major options here let's go down to the port One controls and under device type we can change it from the regular Sega Saturn pad to the 3D pad this one did come with an analog stick and so if you set this up and the game supports it you'll be able to just use this and it'll work fine so for example with this game nights into dreams it did support the 3D control pad and so as a result you can use your analog stick just like this but let's say there is a game that doesn't support this control pad but you still want to use the analog stick let me me show you a trick for that and this trick can be done for any of the other systems we've been talking about today back in the quick menu control section we're going to change it back to control pad and then below that there's an option that says analog to digital type and you want to change this to left analog that means that any of the d-pad inputs are now also going to work with the left analog stick and so it's kind of a cheating way of adding the digital inputs to an analog stick but all the same it's a great way to just really quickly be able to play any game with an analog stick if you'd like and this can be done with a number of different systems for example I like playing the Super Nintendo version of Legend of Zelda with an analog stick as opposed to a d-pad and so you can set that up this way as well now another thing you can do is use shaders with the Home console systems let's try this out with Saturn just to see how far we can push it so we're going to go into the quick menu then shaders but this time we're going to go into load preset slang shaders and CRT and this time we're going to choose a really intensive CRT Shader called CRT Royale these are going to really tax the CPU and given the fact that the beetle Saturn core is also very demanding it's always nice to see how far we can push this device so not only are we playing a hard system to emulate with a hardto playay core but we're also using one of the hardest shaders to run as well and sure enough my iPad is so powerful that it can play this no problem and this is pretty awesome so this really replicates that old CRT feel if you want to play a retro game like this and to give you an idea of just how powerful this iPad is if I turn on fast forward it goes up to 180 frames so this is running at a three times speed but with all those param added to it as well and given the fact that this is one of the harder Sega Saturn games to emulate I'm pretty confident in saying that all Sega Saturn games will probably play as long as they work with the emulator it'll obviously depend on the device that you're using but I'm really impressed with its performance right here okay last Home console system to test is going to be PlayStation 1 and these games are all going to run just fine I do recommend adding that bios file just to make sure you have the best compatibility but overall yeah all these games are going to work one thing you can also do within the pcsx rearmed core which is the one I prefer you can upscale the graphics and it's a very similar process to what we already did with Nintendo 64 and DS so we'll go into the quick menu then core options and now we'll go into GPU plugin here you have three options that all say enhanced resolution I recommend turning on all three of these this will essentially double the resolution so it's not going to be like a full 1080P or something like that but it will upscale all of your 3D Graphics so games like crash team racing are going to look awesome all right and the last system we're going to test here with the iPad is going to be our arcade systems I save the best for last and here you want to choose your game and start it up and make sure that when you add your ROMs that you're using final burn Neo ROM sets if you try to use ROMs from a different ROM set like MIM or something like that chances are it's not going to work so make sure you use final burn Neo arcade ROMs and once you've got a game started you press the select button to insert a coin it feels like I'm rich every time I do this I can insert as many coins as I want I'm just throwing these quarters in here for free and this by far is one of my favorite ways to play Arcade games most of these will run in a 4x3 aspect ratio which means they're going to fill up the entire screen of an iPad Pro it looks amazing and so if you have an iPad with a 4x3 aspect ratio like this I think you owe it to yourself to at least install retroarch and final burneo and one of the great things about retroarch is that it's very easy to use local multiplayer all you have to do is set up a bunch of Bluetooth controllers and then once they're connected and you start up a game richar will know that and then put them each to a different player and so you can play with two three even four players depending on the game and what it supports now another type of arcade game I I really love are vertical Shooters and you can play this in a vertical mode as well to do this we'll go into the quick menu and then core options and then there's an option for vertical mode and if you turn this on and then go back into the game it's going to flip it over on its side so now you can rotate your screen and it's going to fill up the whole thing and it's amazing to be able to play these vertical games in a vertical orientation like this anyway I spent a lot of time talking about the iPad just because it's a really great way to demonstrate each of these games but everything that we've done so far in this video can ALS be done on an iPhone the exact same way the only main difference is you're going to have to hook up a controller either via Bluetooth or a telescopic one like this this controller is called the backbone one it's the PlayStation version it's white I think it looks really nice and essentially all you have to do is just wrap it around your controller it's going to plug in Via USBC or you can get an lightning version if you'd like as well however of note this one doesn't work well with most iPhone cases so you often will have to take your phone out of your case to use it and also this controller is a little bit expensive it's about $100 if you don't find it on sale and so it's quite expensive but it is pretty nice quality I've been using these for years now if you have an iPhone with a USBC connection another controller I recommend is this one it's called the gamster x2s this one has a little bit more of a blocky feel but it's really easy to get set up and yeah this one's a lot of fun too the great thing about this controller is that it feels sturdier compared to the backbone because it's basically just one big unit in addition it's a lot cheaper you can usually find it for about $40 or $50 so half the price of the backbone phone 1 either way if you are interested I will leave links to all the controllers that I tried out in this video in the video description so you can check them out and really that's about it for this startup guide for retroarch on iOS now I realized this is kind of a long video but it's always required with retroarch to make sure you get the best settings and like I mentioned I have full retroart guides on my website as well as on this channel and so if you want to dive deeper into this getting into things like core overrides stuff like that then I would recommend checking out those different guides but as it stands I'm superc excited that we have retroarch on here not only does it expand the amount of games that we can play but I love the amount of Freedom that we have when it comes to configuring each of these systems this allows us to add shaders and cheats and upscaling and even adjusting the video settings as well and I love the amount of tinkering we can do within retroarch so even though yes it's a bit of a beast to actually learn how to use I think it's well worth it anyway let me know if you have any questions down below it always takes me a bunch of time to put these guides together but there's always something that I miss here or there as always thank you for watching and be sure to like And subscribe if you found this helpful and we will see you next time happy gaming

  Top Comments:
  1. @Manny-C90: I downloaded ps2 roms and when trying to open it’s not listing a ps2 core any ideas?
  2. @noblesfilmz5300: Do Def jam fight for ny work on it???
  3. @chancethefapper4528: Amazing work on this, thank you!!
  4. @nunosantos4620: Retroarch is no Longer on App Store
  5. @ElMolder: Very simple,..jajaja
  6. @zvolen: Hoping to get a response -- looking for recommendations for travel mainly. Already taking an ipad with this with a BT controller or a dedicated handheld like the RG35xxH be a better bet?
  7. @andrevalencia7571: How do you have a PS2 one?
  8. @DeadFlowerBeds: I need help with the bios, I thought I downloaded it, not sure if I did. But I placed the folders in the system file but it still shows that it’s missing? Anyone know where I can find them? I tried scanning the document, but my game hasn’t been shown. Idk what I’m doing wrong I need help please
  9. @Texasfisher420: How do you have an option for ps2 on an iOS I have no option for this
  10. @armoredjoey: what happened to the dolphin emulator? it used to be available on retroarch... I thought your channel was where I got my guide to load my gamecube and ps2 games on my iphone a couple years ago...
  11. @Gamerr_Cr7: No Roms folder in retroarch folder??
  12. @s7121n9s: When I change to the ps3 menu look it won’t save. When I restart it’s still on the same original look
  13. @RachelFranzen-vt9zc: This video really helped me out. Thank you so much. Hubby recommended you as well! c:
  14. @Brungus87104: 31:23 is there any particular reason why he prefers the pcsx rearmed core over the beatle psx/beatle psx HW core?
  15. @vertextwin1177: Is the 3do emulator opera working?
  16. @franciscorafael1256: I’m trying so hard to keep up but I’m so confused 😭. Does RetroArch support PS2 games? I saw a name for PS2 and PS3
  17. @joeschmidhofer2674: Put games on google drive, copy and tried to paste into retroarch folder and getting an error "couldn't connect with a helper application". Any ideas on what to do?
  18. @The.Absent.Presence: this does not follow the new release so I had to stop.  way to frustrating.  Maybe you can do a new version with the new release.  ?  Love your channel!
  19. @danielvaz9662: Where is the best Place to find and download ps1 games for This ?
  20. @RealEaven321: Can you play 3ds games??

- How to automate safari browser in iOS simulator device using appium: Kind: captions Language: en That in today's time it seems without telling you how to launch safari app and new similar device by using ruby ne pm driver aur sulaab ilaj a list of the capabilities vishwas post upay first this platform no 16 platform name will be enough to connect with similar toe device platform version price version available at your mac book pro device name list device which you want to connect browser name you will fly safari only for automation name will back side test totaly add new commander amount a new comment come time who is the value like it it will keep you up and session active life time tomorrow morning running difficult unit to make show the x code that APN ruby ruby stone relative machine ko sunna hai kaun si bizya machine aa va ayush 30.50 35.05 version available and divide of a word can give the giver of service and in the service will commence write a comment for PM hai and isi university sports not available i need to terminate and tourist state yagya start my PM server AP Mishra comment start alien pronoun ATM service of earning 219 I will Randhir what my code will do it well how it will launch satellite phone to help from maximum retail device and plant safari browser over a great as n object to the PM driver class and with a time launching unmay URL also sleep from him my file with you message to government quota been a reminder to Ramdas just need to pass a command gold ruby and The Path Of The Amazing set shirshesha launch ster device me virajman sa device Navodaya test will not safari browser and it will redirect google.com vain Vipassana work code this is point phase Roy that dry get any issues happy to reach back to me thank you

- XCMetrics - The All-In-One Solution to Track Xcode Build Metrics - iOS Conf SG 2021: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] hello and welcome to this talk first of all we would like to thank the organizers of iscomp singapore for organizing organizing this conference in these difficult times we know how hard you must have been so we really appreciate your work thanks a lot today we would like to talk about aximetrics the only one solution to track xcode build metrics my name is patrick and i'm an engineer at spotify working in the foundation squad in stockholm my primary job is focusing on the developer experience for our is engineers and my name is eric i am also based at stockholm and i work with patrick first of all let me give you some context about spotify we currently have about four ios apps we have 130 monthly contributors to the ios applications in your repos and the main application which is probably the one you're familiar with is the music app it has about 1.6 million lines of code of swift and objective-c currently it is about 25 swift and it's always increasing so we previously mentioned that we work on developer experience so what is developer experience developer experience can be defined as the equivalent of user experience when a primary user of the product is a developer so our primary users of the tools that we develop in our team are the other ios engineers of spotify so we mentioned also that our job is to improve the developer experience so how do we measure that how can we make sure that our job is successful first of all we have to think about how we can measure that we can't improve what we can't measure so we need to find ways to measure the development experience and historically this has been pretty hard how you work and how you think you're working and how productive you are is very subjective most of the times so we are trying to find some data to make sure that we can measure that one way to do that is the feedback pyramid i really like this image by valera who is an engineer at slack which is shared in one of his talks the feedback pyramid allows us to find different ways to see how the development experience is doing at the bottom with the highest volume of data is telemetry which is just the collection of data which we're going to talk about in this talk it's a low effort way of collecting data but the detail and the bias is also very low surveys on the other hand are another way of collecting data we simply go to our users and send them a survey and see what it what their own answers look like so this takes a bit more effort because we have to prepare and send a survey but we can get a bit more details on the type of answers that they will give us listening is uh of course the lowest amount of data that could they could give us and it's also very high heifers so we would need to go to our developers and have one-to-one um like meetings with them and understand how their developer experience is going how productive they feel but of course this can also provide us a lot of uh details about uh the problems that they're facing which we will not be able to otherwise gather via telemetry maybe so a bit about the story back in 2017 we started researching adding swift support to the spotify app so patrick already said um it's a big app it has millions of lines of code it's been around since 2008 so every time we introduce a big change like that we are really really careful and we consider a lot of risks in this case our squad focuses on the developer experience so we wanted to be sure that by making this big change the developer experience was actually improved and not getting worse and basically we wanted to have the ability to help the adoption of swift in case things were wrong you know like imagine that we produce something that increases the build tense for a lot or that introduce a lot of build times error for some developers and so on so we wanted to avoid that situation and if you remember when patrick um talked about the developer feedback there are different ways of getting it so yeah of course we we do surveys and in this case because the change was really big and really risky you actually did as well some user research we invited developers to work with us in our squad area sitting just next to us to better test the changes that we were introducing and we collected feedback from them and we observed how they worked with which kind of roadblocks did they found and so on and so forth but as patrick mentioned that it's hard to scale at some point we realized that that kind of data is available but we needed more we needed this telemetry part we needed to collect object objective data about how the developer experience of our engineers was um because at some point we felt like we were taking decisions blindly okay yeah we cannot invite everyone to work with us at our squad area everyone is located in different offices that doesn't scale um we can do local tests yeah that's okay but we actually needed to have all the data we have we needed to collect more more things about it and then at the end we wanted to have some kind of way to do a b test at the infrastructure level so imagine that you introduce i don't know something like a new you pass a new flag to the swift compiler and you want to check that that actually work to improve the build times for instance and then decide based on the data what to do to roll that change to everyone and to roll back and when you work as an ios developer basically you maintain the set group and this code is great for local development in the sense that it gives you a lot of feedback about what's going on in your builds and when you run tests and for instance you have the console log and you get all the logs there you also have this report navigator window where you can see stuff like the build times i don't know if your if your export product has a build faces scripts you can see the outputs you can see the errors the detail of the errors the warnings everything so we started to think if it was feasible to collect to extract that data out of the ide and basically we found a way to do it we found that its code dumps everything all that data into a log in the derived data directory that log has the extension of etsy activity log and it's written in a format called slf so basically what we did was to create a swift project a swift command line tool that parses that love and transform that log into different kind of reports like json like html with some nice charts to get some insights we opened sourced that tool back in summer of 2019 and here is an example of how that works so imagine that you introduce a change locally and you want to check for instance to introduce this flag and for the compiler and you want to check that the build times decrease or something and you build with xcode and after that you can go to the command line tool and run hcl parser and the tool will found the latest log for that project and it will transform that into the report that you you pass as an argument in this case the json thing um and of course you can also pass the part of today it's the activity lock if you know it um and you can see here basically when i mentioned that that code dumps everything i mean everything you have a lot of data there you have dozens of thousands of lines and in some cases and you have built times you have warnings errors everything is there so we started to use that locally so basically the way we did it was to to run some local tests and then output the data with the syllog parser to get the data from xcode and it was good it worked but then how can we collect that how can we use actual parser in all of the developers machines of our engineers so the answer is to that is xc metrics today we are excited to open source xy metrics on github uh it's available today and we would like to explain to you what is it uh and what does what it can do for you so aximetrics is a way to keep your build times under control and monitor which targets are taking the longest to compile in order to improve the developer experience not just that but as eric mentioned xclock parser and the xe activity log format file format contain a lot more information so you can also collect warnings to improve your code health see which targets which warnings are coming from which targets and see even which errors are impacting developers so you can actually diagnose build problems in real time xmetrix collects a bunch of information by default from excel but it also collects a few more information that we think are really useful for debugging problems such as hardware information and xcode versions and optional tags in this way you can actually see which bills were produced on which processor for example or how much free ram was available at the end of the bill of end of the build on a particular machine also we support having custom plugins so your team can write infinite amount of plugins to collect any type of metadata that you would like to attach to every build such as for example git information or project generation statistics in this way you can try to build a full developer journey and understand why some builds are taking more time than others or why some developers are facing certain problems in their local repositories xemetrics is composed by two components there is a swift cli a command line tool that runs on developers machines and then there is a swift backend service which is written in vapor a swift backend service framework which runs on your backend service which will collect all the logs and now we're gonna take a look at a small chart to see how everything fits together so xcode will produce a xe activity log file in your derived data every time you build your project now this happens both on ci if you're using xcode build and both locally if you're using xcode to compile application you will then add a bus scheme action that invokes xc metrics this will be again executed both on ci and locally and the job of this postcard action is to fetch the xe activity log through xc metrics and save it somewhere safe so that even if you clean your derived data the previous bills will be stored by xc metrics locally so this make sure that all of the builds that your developers are doing will end up in your metrics collection so that you won't lose any bills after fetching the metadata we are the plugins as well that can be optionally provided the log and the metadata are uploaded by xc matrix automatically to the backend that you specify the backend is a backend instance of xc running in the cloud which receives the log and saves the log to gcs to make sure that the file is stored safely then aximetric metrics proceeds to enqueue a parsing task in redis as we said before the xc activity log can be a pretty big file so it could take a few seconds to parse it out so in this way we make sure that we can either asynchronously or synchronously parse the log and as soon as the task is ready to be executed in our backend service we can fetch the log file from gcs parse the data and insert the data into a postgres sql database for example and after this the possibilities are infinite you can have all the data in your database and you can start to build dashboards you can build queries you can build alerts in order to make sure that the developer experience is what you think it should be so now we're going to see how to integrate it really quickly the first step is as we showed before to run xc metrics in a post action scheme we're now going to use a small demo project which is the kickstarter open source ios app to add xc matrix we can edit the scheme at a post action at the run script action we can provide the build settings from breakup so that xc metrics can actually fetch some important build environment variables and then we can just execute xc matrix after building a project x-metrics will run and we can now see what where the data will be sent yep that's right so the second step is basically you need to deploy an instance of the edge matrix backend and what you can already mentioned that we are using swift in the back end to build the edge matrix packet and not only that but we are all actually using the same project for both the client and the server so basically they share the same in the same project so when you open x metrics in xcode like we are showing in this photo the the code is all there there is a group for the client there is a for the back and they even share some code you have two schemes if you look at them and basically that that was really useful because now you can use the same set of tools that you are used to use when you develop for ios but in this case for the backend and by that i mean that you are able to debug the back end using xcode you are able to use htc test for to write a test from the back end you can even profile with instruments that what the bucket is doing and the other cool thing about that is that we were able to parse the locks in the back end i already mentioned that the lock can be big in some cases especially for clean and we if you run a city lock parser locally in all developers machines that can consume a lot of resources in some cases and you don't want that you don't want to interfere with their experience of your developers while you are actually measuring the experience or trying to measure the experience of them um so with the weight by you stripping the backing it was really easy to do the parsing in the server because the silo parser is rooted in swift so basically we just added the chilo parser as a dependency just to the back end and that's it now all the heavy lifting of parsing is happening in the cloud and it can take a few seconds but it won't interfere with developers machines and the other cool thing that you can do here is to actually run the project so you can either run it in xcode that's okay if you want to do some local testing of it um but after that maybe you want to run it in in the cloud so we provide some docker image for that already and package for you and then you can deploy it to any cloud provider one and probably the easiest way to do this is to use a google cloud front if you don't know what google cloud run is a product from google that allows you to run any arbitrary docker image released in the google cloud so we put the run on google cloud button in our repo so if you go there and click basically what's going to happen is that we are going to configure an instance of google cloud rom for you ready to run the metrics and there are some carrots of course for instance you also need to create and a database because we store everything in a database but we provide a lot of documentation about how to do that so this is enough if you have um a small amount of bills but probably you work in a larger organization like us and you need a more robust way to do deployments probably your organization are already using something like your need is for the for the for that so we provide a lot of documentation and even kubernetes deployment configuration examples about how to do that because that's how we run it internally and once the the back end is up and running you can go and open the dashboard like in this case this is a small dashboard that we did for this demo and you can check all the information in this case there is already one build the build that we run at the beginning of the demo and you can see stuff like the duration you know it took two minutes it had a hundred and twenty something warnings you can click on the warnings if you want and the build was successful so that's good and that's it those are all the steps that you need to make to be able to run the g metrics in your infrastructure so now how can you use this so imagine this case let's see one example imagine that an engineer in your organization is trying to build the app and you already integrated the symmetrics and she ranks into a weird build issue like in this case so she's using s code so that's good for her because she's able to to see the error in in nets code but then he tries to get his feet so asks you and you are the infrastructure engineer about it it's something where is happening locally and you help me to troubleshoot this and because you are using the symmetrics this is actually pretty easy because now you can do something as easy as open the dashboard and see okay this is the the bill that someone reported as you can see the actual error the same information that the engineer was seeing in her expo but in the in the web dashboard and this is pretty cool and it's pretty useful but i think one of the most powerful features is that we are actually storing all this data as well in a database in the cloud so all these data that we mentioned that we have thousands of of lines that we extract out of its code plus all the other information that we collect with the geometrics like which sql version are the developers using which macos version are using um which cpu are they using is everything there so imagine that you want to know okay is really apple silicon faster than intel cpus well the information is there you can go there and do a query and found out by yourself and with that you can also extend that symmetrics and build some tools to visualize the data in the way that you want it so let's see an example at spotify we use backstage backstage is our developer portal that is also open source and we built this plugin for it so this plugin shows the built-ins percentiles history of the music app so you can see um all the the build times in the last three months in the last year the last 30 days and so on so imagine that someone introduced a change in the real settings for some some reason and that person wants to know okay what was the impact of this change or imagine that you switch to what's called 12 and you want to know if that impacted the developer experience or not then you can build a dashboard like this one and you can see everything visually very easily so how do we use the data so as we mentioned we gave a few examples of like use cases where these kind of data are useful um so we are able to get a lot more insights compared to before about the developer experience we can even set up alerts to make sure that the developer experience is what we expect it to be we can make sure that no more than you know 10 of the people are having errors every day otherwise probably something is wrong in our and we can set even different islets for ci and local builds we probably know that may uh fail less than what developers do since developers are doing a lot more incremental builds locally and in this way we can also track build times trends and predict them we can know what do we expect build teams to be when our project will contain 1 million lines of swift code because we can analyze how long the swift coding or project is taking compared to how long the objective c code part is taken in our project we can also spot build time and quality regressions for example in the past we found some swift functions that would take up to 10 seconds to type check in this way we can be alerted about these kind of like misbehaviors and fix them very quickly to prevent our customers to actually experience these these issues and as eric mentioned we can answer very interesting questions such as which artwork is the best to compile our we don't need to benchmark everything ourselves but you know we can get the data out in the wild and see in real life which which machines are the best to compile a project and we can then even see if there are regressions in new xcode versions for example some developers may decide to upgrade to a newer exit versions and they may experience some problems and then we can track down those problems to be an xcode bug instead of a bug in our we can also monitor which targets are the slowest to compile and go and talk to the actual team members to make sure they can address that and make the project faster to compile for everyone else and we can also collect all the application warnings or every other warning in general and assign them to the right team that owns that feature to the code health of the overall project improves and stays the way we expect it to be so here are some results of spotify we've been running xy metrics for a little bit over a year now and it has collected over 1 million and about 10 billion steps so steps can very granular it can be even down to a file compilation so we know which file failed to compile or how long that file failed to compile for the last year and more and this was applied to all the spotify ios applications so it sums up to over 11 terabytes of data so it's definitely a lot of data but it has allowed us to make informed decisions in regards to our project structure and architecture so even going forward we know that if we do one change we can rely on xc matrix to make sure that this change does um the improvements that we expect it to do and of course we didn't remove the person-to-person feedback we still get surveys um answers from our developers and we still do one-to-one meetings with them to understand how they're feeling and uh how the experience is like in their everyday day-to-day job uh but axiometrics has allowed us to deliver even more and effective products to our developers so we're really happy about it and our mission is always uh try our best to take data driven decisions and measure the impact of our changes so aximetrics definitely helped us in that mission so we are very happy today to open source xy metrics and we hope it will help also your organization to make sure that you will improve your developer experience as much as you can so feel free to head over to github.com spotify slash xc metrics to check out the documentation and all the examples that we have there and yes we're also looking forward to your contributions thank you very much you

- Xcode Build Settings Demystified (Resource) 2023 – iOS: Kind: captions Language: en in today's video I wanted to share a resource that'll shed some light about build settings in xcode before we jump into things drop a like down below and let's talk about some build settings so first and foremost if you have a project I've got the Rick and Morty app project open that we've been working on on this channel you can head on over to the top most file here it's kind of your project and then select any Target we just have one here and at the top we have a build settings tab when you open this up it's kind of scary frankly it's pretty scary there's a lot of stuff in here and I don't know about you guys but it's hard to know what all this stuff is now admittedly over the years you tend to learn what some of the things in here are you tend to break enough things where you kind of have to learn you tend to override stuff etc etc but it's hard to really know what all this stuff even does so enter today's resource that I wanted to share xcode buildsettings.com so it's kind of self-explanatory as to what it is I'm surprised I never came across this earlier perhaps it's new but but what they do here is awesome so they have every single build setting and they have a nice description as well as the type for it you might know that even like info p lists this is basically just a gigantic property list file under the hood that you can use xcode to specify uh particular values for you can also use XC config keys and values but in here you can come in here and take a look at like okay what is active build action right and on the left you have categories at the top right you also have a search so let's do an example I'm going to search for pre-compiled and you'll see here that it comes across seven results for some setting with the word pre-compiled in it so here we have pre-compile header uses files from build directory it gives you a nice blurb about what it is I believe this is lifted directly from Apple's documentation but I have not confirmed that but I have gone through several of these and they're spot on I have no idea who maintains this but kudos to whoever does and keeps updating it it's honestly really great um on the left here you also have categorical uh separation of these settings so on the left we have clang um Swift you got metal and opengl general at the top interface Builder assets resources core data miscellaneous so if I click into Swift here you'll see we'll pop down to uh Swift related settings and then it also opens up the sub kind of categories here so there's Swift build settings and then Swift standard Library tools so if we come into here and we'll get some information about it and then it also shows you the key here so here we have kind of the human readable name if you will on the left and right on the right of it and I guess this is like an orangish reddish color you have the actual uh flag or actual build setting so if you use an XC config file or if you open up build settings in a text editor so something like xcodes actual file preview or atom or something like that or vs code you'll see these Keys used so that is kind of all I got for you guys in a nutshell today a super useful tool I would totally bookmark this and it's actually just quite interesting to go through here if you have been doing iOS even for a while there are some settings that can drastically improve several aspects of your project be it build time be it organizing dependencies cocoapods Carthage with package manager search paths headers targeting deployment libraries Dynamic libraries Frameworks static Libs etc etc so thanks for watching I've been MIA for a little bit because of some family health things I've been taking care of but I'm hoping to continue the Rick and Morty app series actually a new video on that today drop a like down below before clicking away let me know in the comments what you guys want to see say hello in the comments for that YouTube algorithm appreciate y'all I'll see you in the next one [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @ho6y [7 likes]: 3:11,  would be really interesting if you could showcase some settings that improve build time
  2. @ribosome8085 [2 likes]: It's an awesome video. Thanks for the information! 

It's strange that Apple haven't made such resource for Xcode
  3. @philschn5990 [2 likes]: A whole Video about the topic would be great
  4. @iOSAcademy [1 likes]: Follow for more https://linkedin.com/in/afrazsiddiqui
  5. @marlhex6280 [1 likes]: link is not longer working
  6. @rdkutube [1 likes]: Looks like site is no longer online.  Video still great though.
  7. @awakeFromNib [1 likes]: Thanks for the information!
  8. @abdirahmanabdullahimohamed9794 [1 likes]: Thanks 🙏🏽
  9. @victorriurean [1 likes]: nice
  10. @Franklin_Byaruhanga [1 likes]: it maintained by mattt same guy of NSHipster
  11. @indomitabletr1834 [1 likes]: Hello :D
  12. @BlueOceanApps: This will stay in my bookmarks for years to come!
  13. @DaveJacobseniOS: Awesome resource! Thanks for sharing
  14. @dodilodi1278: Thanks for this video. I am even more happy if creating this was of my influence, because I was asking you in the comments maybe month ago to do some "Build Settings" content because none has ever before. :)
  15. @SimãoSeiça: Great share ! 🙏
Although it seems the project is no longer maintained. They link to the Apple one.

- Bitrise Build Cache: Xcode Setup & Configuration: Kind: captions Language: en Hello everyone, Lex here, a solution architect here with Bit Rice. Uh, and today we're going to go ahead and go over um a pretty standard and simple setup of how to get build cache set up uh specifically for Xcode um projects [clears throat] as well as how to validate that it has been set up correctly. Um, so I'm going to go ahead and walk you through uh specifically I have my workspace here and and I'm going to be looking at the Outrun project here. This is an iOS open- source application that I have here uh where I've actually already run a couple builds. Um, particularly I'm looking at the compilation or uh the building that happens um while I'm running the some of my test um and creating my my test bundle. So I have the Xcode test for iOS step running here. Uh and I have it running on the latest Xcode 26.2 stack um from bit and uh Xcode 26 happens to be a requirement here for the Xcode build cache. Um we also have uh Gradal and Basil, but this one in particular has that dependency on it. Uh this is running without any build cache. So, I'm going to go ahead and navigate you to how to set that up. Um, this can be done a couple different ways. However, we have the build cache tab as part of our platform here where you would be able to review your invocations and hit rates as well as other information that's available to you. Um, as you can see, I don't have anything set up just yet. So, when I go to set up a new connection, I go ahead and select that, you know, I am using as part of the platform the Bit Rice CI tool. Um, so the build tool that we're going to select is Xcode. And it does warn you that Xcode 26 is required. I'm going to go ahead and continue. And I'm going to go ahead and select my project. So in this case, it's the out runup. I'm going to continue. And here you're given a set of steps that we recommend that you go through or you actually would need to go through it to do the setup. So um, I would select the workflow and the in the editor. So I can go ahead and navigate to that project. But let's see what else is asking of us. So we're going to go ahead and add the activate build cache for Xcode step to the workflow before the step that you want to speed up. Um so anything really that you would want to go ahead and um uh do any sort of compilation given the Xcode commands Xcode build commands um you would want to go ahead and add that beforehand. Uh you want to select XO26 as your stack and you want to save your changes. So let's go ahead and navigate to that. That should have created a different tab. Let's take a look here. Let's go to the workflows. Okay, as I mentioned earlier, we do have um if I go for run test, we do have the Xcode 26 stack selected. Some of my other workflows are still on Xcode 16, so I would need to make sure to upgrade those. uh but this is where you would go ahead and make this change. So you have the stack and then this is my Xcode test for iOS step. It's already configured to run properly uh with the given settings. Uh so I'm going to go ahead and actually much simpler. Just going to look for Xcode cache. Okay, build cache for Xcode. Uh the parameter that we showcase on the prior step is actually the full name of the step if you wanted to configure this in YAML. But since we have the workflow editor, we're just going to go ahead and add it here. Um, as you can see, this is pretty plug-and-play. So, a lot of the default values are already filled in for you. Um, so I'm going to go ahead and save those changes. I once again already know that it's on Xcode 26, and I am going to navigate back to this page. So, I've gone ahead and completed these steps. I'm going to go ahead and select next. It does tell you that you um want to go ahead and warm up the cache. So you're going to run the workflow that you configured the the step with and then you're going to be able to check the cache history at that point and we make a recommendation that you build at least two to three times so that the cache gets populated correctly and then it can be reused in subsequent builds. Uh so I'm going to go ahead I actually have already ran some builds but not with the step. So I am going to navigate back again and I'm going to go ahead and run this All right, that's going to go ahead and warm up the cache. And when we go back to uh the other step, check cash history on the build cache. Um, we want to go ahead and finish this. But I'm going to go ahead and continue just so that we can validate how this has been set up. So now if I go to my dashboard, I'll have the build in progress. Gonna wait and see. Um, this is just doing my cocoa pots. Um, after it does this, it's going to go to the step that we're looking out for, the activate build cache for Xcode. Here we go. So you see that this is the correct ID. And in the logging itself, not only does the step succeed, but you get this uh piece of information in the log where it tells you that the build cache was activated. Um so that is a confirmation that you've gone ahead and at the step correctly. You do already have in my case I have a trial activated that is enable me enabling me for to make the selection. Um and and that is something that you can achieve here on the build cache. Um, and then what it's going to do is this very first build is going to go ahead and start hydrating or populating the cache archive so that on the subsequent builds you actually can take advantage of the speed benefits. But this is ideally how you go about setting this up and validating that the build cache is activated. Uh, once the first couple builds are starting to run, then you'll start be you'll start to be able to see and monitor the built cache results in this area. So you can see that I've already had a invocation count of one. Uh that is uh equivalent to the command that is leveraging the build cache or in this case just saving it. But there's no hit rate yet. And that's because there's no subsequent build just um uh as of yet to be able to actually pull from the cache. But once you run a couple more times, you'll start seeing the numbers populated there. That was it guys. That is how to set up and configure buildc for Xcode specifically and how to validate that. Um, you basically did all the steps correctly. As you can see, the UI walks you through it. You have to navigate to certain areas, but everything is linked for you to navigate and then get back to finalizing the configuration. Thank you everyone.

  Top Comments:
  1. @6957-c5k: How do I know the times saved by using the Xcode cache step?

- Xcode Vs Android Studio - Which Is Better?: Kind: captions Language: en Welcome to the banker lamp. Please enjoy the video. In this video, I will compare Xcode versus Android Studio. Let's dive into their core functionalities and see how they stack up. Xcode is Apple's powerful integrated development environment exclusively designed for building applications across all Apple platforms, including MacOSS, iOS, Watch OS, and TV OS. On the other hand, Android Studio is Google's official and highly recommended IDE specifically crafted for developing robust Android applications. Each tool is meticulously tailored to its unique ecosystem, providing developers with specialized features and an optimized workflow. When it comes to features, Xcode shines with its intuitive interface builder, allowing for visual user interface design and Swift playgrounds, which offer an interactive coding experience. Android Studio boasts a comprehensive layout editor, robust emulators for various devices, and seamless integration with Gradel for build automation. Both environments provide powerful debugging tools, enabling developers to efficiently identify and resolve issues alongside performance analysis features to optimize application speed and responsiveness. Regarding performance and system requirements, Xcode is exclusive to MacOSS, meaning you'll need an Apple computer to use it. Android Studio, however, offers greater flexibility as it's cross-platform, running smoothly on Windows, MacOSS, and Linux operating systems. Both idees can be quite resource inensive. Xcode often demands substantial system resources, especially when compiling large projects or running multiple simulators. Similarly, Android Studio can consume considerable memory and processing power, particularly when managing several emulators simultaneously. Finally, let's consider the community and ecosystem. Xcode is backed by Apple's extensive and well-maintained developer documentation alongside a large dedicated community of iOS and MacOSS developers. Android Studio benefits from Google's comprehensive documentation and an even more massive global developer community offering abundant resources and support. Both platforms provide access to vast libraries, robust frameworks, and numerous third party tools, ensuring developers have everything they need to build innovative and highquality applications for their respective audiences. Thanks for watching. If this was helpful, leave a like and consider subscribing. See you next time.

- Appium speed and parallel testing: volledig interview - Salves Test Forward: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] so here from Chicago we are with rainy and sigh both are big contributors to the appium community yesterday we had a appium advanced workshop with a sirenians I could you introduce yourselves myself cinemas on Sega API member maintainer Fabian's alkaline alkaline and work as a lead consultant for thought works my name is Sai Krishna and I work with dot works and Malik consultant as well I'm an active contributor to APM and I'm passionate about open source and sort of have one I give back to the community my learnings and yeah so the question that arise with a lot of testers is why is a pimp test test slower than what testing to start with the Dom interactions will be taken care mostly by passing and Dom interactions been taken care mostly by and it's a separate process and taken care mostly by browser specific drivers whereas we need to do the heavy lifting from APM side instead of Apple helping us Google helping us a lot so that's one of the reason and Dom the Dom parsing in xml then it needs to be converted to Jason and then again it tastes a bit into native libraries inside the device and then the execution after that so whereas in mobile it's going to be chrome driver directly and then tome driver establishes the communication and talks to the other browsers just to an add add another point is I would say that the app should be testable so when I say testable you need to have the right Dom exposed out so let me give you a quick example to sort of understand is let's say when you navigate from screen 1 to screen 5 so when you're on a screen fab you're only expected to show the dom elements of your fifth screen and and the elements on your specific screen like a user when you see your mobile app right so what happens is I've seen some applications where when you're on the fifth screen you typically have all the elements from screen one to screen five so when a PM tries to sort of find elements your Dom's not what you actually see on the screen with the dorms like complete components from screen one to screen five so we need to go back to the developers and sort of get this fixed as well and as Sweeney said if you see the the via the mobile world works is you have different layers in between so it's your client then your server and the server talks to another server which is inside a device and that device is got an android driven sir you know EPM server and when it comes to iOS is the WDS all right there are so many stuff which is happening in between and all of them communicate to each other through your network so if your network slow your tests are going to be slower so what would be the best way to do parallel testing with that with a PMP so the first point what we need to keep in mind is I've seen a lot of people in the community starting multiple APM servers for multiple drivers so when I say multiple drivers it's your multiple devices that's not the way how it works so APM has improved a lot from the server side now from the version 1.8 if I'm not wrong roughly so you can start one instance of the APM server and you can start multiple instances of your EPM driver sessions so which means multiple devices can talk to one server so one thing we need to keep in mind when you start running parallel tests is you need to consider certain desired capabilities like for example you need to specifically give your unique device identifier so that APM knows that okay I'm having multiple devices and I am I have multiple driver sessions now because I see multiple unique ID is given to me and similar way for Android we need to respect the system port because that's gonna be a unique number which where the UI Automator to server will be running and when it comes to your iOS you need to give a unique WD a port as well so if we consider these capabilities very carefully and give them some unique numbers on the ports definitely parallels gonna work really fine so I've been working on so me and Sweeney have been working on the parallel framework for last a year now and we've been in the river the folks who tested out the beta version of APM when parallel simulators were out for testing and we have we haven't seen any sort of issues where the driver crashes now the driver sort of doesn't know what to do when there are more than two devices or three devices it's just that you respect these capabilities and sort of have your driver thread very safe and things are gonna work just out of box very well yeah you have integrated so to add on alongside another reason why things Report APM is flaky after a certain period of time after executing quite a lot of tests my tests are in running is they aren't handling the boats properly they just lie around and hang around things the node process hanger-ons and you should after the session once the execution is over you need to clean the sessions properly out you need to handle the port numbers kill the port numbers kill the node process that are exact hanging around and it will make sure that they're following tests runs properly so you need to have the clean environment setup yeah that's the main thing advanced up you more shop that's something that you're familiar with what can you tell us about that it was wonderful experience having a flan Rover from India and London and we have been doing this for past two years now doing advanced JPM workshops across the globe and it's good to meet a lot of people and see how the community been growing up and see and educating the educating the community with a lot of cool stuffs what APM has been going through for a lot of years now and it was wonderful yesterday we covered a lot of advanced topics so including how do you measure Android battery performance or how do you excute is how do you handle quite a complex issues it's been a while there are a lot of complaints in the community about the gracious oh it's been handled and things like that and yeah yeah it has grown up a lot APM has grown up a lot is no more baby a couple of things which we really want to bring to the workshop and we sort of drive that one zpm workshop is let the community know the new things that APM is always getting into the beta versions to talk very specifically about what we did in this at once workshop and selenium Chicago is the point API is because selenium mood into w3c standards that's the obligatory specifications and APM also sort of moved towards the w3c specs and with with respecting the w3c specs a lot of api's change and we thought the community should know about it and how do we sort of understand the specs and sort of sort of try to write some good gestures into your application using the point api's and not with the old fashioned of your touch actions and things and yeah the the whole idea behind you know driving these advanced workshops is you know sort of help people understand the API is how you know I oh you know Android and iOS EPM architecture works so that they can take it back sort of contribute back to the community and grow the letter to go bigger you

- 80. Running Tests in parallel and generating Reports | Appium Mobile Automation: Kind: captions Language: en OK so we have clearly seen how to use this laziness now. So whenever when tests fail we are eating here. That's fine. But how do we know for which test to guess we are failing. OK. So that particular failed test is reaching this point. But we should also know for this test case we were actually writing this blog. If you want to know that that all the details of that test case when it got failed will get captured in this result object and if you want to print name of the test case which actually got failed then simply reserve guard and you will have something like get name. So get name of that particular test so in this way you can actually track that particular test case name which is failing so you can do that with the help of the direct object which you have. So I'll run my test again and you'll see now it failed but I fail. Execute carelessness boss boss good. And the test method name is Daniel yeah you'll see it here. Demo is that test which got failed so I can even bring that test case on that particular method name which getting failed okay. You can do that with the help of using result object and this is also one kind of interview. Caution you might be asked like when you catch listeners how do you know that test guest name you can simply answer that we can have a class or a test result. And this class actually describes the result of a test. With eight test of these are class and the listener that we are using implementing here is a test listener. And with that when you said these are dart you will have a lot of methods from that get name actually put into your test guest name. So when you are working in real court we will use this on test failure to capture the screenshot of selenium cabdriver call this all you if you are watching my selenium tutorial you will see that even selenium and APM so various interest API we will be dealing in some other way. We are we are not going to use this on test failure annotation in our last API automation. I have thought one more topic to the list which you will see when you are injecting a real code into your framework in coming sections. So that's our listeners now. Next topic. Let me go back to one document and running this parallel with destiny. So when you go back do you or someone fail. So when you trigger your test Fast Pass my own fault that is getting triggered thereafter. God alone is getting triggered in a sequence. Okay. But if you want to trigger all that this gives us badly at a time you can do even that. But that is not so this double in real time. If you have 100 best guesses will you want to add another hundred. This gives us together at an instant in a system that will definitely lead to a performance issue. Right. So when hundreds get us all in their browser if it is a verb that will literally get down the slaughters of your performance. So you can just hit everything in your browser your system performance will go down even with the rest api as well. So when you're trying to hit so with multiple endpoint and that could give that isn't fully little law OK get all of this can we actually take and get a well performance testing by the functional testing you should not mess up by running things badly but still there could be a scenario where you want protested badly with a click time. So if you if you have that scenario there is a future in test index and will fail quickly get all this test together. So for that that is one activity which you need to added here. So come here on some level. So if you want to run this test for sure and this test for led together you can simply put parallel equals two. Yes. So that means the run that's apparently next. So every time how many times do you want to run badly even dark information you need to provide if you feel that if you want to run to as badly time. There could be hundred. But at the same time you have to tell how many should they get at a time. So far that count is adequate. You have one example if you want to run through this together then you can pass thread count equals two to simple let's up out if you want to run our 10 test together then group that had gone to equals to Dan save it. That's all. So give this information on salt level and you can forget about a test and Jake some someone find and all the results whatever you saw in a sequence shell now will run finally. But that doesn't make much difference in your output visible more. So still you will get the same results but this time those sort of very quiet gun battle sequence children. So now this test ran actually badly. Now put it that gun equals 15 let's say you are portrayed from six so the real difference you will see when you're invoking real automation God and the best execution time might could be in difference in milliseconds when you run from cereal and balance. So right now we have no real core. So that's why it was very quick. But if you have a cord something like egg open that log in and do some transaction and fast log in will run. And then after that transaction will open and when you put bilingual s and thread count equals to two in one browser log in will open in similarly and the browser transaction will open. Everything will end badly. Even a mobile. Even in Mobile. But I feel that when you're working with apm and when you want to run as badly you have to have multiple emulators. So you need to work with multiple real devices should be connected to your system. So that's the reason for parallel. People generally prefer grid. They just don't build that parallel thing with destiny. Even I don't suggest this thing but for knowledge purposes I'm giving you that. So if any quickly if you want to check you can use this information but for mobile testing APM this statement will not make much sense because you need to have real devices right. If it is web browsers can open quickly three or four. But in Mobile you should have in multiple devices connected to your mission to actually trigger. So far API level that's fine. Again you can play it out. So that's how. And one more thing. So now you are running parallel to this so this test and this just will execute badly and once you go inside test if you want to run this glass is also badly then you can use finally book glasses. You can desperate this Palin equals two glasses and give the Red Gum same thing thread count two even glasses will Palin because here you cannot put this was in sight as followed the rule with glasses. That's all you are saying. Bottle Ecuador glasses. Whereas in suit level you have. That's fine you I think by equal to this. So right now I'm not going through that OK so that's pretty much about running the test apparently and yeah. So right now you might not see much difference because we are just finding the statements. If you have real quarterbacking working with you just laid out by putting this lines and see how things are running badly okay. So let me go back to my word document. We have seen those changes include exclude annotation groups dead ever wider annotation helper bad immigration banning this parallel and also testing digital business. So we have covered each and every topic which required to develop a robust framework with the help of est stingy. Now if you are interested to see the results after you run your test cases. So a refresher project and that is at best output folder here. Once you leave the project you will get it open the test output for it and did is an index start. His team will find here likely properties dig the entire part of that his team will go back to your browser and paste that you are and you will see the results for all your test case execution results look a little bit dull. But I have explained you good reporting in coming lectures. So this is how destined to report looks like so two test cases personal loan and God loan and you'll see that in Metcalf's main guard passed and one guard failed and this is failed at that demo. And if you want to see the output why demo guard fee you can click here and you can see clearly that expected true but found false the a thing and passed methods if you want to see click on Show and you will see all these passed methods OK and you'll see that four day three this application ran with three different set of users first set second set start sent that information on so you have it here. So generally when you want to send the reports to claimed you could send this stamp results you had to take a screenshot of this. This will actually say how many bars and how many Fed and you how to send this details clearly like pass fail. This one DAB is enough. You can take a screenshot of it and you can send through me like What is your framework the isn't execution So if you are looking like some high fade reports like bytes are sent out. I have thought that as well in my coming lectures with the help of extend to reports you will see that but these are like destiny reports and you have to keep it simple. You can start with these reports. This also makes little sense right modulator. It makes complete because you have it is also you have a number of test cases number of this past fail and hopefully a good index with a failed tick and the log information also you have so you will get that. Once you run the test and the test output folder you will see it in index start his team. All right. So that's pretty much about testing. Gee I hope you had a very clear understanding on this. Dustin G component which is like main component in building your robust automation framework. In the next section let's again freshly come up with a new project and go with the one more component in our framework. So what are your learned from this. You can download entire Gore from my next lecture. So again from next section you won't see this score. We will again start with a fresh component. I don't want to mix everything together. All this mixing integration and connecting the dots. We will do it at the end when we are injecting the real code. So that's on for testing G. And see you in the next section with one more component. Thank you guys. Bye.

- Concurrency Vs Parallelism!: Kind: captions Language: en-US Today, we're exploring an important topic in&nbsp; system design: Concurrency vs. Parallelism. Understanding the difference between&nbsp; these concepts is essential for&nbsp;&nbsp; building efficient and responsive applications. Let's start with concurrency. Imagine a program that handles multiple tasks,&nbsp;&nbsp; like processing user inputs, reading&nbsp; files, and making network requests. Concurrency allows your program to juggle these&nbsp; tasks efficiently, even on a single CPU core. Here’s how it works: The CPU&nbsp; rapidly switches between tasks,&nbsp;&nbsp; working on each one for a short amount&nbsp; of time before moving to the next. This process, known as context switching, creates&nbsp;&nbsp; the illusion that tasks are progressing&nbsp; simultaneously, though they are not. Think of it like a chef&nbsp; working on multiple dishes. They prepare one dish for a bit, then&nbsp; switch to another, and keep alternating. While the dishes aren't finished&nbsp; simultaneously, progress is made on all of them. However, context switching comes with overhead. The CPU must save and restore the&nbsp; state of each task, which takes time. Excessive context-switching can hurt performance. Now, let's talk about parallelism. This is where multiple tasks&nbsp; are executed simultaneously,&nbsp;&nbsp; using multiple CPU cores. Each core handles a&nbsp; different task independently at the same time. Imagine a kitchen with two chefs.&nbsp; One chops vegetables while the&nbsp;&nbsp; other cooks meat. Both tasks happen in&nbsp; parallel, and the meal is ready faster. In system design, concurrency is great for&nbsp; tasks that involve waiting, like I/O operations. It allows other tasks to progress during&nbsp; the wait, improving overall efficiency. For example, a web server can handle multiple&nbsp; requests concurrently, even on a single core. In contrast, parallelism excels&nbsp;&nbsp; at heavy computations like data&nbsp; analysis or rendering graphics. These tasks can be divided into&nbsp; smaller, independent subtasks and&nbsp;&nbsp; executed simultaneously on different cores,&nbsp; significantly speeding up the process. Let's look at some practical examples. Web applications use concurrency to&nbsp; handle user inputs, database queries,&nbsp;&nbsp; and background tasks smoothly,&nbsp; providing a responsive user experience. Machine learning leverages&nbsp; parallelism for training large models. By distributing the training&nbsp; across multiple cores or machines,&nbsp;&nbsp; you can significantly reduce computation time. Video rendering benefits from&nbsp; parallelism by processing multiple&nbsp;&nbsp; frames simultaneously across different&nbsp; cores, speeding up the rendering process. Scientific simulations utilize&nbsp; parallelism to model complex&nbsp;&nbsp; phenomena, like weather patterns or molecular&nbsp; interactions, across multiple processors. Big data processing frameworks,&nbsp; such as Hadoop and Spark,&nbsp;&nbsp; leverage parallelism to process large&nbsp; datasets quickly and efficiently. It's important to note that while&nbsp; concurrency and parallelism are&nbsp;&nbsp; different concepts, they are closely related. Concurrency is about managing multiple tasks at&nbsp;&nbsp; once, while parallelism is about&nbsp; executing multiple tasks at once. Concurrency can enable parallelism&nbsp;&nbsp; by structuring programs to allow&nbsp; for efficient parallel execution. Using concurrency, we can break down a&nbsp; program into smaller, independent tasks,&nbsp;&nbsp; making it easier to take advantage of parallelism. These concurrent tasks can be distributed across&nbsp; multiple CPU cores and executed simultaneously. So, while concurrency doesn't&nbsp; automatically lead to parallelism,&nbsp;&nbsp; it provides a foundation that makes&nbsp; parallelism easier to achieve. Programming languages with strong&nbsp; concurrency primitives simplify&nbsp;&nbsp; writing concurrent programs that&nbsp; can be efficiently parallelized. Concurrency is about efficiently managing&nbsp; multiple tasks to keep your program responsive,&nbsp;&nbsp; especially with I/O-bound operations. Parallelism&nbsp;&nbsp; focuses on boosting performance by handling&nbsp; computation-heavy tasks simultaneously. By understanding the differences and&nbsp; interplay between concurrency and&nbsp;&nbsp; parallelism and leveraging the power&nbsp; of concurrency to enable parallelism,&nbsp;&nbsp; we can design more efficient systems and&nbsp; create better-performing applications. If you like our videos, you might like&nbsp; our system design newsletter as well. It cover topics and trends&nbsp; in large scale system design. Trusted by 500,000 readers. Subscribe at blog.bytebytego.com.

  Top Comments:
  1. @brianfrancis5548 [13 likes]: Well done.  Especially like the one chef versus multiple chefs analogy.  I think that forms a strong mental image that anyone that has ever prepared a non-trivial meal can relate to.
  2. @steeb5884 [6 likes]: Putting Python next to Go as an example of programming languages with "strong concurrency primitives" is wild.
  3. @AntuNeelesh [2 likes]: "Concurrency" is the corporate manager who is dealing with multiple projects at once whereas "Parallelism" is his / her subordinates who is doing his / her allocated project work individually.
  4. @sciencedaemon [2 likes]: In a nutshell: concurrency is in software, parallelism in hardware.
  5. @judevector [1 likes]: Seriously if you dont watch this video ,you night not understand this from just reading it in text. Glad i havd to go and search it in youtube
  6. @b2gaming390: I got the concept clearly just by seeing the thumbnail. Amazing thumbnail
  7. @uCodes880: Thanks forr this video.

This really helped me, I'm building a Scratch clone and kept thinking of how I would implement running all the sprites scripts at once an how to implement wait and animated movements.

This helped me achieve it
  8. @vrajinuniversity11-t: https://youtu.be/LPET_HhN0VM?si=4_TxRmdoxVb1dyDs
  9. @Sam-mi2fh: Is this bullshit? Probably just half true.. The thing is: Unless you write your own OS there is no such thing as 'parallelism'. Each and every program never runs alone on one cpu core. E.g. with cpu isolation on linux there are still a number of OS processes running along the program, which in itself most likely (should!) also uses multiple threads. So: parallelism the way you explained it is utopia. In reality parallelism and concurrency are the same.
  10. @alex_zetsu: I can't believe you didn't mention that most processes don't even use the CPU all the time. Plenty of time is spent waiting for user input or waiting for something to be written to a disk. This is pretty important for concurrency. When process A is doing nothing but waiting for user input, the scheduler can switch to process B and get back to process A after the user does some input. And you missed a perfect chance with your chef analogy. It doesn't make sense for the chef to wait for a meal to finish in the oven when he can start making another meal.
  11. @vickyg1877: Concurrency uses one core for different request and parallalism using multiple core for each request
  12. @soumyadeepdatta2899: What's the difference between concurrency and asynchronous?
  13. @smd-amjad: Gemini Brought me here
  14. @nickapuzzo4958: Very well worded. Nice job!
  15. @avinashsuresh5221: Concurrency is interleaved execution of multiple tasks by the same processor, parallelism is simultaneous execution of multiple tasks by multiple processors
  16. @prasad.kenkre: Concurrency :  Two or more  threads performs multiple tasks in a single core CPU using context switching / time slicing. Though this process looks concurrent being fast inside CPU, but in practicality its not. Parallelism : Performing multiple  tasks at the same time by multiple threads on multi-core CPU.
  17. @meichaowebdev: Concurrency is like a female animal which has only 2 nipples but has to manage to feed 8 cubs quickly so no cub waits for too long to get a suck while parallelism means a female animal ideally has 8 nipples for the 8 cubs. Of course, in most cases, cubs will outnumber nipples but parallelism is still faster because there are a relatively large number of nipples for doing concurrency in a parallel way.
  18. @ytg6663: Adithya kachuva 🐢
  19. @kele2much: Thanks
  20. @SurajKunwar-z1y: My only questioin is sequential vs concurrent
is this kind of same? ie there is two process or function 1 takes 2 sec and another takes 30 sec, so in sequential its wait from first to complete and later on runs, which will take 32 sec all total to execute.

what about concurrent? shouldn't it take the same time, if not (if faster) how it is faster ? please tell me

- Double your mobile testing speed with SIFT: Kind: captions Language: en I would like to welcome everyone uh to joining us for a webinar uh which we call the double your testing speed uh everything we're going to talk about today is parallel testing test shorting and how to scale your test Automation in ECI for Native Solutions such as xq8 test and espresso today we're going to focus specifically on the uh iOS stack and talk about XC desktopqa test and how to run them in parallel I would like to introduce our speaker today Julia Julia is a software developer generator test working with ingenious for a while um she specifically works on a shift open source framework which we're gonna dive in during the day discussion and myself Igor I am the founder of ingenious and currently a CEO that runs the company um and today we're going to cover interesting things uh what we call pain points right or agenda um why we actually do parallel testing what's the purpose for that and the most important aspect that a lot of people get confused parallel testing versus test charting um export native solution versus sift because xcode does have a parallel execution built in into it and we're going to talk about the open source framework shift why we recommends it I mean we're going to go through the benefits of the open source framework we're presented today um how to configure it from scratch and detailed instructions step by step and obviously the benefits of save um I'd like to remind everybody that we do have q a session at the end so please make sure to uh uh they're in the zoom there's q a section write your questions in advance during presentation if there's some question pop up in your head please right there right at the end we're gonna go uh one by one and try to answer them uh as much as we can so please do not hesitate to write your questions um and let's get started again uh quick uh reminder who we are ingenious is the consulting company um mostly we are focusing on team extensions and manage delivery we are mobile first company we're focusing on Mobile Solutions and test automation is one of our main focuses that's what we're good at um we actually have a successful track record in the companies as grammarly and apple as far as the Samsung uh yes you will be asked why you actually have you know helping Apple because Apple actually building X UI it has an exit test and you know xcode and everything but it didn't do not have you know enough people with the expertise to build Enterprise level test optimization right test automation Solutions that's why we help them to do that and I think that's what we are we uh have a ample of knowledge and how to bring test automation to the next level that's amazing and that's why we're all here right because obviously if you write the one test and then realize that you know it works fine uh in your xcode environment or your Android Studio then you write another five then you have to run it somewhere and then you run a niche you want to have hundreds of them right so the problem the common industry problem this is nothing to do with the ingenious or you specifically this is something that very common in each in every company uh speed reliability is number one issue of any test in CI another we're talking not only about the functional test unit tests also run the same bucket um so again running tests actually a test and CI in car encounters uh issue of stability because the flaking is the number one problem how to get tests you know run like it was 99 stability at least and speed right let's say that your CI system uh runs on average for the mobile applications about from anywhere from 15 to 30 minutes and if you have more than 500 tests written in xia test framework uh it's probably going to take you like seven hours right so how are you gonna solve this so I'm gonna pass my word uh to Julia she's gonna take over this presentation again reminder do not hesitate to ask questions in Q a section in Zoom will go one way one answer at the end Julia it's all yours okay so first of all I'm happy to see you guys today and I have to mention that you don't have to write anything down because this webinar is going to be recorded and sent on your emails so you can just relax and enjoy the topic which is important in our industry it's about broad testing and as it was said and yeah we have this common industry Challenge and we know this from our experience and um if you have 50 tests run it's okay for you to run them after every Court commit and you can run them really fast and as often as possible as often as needed after every change in the code but let's imagine if you have 500 tests is it possible now for you to run them after every code to commit as a part of CI of course it's not because we can see from the numbers of hours that we will take us to run for example if to use sequential around 50 tests will run about six hours and now it's time to think about trying to test in Pearl on different charts because throughout the trend will take us only 30 minutes to run about um 500 deaths so here we can see a big difference and that's why today we speak on this topic so apparel testing gives other possibility first of all to increase test coverage and decrease time of running tests and as a result it's in short quotes of our product which is what we all strive for um and a few words about protesting and sharding so sometimes we can be really confused by these two definitions and uh parallel testing it's about run and test on different devices uh with different configurations on different browsers and it's more about compatibility testing and uh Sharden tests running tests on different charts it means to really decrease time for running tests and it is what we want today to discuss and what we want to get uh so we were at the point when the need for running testing Pearl emerged and we started thinking about the tools that we have on the market we did market research and we found out that we have only one native Tool uh which was exported that time and of course it was great news because it's really uh cool for iOS developers to use just export foreign test in Peril uh but uh what was our disappointment when we found out a big limitations of exporters at all for random testing Pro and we can check how it works from our short demo so you know that from xcode 10 we have them uh possibility to run tests in Pearl just using this option executing Pearl and uh then we start the test plan and it does all this job so for Ryan and test we have calls in xcode and you can see right now that uh phone number two and three are working and phone number one doesn't work and um a big spoiler it's going to start during the whole session so it's of course not the best scenario as it happens a bit randomly and at the end of this session we don't have any um mechanism to reboot our simulators some of their deaths and attendance all and then uh of course we can go through the file with the results of this run and we have them but we have them only on this map instance and from this map instance so first of all we are limited uh by only one math instance uh also we can use common simulators uh no possibilities to run this test on devices and we are limited by number of simulators um as um we we can run them on only about five simulators and for some machines it could be even less and from this demo you can see that it's kind of flaking uh so um thinking about all these limitations uh the ingenious developers started thinking about um building our own tool which will really change the hesitation with Iranian tests uh in parallel and to really decrease time on running tests uh so now shift is what we have for this uh it's open source tool so it's free to use you can get it just from our GitHub repository and use it for projects uh you can run on premise and on cloud which makes this tool really flexible uh you can run it on several Mac instances which is the main difference and the main advantage of this tool so you can really scale up the process of running just adding one or more mac instance and you can add as many as you need as you want for projects uh here we can use not only simulators but devices too and for some features that can be essential so we don't have any limits with sift and now this tool is something which is really time saving and you can really decrease and scale down the time for running tests and also it's easy to use so it's like a Swiss army knife for a software tester today and um I want to give you a instruction how to set up sift because sometimes it could be a real difficult when you start using a YouTube but uh if to speak about shift it should be truly easy as we can discuss it just in the scope of today's webinar so you can do it just in six steps so the first you go to our GitHub repository on the project and install it on your machine um then from Step number two and three you just need to run two commands from the terminal and uh first stage make the stage and then when you are ready with this comment you run Swift build serious which builds this tool and uh sift is ready to be used and the next part that you have to do is just to create config.json file where you're going to make all the configurations so for this for this you go to the folder build uh which can be hidden so you have to make sure to make it unhidden and then from this folder you go to this folder and uh create here config.json file uh where you have to write all the configurations for your Mac instances for your machines for your devices and simulators and then you just have to run the command sift run config config.json and this is what starts the whole process uh tests start running and after that you get results of this test and uh that's all about setting up process um so here you can see an example of um config.json file uh you can you can find the same example on our GitHub repository in the readme file and you can just copy this and change them values for this keys for your room so you can customize it for your project and now we have a short demo how to use shift so here you can see that we have terminal opened and in the terminal We Run The Common sift run config config.json and as I said it starts the whole process it creates the build and exit test run file and folders for simulators in workspace a folder and then we can see that our two simulators start running tests at the same time in parallel and after a few time you are starting getting results in the terminal of this test but more of over you have the results in the final folder and um at the end of running shift we have the reboot system for our simulators which is really convenient for CI system and after at the end of all this you go to the XC result file and find all the results from all neural machines from all devices and simulators but what is more important we have also the format of XML file which is 4G unit and also we have the formats with the results in THC and Json formats some real inconvenience and now again I have to mention some benefits of seed then uh abilities of base of two and I have to say that shifts can be used not only for testers but uh for developers as well because we can run UI tests and unit tests with these two six supports not only devices box simulators and for some features it could be really essential to run its own real device passive trance on NACI and sends results on any report system you use and it accumulates all the results on your main machine from all the machines that you used to for sharing your tests and as I said you have a formats of adjacent it's still small and see result files shift can run locally or on any cloud system and it makes these two really flexible and we have the rerun capability for our flaky tests and you can customize it in your config.json file so you can give it any number you want any number that you want to run your tests uh Swift is scalable by means of multiple map instances so you can add as many meds as as many machines as you need for a project and a real skill of the process of testing and the stability of shift is really high if to compare with industry average for which we have 85 percent but for Swift We have on average 98 which is really um kind of close to 100 um it's open source tool you can get it for free just uh following this link that you can see here and um I have to say that we have a big gift for uh mobile testers because we have not only four iOS platform but we have the same tool for Android platform and it's written in Portland and you can get it by following the second thing from this um slide and uh when you start running a shift and maybe you will have some um some questions about this some issues so please guys don't hesitate to contact us and we'll be happy to help you with any information with any issues so you're welcome and uh I have to mention that yes ingenious is focused on uh test Automation and we have a great um a great course uh it's for iOS test Automation and if you are interested in this topic you can just follow the link and get the course on your gaming that you have and uh thanks for your attention um if you have any questions you can ask me right now or you can also join us on Facebook and YouTube and you will find a lot of great information about uh testing test Automation and other things thank you so much uh for a great presentation Julia uh it's time for Q a session um I see there are people uh Anton Askew okay I just want to thank you not anybody else have any questions so let's wait for maybe 30 seconds if anybody pop anything um just wanna while you are thinking about questions I just want to summarize everything though what Julia said ingenious team has started the uh saved as an open source solution for the reason of as I mentioned pain points yes the the right different uh Solutions out there that advertise they can paralyze the testing for X-ray test and espresso however either either those open source Solutions are not supported for the past few years or they are not scaling or they're not reliable remember in order for CI tests to qualify uh you know in the Enterprise level they have to meet two requirements reliability and speed and in order to achieve that you need to have craft a solution that a is native right so it could be supported by the community and Swift is native it's written in Swift uh programming language and it actually uh everything that they used in Swift is a hundred percent pertaining to the xcode development so it's nothing that is like python or Java it's 100 uh Native uh in terms of the engineering stack so anybody from uh IES Community can support that number one number two um we build something that scales right uh on any level cloud local premises doesn't matter anything right and then and most importantly is the transparency right reporting system so we actually have a rerun and aggregated reports that help us to scale an Enterprise level so uh please try it out this video can Source you as the tutorial plus we have a tutorial on a GitHub page uh I will literally encourage everybody to try it out if you have actually a test in your company and you would like to scale again just to summarize and know to get what Julian mentioned this is not only one stack of support see if this only supporting also supporting Android as well right so we have similar solution for Android and there is a see-through repository for Android available we're going to share all the links in the follow-up email including this presentation so you you folks can take a look at this so again oh by the way we just got the questions let's let's read them uh if I'm absolutely new to the mobile automation testing what roadmap would you suggest me to get comfortable with the sieve and actually I test both in such way that I can call myself a real mobile test automation expert very good question obviously uh you would like to start with the basics and Basics I recommend to start with the fundamentals of IES development take any udemy course they're like 14 20 it's a very small investment on IES development you don't have to complete the entire course but at least half of it to understand what is actually export environment how to write application in uh Swift so yes I would start with IES development and slowly Transit into the slowly Transit into the xua test right because without understanding how the uh how to build iPhone application fundamentally and you wouldn't understand how to test it again fundamental knowledge you do not have to spend six months to learn is development I think like one month school will be more than enough and you'll feel more than comfortable to work in an export environment then you can take FCA test course that we actually offer one on udemy it's also like you know a very reasonable price um you can do that and learn that and after that absolutely once you start building the test automation framework with your company you can start leveraging sieve sift is something that only needed when you have hundreds of tests right if you are running like somewhat like around 50 you know 30 to 50 tasks you need that once you start scaling on Enterprise level you will 100 need that so that's a nutshell than that the the road map that I recommend if you choose the uh is that if you choose Android stack it's a similar way you pick up Android development course learn about espresso and then go with this shift design when you you need it right okay um it was mentioned about the Mac instances uh is it dedicated only for Max absolutely um uh as you probably understand that native IES is not running anywhere else you cannot run on Linux you cannot run it on Windows if you are iPhone developer right not necessarily iPhone even Mac or a sex developer for Max right or for Apple watch any Apple product development is happening on export and xcode only runs on the Mac so in order to execute your tasks you need only Mac instances and you will learn this one way or another this is unfortunate truth Mac instances are expensive absolutely they have no choice I mean you're dealing with number one monetizing applications in the world so you have to deal with the Mac environment okay a question are you planning to do any IES courses for udemy or in a group future yes we actually do have of course on udemy and uh we will send the email follow-up email with our presentation with the link to the repository on save as well as our actual address course on udemy is a very comprehensive course it covers all beginners topics and very Advanced topics such as like Network stabbing um and like I said pricing wise I think Atlanta will offer even the discounts very very reasonable price I'm not I don't remember exactly but it's somewhere like you know you know a couple dollars like literally like all udemy courses below 100 for sure so it's very reasonable I guess I don't see any more answers I would like to thank you everybody to oh here we go here it is we have a link uh again uh you don't have to worry about anything everything will talk about you receiving the follow-up email um and uh thank you all for attending today's webinar and

- ✔ Parallel Testing Using TestProject: Kind: captions Language: en in this session let's talk about parallel testing using test project parallel testing is a way to execute one or more test scripts at the same time with different parameters the test scripts can be executed on more than one browser it can also be executed on more than one mobile device the device can be an android emulator or ios simulator there are multiple reasons for executing parallel testing but two reasons include increase our test coverage and run our test strips much faster my plan is to discuss the benefits of parallel testing then demo how to create a test strip with parameters and execute the test scripts using test project after execution i will compare the serial and parallel test results serial testing is also known as sequential testing that process is different from parallel testing because it does not execute our test strips at the same time it waits to execute the next test script that leads to the benefits of parallel one of the benefits is speed speed is a benefit because it reduces the overall execution time we execute many test scripts at the same time so they complete at a faster rate with that fast rate our team receives fast feedback the feedback helps us to quickly pinpoint possible errors also the test coverage is increased because we can execute many scenarios on a heavy number of platform browser devices in a timely manner now let's demo how to create a test script if you want more information you can check out my blog post article on test project in the platform we create a test script by going to our then click new test we have the option of creating a mobile or web test let's go with web then click next name will be parallel test execution description and tags are not required then next the web application is test project example page record and start recording the scenario a combined data-driven testing and cross-browser testing data-driven will enter more than one full name while cross-browser testing will execute on chrome firefox and edge full name is jodo and the password is one two three four five then click the login button for our test we can add a validation step but i will bypass a validation step let me go ahead and delete step three to scroll the window and i'm going to add some parameters the purpose of a parameter is to operate like a placeholder for a value we click the parameters tab then click create new parameter name is full name description is not required but i'm going to still enter full name then by default i'm going to enter a value as joe doe now at this point we can add the parameter for step three for joe doe by clicking jodo scroll down to inputs and erase jodo and click use parameter select full name then save the step we see the step has a parameter because it shows full name and not a hard-coded value run and let's see if the test pass yes we see all of the steps pass because it has a green bar for the test we download a template by going to these three dots then select csv parameters template we perform data driven testing by adding some parameters for full name let me erase application url from column a how about jodo jane doe and john doe say the new file and override the previous file we just downloaded last step is to add the data file to our test go to data sources select new data source name is parameters then upload the file and create now our parameters are set go back to test and the jobs let's execute by adding the test to a job i'm going to expand this and we're going to select new job then web and of course click next name is parallel execution demo at this point we select the browser which will perform cross-browser testing because we are going to select more than one browser chrome edge and firefox here is what we execute as a serial test or parallel test by default it shows serial and restart the browser before each test is not checked information shows tests will be executed one by one on each defined browser when i check the box it updates to add the browser will be restarted before each test parallel has two options plus a check box uncheck the box the two options are run browsers in parallel and run both browsers and test in parallel now i'm going to go ahead and click create to start with parallel and we're going to drag the test to the job if i hover the first icon it says data source is not attached click the icon and select the data source for name parameters and update next step is to play and job execution has started go to monitor and we're gonna see how the monitor shows three jobs or three browsers running at the same time it's initializing right now all three browsers show up chrome edge and firefox now they're completed that was parallel execution now let's execute serial go back to project and we see yeah we see it shows parallel execution select the icon next the browsers will remain the same so next and select serial then save this time we're going to see what happens the icon shows serial execution i'm going to play the job let's look at the monitor this time we do not see all three browsers at the same time they will appear one at a time because serial testing does not run at the same time chrome edge and the good part it shows the percentage of completion for serial testing and cross browse completed both jobs are complete so let's compare the test results go to reports we see our job parallel the first execution for parallel shows a duration of 43 seconds second duration for serial shows one minute and four seconds that's almost double the execution time imagine the duration time with the real life scenario that has more test scripts this comparison shows the power of parallel testing using test thanks for watching and i will see you in the next session

  Top Comments:
  1. @nirbhaykumarupadhyay1088 [1 likes]: Hey Rex , I think by mistake you have put your favourite daytime song's link into TestProject Playlist link  :)

- The Downsides of Self-Hosting Your Applications at Home: Kind: captions Language: en hey guys how's it going I hope everybody's doing well out there today in this video again we're going to take a step back and talk about why you might not want to get into self hosting now look I know that self-hosting has a lot of advantages but it's important to weigh the pros and cons before making a decision and in this video we'll be discussing some of the potential downsides of self-hosting now just so you know this is only one half of a pair of videos in which we cover the pros and cons of self-hosting and the other video will be linked in the video description also these are both going to be kind of like talking head Style videos so feel free to minimize this screen and keep doing whatever else it is you're doing while I give my thoughts on the pros and cons of self-hosting also do me a favor and don't forget to like And subscribe if you enjoy this video so one of the biggest downsides to self-hosting can be the initial cost you may need to purchase Hardware if you don't already have it available to you which can be expensive of course there are options to get inexpensive secondhand Hardware but that in itself self can have its own set of kind of underlying issues depending on where you got that Hardware you don't know what it's been through and how hard it's been worked so there may be some performance issues related to say to graded Hardware due to excessive use and that sort of thing so that's definitely something to keep in mind when you're talking about buying secondhand Hardware now of course you'll also need to pay for electricity and internet access and while I'm sure that you probably have both of these already those costs could go up by adding a home lab into the mix and if you need to upgrade your Hardware in the future that of course will bring another expense to keep things going now another concern is reliability now we talked about the potential reliability issues very briefly about buying secondhand Hardware but there's also the reliability of your internet and your power so if one of those goes out or both of those happens to go out your applications may be unavailable depending on uh how you're accessing them if you're accessing from inside your network and your internet's down you should be fine if you're trying to access them from outside your internet or outside your your network and the internet goes down not going to happen and of course if your power's out that's a no-o anyway now going back to the hardware reliability part of things if your Hardware fails you'll probably need to replace it before you can get your applications back up and running which kind of goes back to our previous point of cost now I've had all of these things happen and getting things back up and running myself or waiting for the power to come back on or the internet to come back on was definitely more stress than I happened to want in that particular moment also if one of your Services crashes and you don't have a good backup strategy in place then you're kind of boned uh all your data is just gone forever so it's super super important to have a good backup strategy in place and that depending on your setup can go anywhere from being very very simple to very very complex and again that's going to depend on your initial setup both from a hardware and a software perspective now speaking of some complex things self-hosting can be very complex it doesn't have to be but depending on your needs and your experience level it definitely can be you'll need to set up and maintain your own hardware and software and this can be a challenge especially if you're not familiar with information technology or it and if something goes wrong you'll be the one responsible for fixing it you may also need to figure out how to securely access your applications from outside your network if you plan to share your access with friends or family or want access to your applications while you're on the go which kind of brings us to our next point of security security is always a major concern with self hosting or hosting really anywhere but specifically here with self-hosting you'll be the one responsible for securing your hardware and your software and your network and things like that this also includes like I mentioned remote access methods if you want or need to access your applications from outside your home network and again this can be a challenge especially if you're not familiar with best security practices and if your system's compromised your data could be at risk Bad actors could rant somewhere your system or just delete your operating system for the and file just for the luls and here are some additional thoughts on the downsides of self hosting uh the first one is that it can be time consuming setting up and maintaining a self-hosted server can be a lot of work and you'll need to spend time installing and configuring software keeping up with security updates and monitoring your systems for problems also if something goes wrong with your server again you'll be the one responsible for troubleshooting and fixing the problem and this again can be difficult if you're not familiar with the software or Hardware you're using using one of the ways that you can remedy that though is by having a good logging Solution on your setup that will just kind of keep tabs on what's going on and give you something to reference in order to go back and see what went wrong and possibly even how to fix it one of the other things that's kind of a downside to self-hosting is scaling maybe you've just got a little single board computer that hosts a few little applications and eventually you want to start hosting more and you want to start adding more and you want to start doing more and there's more and there's more and there's more well eventually there's a good chance that that piece of Hardware that you've got isn't going to be enough so you may have to look at buying more Hardware or or figuring out a way to upgrade your existing Hardware in such a way that you can start adding more stuff to it and of course doing things like that will add cost and complexity to your setup especially if you've got things uh running on your system that are important to keep up and running all of the time um so that may incu some downtime on your network which may complicate things so there there are some complexities that you have to consider when you're doing this kind of stuff then you'll need to probably configure the hardware and the software to work uh with this new upgrade and that can also be very very time consuming so should you get into self-hosting well that depends if you're willing to invest the time and money and you're comfortable with the complexity and security risks then self-hosting can be a good option but if you're not sure or don't have the resources or or the the time to learn then your better option might actually just be keep doing what you're doing and using the third party applications that just work now just a little side note here that isn't in my script and that is I self-host quite a bit of stuff on this this rack behind me over here that you can't really see however there are still thirdparty services that I use because again they just work and sometimes Integrations can be complicated with other thirdparty systems um but often times if you're using multiple third-party systems they're often configured to work together very very easily however in a self-hosting situation sometimes getting your self-hosted thing to work with a third party uh paid thing can be much more difficult and the troubleshooting and the apis and all of that kind of stuff can add layers of complexity that even I'm not willing to deal with so I very often for certain things use a third party service just because it's not worth my headache or my time so again while this is in no way meant to be an exhaustive list of why you might not want to get into self-hosting I hope this video has given you a better understanding of why you might not want to self-host your applications at home of course if you have any questions or want to add something that I've missed please leave those in the comment section down below but with all of that said I I'm going to go ahead and wrap this up I do want to thank you guys for spending a few minutes of your day with me today and I'll talk to you in the next video

  Top Comments:
  1. @limpqizbuit [11 likes]: The learning curve of self hosting can be daunting, but it builds absolutely fundamental core skills that every developer should know. Absolute beginners shouldn't bog themselves down with this at the start, but once they reach competence going back to the basics is important. 

You don't want to be frustrated learning Linux when you are hello worlding your first website. But you really should understand the infrastructure by the time you are skilled enough to mvp your first project and are ready to take it live.
  2. @theglassarrow_ [3 likes]: The only real downside I experince is time consumtion. Dont have my server availible outside of the house, I just que up stuff to download onto my phone for later. Hardware/power cost are both defeated by the fact I use my work computer to run my servers, they dont take that much power when I'm not actively using the server, and I have the stuff for it anyways, never really turn off my PC to start with.

Only real cost/downside I've experinced is paying for #1. Emby, simply dont want to change that since it works well for me, and #2. A vpn so I can safely supply stuff.
  3. @Raymond6494 [2 likes]: learning was the reason why I started hosting
  4. @00wez [2 likes]: You can host from the device you are watching this
  5. @recarsion [1 likes]: As a developer I've been thinking of getting into self hosting mainly for two things: taking ownership of my data and not leaving as much important stuff in the hands of third parties, and maybe learning a bit about the operations side of things as that's a big gap in my knowledge and I see DevOps having a huge future atm. But I also don't want to turn this into a part time job and idk if I'd be comfortable running anything critical in this way. I mean there's just so many ways this could go wrong, power or internet outage, an update gone wrong, hardware issues...
  6. @mauritianobserver [1 likes]: My advice to anyone trying to self host.
- Don't you even think about buying a full fletch server unit, build a desktop instead.
- Unless you're very advanced in IT, don't host your own email server for security reasons.
- Choose well between linux and windows environment. Else, you'll regret it later.
- Use Cloudflare tunnel (under zero trust section).
- Buy a UPS if your area is prone to power outage.
  7. @mackrevinak: for about 10 or so years i did a good bit of self hosting but ive gone back to using local files for anything i use daily now just to keep things as simple as possible. things like passwords (keepass) and notes (markdown, obsidian) in particular. its nice not having to worry about having an internet connection or the power being out. syncthing is the icing on the cake though since it lets you have the best of both worlds. everything offline first but then syncing between devices whenever possible. 
ive also recently started experimenting with running a webdav server on each device, to be accessed locally only, then use that with whatever calendars and contacts apps, or floccus bookmarks, and let syncthing handle the syncing between devices. 

although keep in mind im not sharing any of these files with anyone else. if i was i would probably go back to using a centralised server and just put up with all the extra complexity.

i still self-host some things though and would recommend it to most people, but the things i run are mostly stuff i would only use a few times a week so its not a big deal if i lose access
  8. @UsedtobeaDefaultprofilepicz4l: The upsides of disliking this video
Everything
  9. @applegarden2448: i want to host a local AI and then see what can it do over 10 years
  10. @knightmare1442: It's not that expensive if you don't need much storage.
Get an HP Elitedesk with an i5 9700 or newer, 16 GB RAM and an (NVMe) SSD.
You can do a lot with that.
And if you just want to try stuff you can go even cheaper and even 4GB of RAM might be enough.
You can try many things even with a raspberry pi 3b. That's how I started but I would only recommend it for playing around and trying stuff.

It's really fun and AI chatbots can help you with troubleshooting (if you know a bit about linux and don't rage to much because of hallucinations).
Right now I pretty much host everything that's not the arr stack or very ressource hungry stuff like LLMs or rendering.
  11. @yuvrajsingh15823: Self hosting is freedom.
  12. @training7574: Very useful, thanks! The easy way to get many advantages of self hosting is to buy a ready made NAS - in my case a Synology. This gives me many advantages of self hosting. I wanted more, however, and am trying to set up an old thin client for other tasks like Jellyfin and Photoprism.

If you choose self hosting just for the sake of the apps, avoid general server apps like OpenMediaVault and even CasaOs. Docker for us Noobs is a No-Go! I am now trying out Yunohost which might be the closest I get to the convenience of Synology. Hope for the best and if not - I am out of self hosting till there is even easier ways to get the apps on the hardware.
  13. @chinnidiwakar: Well in that case we should not learn to walk either, with all the potential problems🤣
  14. @bruce3919: i use linux on spare mini pc, but i prefer windows 11 more for familiarity for plex, jellyfin and resilio sync. is that okay?
  15. @ThirtytwoJ: buying?  pfft. im a scrapper. ill buy in bulk and break down the rest for parts and metals... or ill get paid to haul off last gen hardware to play with.
  16. @cleverlords2251: Self-hosting is the new factorio
  17. @ContentsOfTable: If you're the type of person that does a blind copy and paste of config settings from some rando place on the internet without any idea of what the consequences of those settings are then for sure self-hosting is not for you.  If you don't understand each and every setting you make for public facing apps then again, self-hosting is not for you.  Nobody will rescue you when your service(s) or server gets compromised.  That said, its very rewarding and cost effective from the perspective of the wallet, but time invested can be overwhelming and also equates to real world dollars if your time is money.
  18. @DamianVanLife: 0:43 Why people ask to like and sub after watching the intro?
  19. @davidvice3720: Do you host other peoples material ?
  20. @DaveBukowski: I do both.  I do IT (networking/systems/infosec) as my job.  Some stuff I host at home, others I host at some VPS that I lease, and some I have as a SaaS.  For me it all depends on what my goal of that application I am setting up and also what power I need.  I have 3 game servers, one is a powerhouse running on Proxmox for Arma3 as one of a few VMs which I host locally because I built it for that and the cost for running it online is expensive, one is for Windward (much lower requirements) that I am actually running that and a Xonotic server on a Digital Ocean account.  So I weigh in the pros/cons , costs, and how much exposure I want on each system.  If its only going to be home accessible like my NVR for my security cameras, that is staying on-prem because I dont like having my video feeds spread to the internet.  So my environment is a hybrid.  :)  Also have OpenVPN which I'll likely switch to wireguard type of setup as I play with that in the near future.  I think doing this stuff as my job has the benefit of me knowing the questions to ask myself and the risks of the different methods of serving.

- The HARD Truth About Hosting Your Own LLMs: Kind: captions Language: en running your own large language models locally is all the rage right now there are dozens of incredibly powerful llms that you can download and self-host now and running your own llms means that you don't have to pay per token as you are using your AI and you don't have to send your data to another company they are fantastic for scaling your business and keeping your data protected and while they can't compete with the best close Source models like 01 and Claw 3.5 Sonet they still abs absolutely kick butt with the right setup however there are some hard truths that you and I have to face that you will quickly realize when you try to use the more powerful local llms like llama 3.1 on your own Hardware I can guarantee that the first time you try to use a local llm it is going to take you much longer than you thought to get a response and sometimes you won't even get a response because you'll get a timeout and in that case your computer straight up is not good enough to use the model at all and that my friend reveals the hard truth running the more powerful local llms requires insanely powerful Hardware I'm talking gpus that cost at least two grand just to be able to run the weakest version of llama 3.1 and that's not even to mention all the electricity costs that you're going to have to pay to run this thing 247 you could also go with GPU machines running in the cloud but those can cost more than a dollar per hour that adds up really really quick and that's even on the low end and this is a big problem because on one hand you and I we want to use local llms they give us the most flexibility privacy and ability to scale because we aren't paying per token but on the other hand running the more powerful llms locally can cost hundreds or thousands of dollars up front and local llms are actually the most affordable when you really start to scale but getting to that point with them is absolutely painful I have seen this problem this contention play out with many businesses as they start to integrate AI so I have developed a simple but effective strategy for this that I want to reveal to you now here is the premise of the strategy unless you're willing to put in a large initial investment running local AI right off the bat is not realistic that's what you and I just covered but what you can do is pay per token with these same self- hostable models in an incredibly cheap way and then later on when the Price Is Right scale to hosting these exact same models yourself in your own Hardware that way you're only paying the big bucks when it makes sense and you don't even have to switch your llm which that can have a lot of unintended consequences for your application so in this video allow me to show you both sides of this strategy here first starting with paying per token and then going to hosting your llm yourself and there is an exact calculable time when it makes sense to make the switch and I will cover that as well the way that you start this strategy so you aren't paying thousands Upfront for local llms is with one of my favorite AI services on the entire planet Gro Gro is your way to pay per token for super fast openly available llm inference and it is insanely cheap oftentimes it's actually free if your requirements are light enough because grock has an awesome and indefinite free tier and I also just want to say that I'm not sponsored by grock in any way their platform is just the best for Speed and price when it comes to this kind of thing and so that's why I'm including grock specifically in this strategy instead of another service or being more generic all right so now we get to the fun part because I'm going to very quickly show you around Gro I'm going to show you how easy it is to use how powerful it is and also how affordable it is as well and then we'll dive into what it looks like for you to make that decision to eventually switch from grock to hosting your own llms what that looks like and when exactly you would make that choice so I'm going to give a quick overview here just give you a lot of value very very quickly so I'm here on the grock website it's just gro.com and they boast their speeds immediately because they literally have this chat window on their homepage where you can talk to grock I'm not sure which llm this uses under the hood but just see how fast this is I'll enter in just a random prompt that I have here it spits out the answer really fast and then tells you exactly how quick it is 1,200 tokens per second that is insane just for reference one word is about 1.25 tokens and so this is about 1,000 words per second roughly that is incredibly fast much much faster than most llms out there and it's also insanely easy to use so if I scroll down on their homepage here and I go down yep right here it just shows you how all you have to do to work with grock is you have to replace the base URL within your open aai instance with the grock API like it says right here and then add in your grock API key and then you just switch it out your model right here it is just so so easy like just 10 lines of code they show you right here all you have to do is PIP install open Ai and then boom this is your code and you're now working with grock and with Lang chain it's even easier because you have to just uh pip install this Lang chain grock package set your grock API key in the environment variable and then you have access to this chat grock instance that you can import from Lang chain grock you can Define your model any other parameters like the temperature and now you can do an lm. invoke do stre whatever you'd usually do in Lang chain so it's just so easy to get started with grock here as well and then I also love n8n put out a lot of content on it so I'll show you that really quick as well so in your n workflow you'll typically have a tools agent node when you're working with large language models in n and then for the chat model here I'll just click on this you can see that grock is one of the options supported so no custom integration you can use grock right off the bat with n8n all you have to do for your credentials here is put in your grock API key just like we saw with code and then boom you have access to all of the models within grock super super nice and easy and so with that I wanted to talk about the price for grock as well so we'll go over here and look at this for llama 317b it is 59 cents per million tokens and so what that equates to is for every $1 you get 1.69 million tokens that is actually EX extremely affordable compared to any Clos Source model really all the powerful ones like GPT 40 and Claw 3.5 Sonic and then even comparing to other services that offer llama 3.1 like together for example they have their light version of llama 3.1 70b that actually is technically a little bit cheaper but if you want to go turbo to even come close to matching the speeds of llama 3.1 with grock then you're going to be paying more and so together AI it's a fine service I've used it before I like it uh but it just shows how insanely affordable grock is it is just amazing so there we go in just a few minutes you now know how to use grock what the pricing looks like and also how fast it really is one thing that I do want to mention here with Gro is it still is another company that is hosting the llm for you so it's not quite the same as local AI in terms of your data privacy but it is still a lot better than sending your data to a close Source model like GPT or CLA that's going going to train the model on your data and eventually theoretically regurgitate it back out to other people so it's still much better to use something like Gro with llama but keep that in mind that if you're developing a proof of concept using Gro because you don't want to pay for self-hosting your llm you might want to use mock data for things that's really really private just as you are building out your application and then once you scale and you're running things locally then you can work with your private data and not have to worry about anything so with that we can now dive into the next step of this strategy all right so I have my calculator up right now because we are going to be doing some napkin math to figure out exactly when it makes sense for you to switch from paying per token with a service like grock to hosting your own llm because eventually it will get to the point when you scale your business that paying for token is more expensive than just paying for the hardware now one thing that I want to mention is that I'm going to be covering what it looks like to pay for a GPU machine in the cloud to run your l because you can technically build a computer and have it in your house or a data center but you have to deal with maintenance paying for electricity it's harder to upgrade when the next level of gpus come out in a half a year or a year and so generally it's a lot more flexible to just pay for something in the cloud and that's generally what I would recommend and so that's what I'm going to be focusing on right now there are a lot of services out there to get GPU machines a couple that I want to highlight here is runp pod which is what I'm on right now and then also digital ocean I'm not not affiliated with either of them but I use both of them and so that's kind of my recommendation of just where you'd want to start when looking for somewhere to host your llms in the cloud now digital ocean is actually pretty pricey and they don't have a ton of options I know that they are expanding this in the future just because I've done some research since I like digital ocean so much um but in the meantime runpod actually has much more competitive pricing you can just kind of look at some comparisons here for like an h100 just like they have right here it's definitely a lot cheer and also if you want to run something like llama 3.1 70b which is a really classic local llm you typically would only need something like an A40 right here so this is actually the model or the machine that I want to use for my example here for my napkin math so an A40 it is 39 cents in the secure Cloud to run this with 48 gbt of vram definitely good enough for llama 3.1 70b and so what we're going to do right now is I'm going to walk you through with this calculator step by step how you can determine exactly when it becomes more expensive to pay per token with Gro and so let's go over to the calculator here so first of all what we want to do is compute how much it costs per month to use that A40 instance with run pod so I'm just going to take 0.39 because it is 39 cents an hour multiply it by 24 because there's 24 hours in a day and then multiply by 30 CU there's roughly 30 days in a month and that gives us a grand total of $280 a month so you pay a pretty penny a few hundred a month for this instance but let's do the math and figure out when it makes sense to actually do this instead of go with grock so I'm going to go back to the grock pricing here and we'll take a look at this so for grock for llama 3.1 70b you get 1.69 million tokens for every $1 that you spend so let's plug that into the calculator here I'm going to clear it completely and I'll add add in this number here so 1, 690,000 tokens per $1 now there are a lot of tokens in your typical prompt especially if you have complex instructions for your llm or long chat histories or you have rag where you're retrieving multiple big chunks from documents and dumping those into your prompt and so the average prompt is actually like a good solid few thousand tokens even up to like 10 or 20,000 tokens I have seen before and so this is a really rough estimate but in your use case you will know the average amount of tokens that you have per prompt and that's something that you can actually compute so you can track that in the back end as you're developing your proof of concept and starting to use your application and bring users on and figure out the average tokens so that you can plug your exact number into this to have a better idea when exactly you would switch from grock to hosting your local LM so I'm going to go with 5,000 as just just a good example here and so what I'll do is I'm going to divide this number by 5,000 because that is going to tell me the number of prompts that I can make to my llm per $1 you see that here because it's 1,690 th000 tokens per $1 when I divide by the number of tokens per prompt this is the number of prompts that I can make to my llm per $1 and so now what we're going to do is multiply that by the price of the runp Pod instance because what this is going to give us is it is going to give us the number of prompts that we can make per month until it gets to the point that runp pod is cheaper so this is the magic number here 94,95 instance to host our llama 317b as long as that instance can keep up with the demand which I'm pretty sure um 48 GB of vram and I think it had like 80 GB of RAM or something it could probably keep up with the demand of this many prompts per month because if we divide by 30 that is going to give us the number of prompts that we would have per day so if you get to like 3,000 promps per day with your application you would want to self-host your llm instead and if you think about it let me get back to that number here I'll divide by 30 again I'm not sure why I went away if you think about it that's not actually that many prompts per day if you have three ,000 users on your platform in a day they could each make one prompt one call to your llm and then it would already be worth it to switch over to hosting your own llm so I hope that makes sense here I know there's a couple of rough numbers that I put in here for examples but you can make this very very accurate to your use case figure out the instance you want with runp pod the exact pricing for your model in grock how many tokens you have on average per prompt and this can come down to an exact science when you'd make that switch so there you have it that is my grand strategy for how you can work with local llms effectively to not spend a ton of money up front but eventually scale where you're hosting everything completely and saving thousands and thousands of dollars once you scale your application to thousands and thousands of users now grock pricing is pretty competitive you can see from my math there that you might want to use it for a very very long time and you might even want to use it for longer just because of the convenience of not having to maintain your own llms but eventually it does do get to the point where it just makes so much sense and you save so much money so I hope that you found this strategy and all the logic behind it valuable if you did I would really appreciate a like and a subscribe and with that I will see you in the next video

  Top Comments:
  1. @XaifaxVT [6 likes]: Dude I have a portable LLM running on an N100 powered potato and while it might not be the fastest car in the race it is perfectly functional portable LLM for utility purposes. There is nothing wrong with downloading a couple free models, yes including Llama versions, and swapping around between what's best for the task. If you can't run an LLM locally without thousands of dollars in hardware you're being pretty elitist about what models and speeds you're demanding.
  2. @jacobward8851 [6 likes]: Dell PowerEdge R730 + Two Tesla P40 GPUs = Best Home Lab Option.
  3. @junaldinsales [2 likes]: This answers all of my questions. I believe LLMs are just novelties.
  4. @ohisaac [2 likes]: Very helpful video, man. I was going for the self-host path but it makes no sense for an mvp. Thank you very much.
  5. @SundaysComing [2 likes]: Great content....
  6. @robert0z387 [2 likes]: Think you probably just got a bad PC combo because I bought $100 laptop and was running olama and was getting 5 to 10 words a second and it only had Intel graphics from the i3 Don't spread misinformation. It's just not very kind of you
  7. @ivgnes [1 likes]: Thank you so much
  8. @blackhand9581 [1 likes]: I'm able to run 70b 2bpw EXL3 variant of Llama 3.1 on my 3090. The speed is decent enough that I'm finding myself use the 34b models less and less. The fact I'm able to use low end CLOUD models locally is insane. Just a three years back, you'd have to make do with 22b models and 4-8k context on a 24gb VRAM.
  9. @joshuaplank883 [1 likes]: Thanks for the tips. Any chance you could write something up to show how to add groq as an option to your AI master class docker setup? I'm not seeing how to do that as I'm not great at docker yet
  10. @yankoaleksandrov9050: The 'start cheap, scale up' framing is practical for inference capacity. What the video doesn't fully address is the orchestration layer — the part that needs to stay always-on, responsive, and doesn't actually require raw GPU power.

Running a small dedicated always-on node for orchestration + local fast decisions, while routing heavy inference to cloud or a beefier box, completely changes the economics. A Jetson Orin Nano (67 TOPS) handles 7-8B models for routing, background tasks, and agent workflows at ~7-10W idle — hardware that costs under $400 and doesn't compete with your daily workload.

The 'insanely good hardware' requirement is accurate for full local inference at large model sizes. For agents and orchestration, the requirement drops dramatically. Dedicated always-on edge hardware is a genuinely different category from 'gaming GPU + Ollama on your main machine' — and the two actually complement each other well in a hybrid setup.

(Full disclosure: we build ClawBox, a pre-configured Jetson Orin Nano for this kind of always-on agent workload, so we benchmark this constantly.)
  11. @gaoqizhang-n4e: got gpu clou pircey!
  12. @svendtveskg5719: And, one year later, this grok commercial video is obsolete.
  13. @rars0n: PPQ allows you to use pretty much any of the major LLMs on a per-query basis, pay as you go.
  14. @JoTokutora: My setup is an Inspur server with 8 Nvidia Voltas V100 sxm2 for a total 256GB Vram. thats should be good enough for local llm?
  15. @smithbuilt: Ryzen 7 5700X Assassin SE120 cooler ,  rtx 4060 Ti 16GB, 128 GB RAM, 2x gen 4 SSD 4tb, ASUS ROG Crosshair VIII Hero X570 motherboard with a super flower 1000W 80+ platinum with 4 inlet fans one rear and two top exhaust. Not mega money not even top spec but it runs b7 and b13 size models flawlessly and I get serious quality results
  16. @CptVex: Running your own isn't practical, it's just too slow.
  17. @abdelrahmangamalmahdy: But given that groq is faster than the Nividia GPUs, probably you'd need much more than the 3165 prompts per day in order to switch and once you get to this, you'll require more GPU resources and find out that groq is still competitive until you hit millions of active users!
  18. @vicious12394: as fast as groq may be im not really thrilled about using a model that changes its responses based on the personal beliefs of a psychopath
  19. @oSethoum: One important factor is tokens/second because it's important for you users that the LLM is fast.
  20. @albertocorrales-dev: very insightful video!! I'm wondering if there is a formula to calculate how many requests you can serve with a particular hardware, since at certain point you will have to scale-out or scale-up your infra. Additionally, about running your LLM, there are other cost implications like maintenance, high-availability, etc. that might need to be taken into account.

- All You Need To Know About Running LLMs Locally: Kind: captions Language: en last year we thought 2024 was going to be a job market hell but it turns out that not only we have even more hiring frees we also found ourselves even deeper into the subscription nightmare that is AI Services because for just 20 bucks a month you would get your own green Jor that is good at coding but bumbles at the same time and can write you some good emails that could have been only 10 words some may say that it's money well spent but some may say that you are not maxing enough because if I could run freee Bots near equivalent to chat gbt myself why would I pay 20 bucks a month for a service just to tell me I can only use it again at 8 p.m. so if you ever want to know how to run AI chop Bots and LM models locally this video is the perfect Gateway for you to get started picking the right user interface for yourself is very important as it'll be catering to your kns depending on how deep you are in the rabbit hole first we have text generation web UI and it usually goes by the name uaba it offers three modes default which is basic input output chat which is like a dialogue format and notebook which is pretty much like text completion it's the current most popular UI and offers most of the basic stuff you need second we have silly Tarvin which focuses more on the front-end experience of using AI chat bot like chatting role playing and even more visual novel like presentation but it's just generally a really nice looking front end for using LMS and since it's only a front end it will need a back end like uaba to run the AI models but if if you just want some straightforward exe file then there is LM Studio which has lots of great native functions like hugging face model browser which makes finding models much more easier other than that it has some much nicer quality of life info that would tell you if you can run a model or not it's definitely a good alternative if you don't like the gradio type of interface you can hop between models swiftly and you can use it as an API for other apps too lastly we have Axel AO and it is a command line interface that offers the best support for fin fine tuning AI models so if you do get deep into fine tuning this is definitely your first choice rather than doing it on ubera for this video I'll be using uaba as it provides the most well-rounded functionalities with support on most operating systems and available for NVIDIA AMD and apple M series you can also add silly Tarver as the front end if you want and follow these installation steps and you're good to go next you can start browsing all the free and open source models on hugging face and download what you want to use using U goa's built-in downloader by copy and pasting the last two URL slugs but if you don't have any models in mind here's a list of models I recommend along with their best usage and beside their model names it usually has their own version and a number followed by a b which means how many billion parameters the model has and it often acts as an indicator for you if you can run it on your GPU or not but if it starts doing maths on its name or it says Moe it means that it's a mixture of experts model which I explained in my previous video you can check it out for a better approximation on how much vrm you need for each model you can also refer to these hugging face spaces sometimes you would see some other funny looking letters on their names to like ggf awq safe tensors EXL 2 gptq but they are all kind of meaningless until you start running your first model and encounters runtime error Cuda out of memory well safe tensor is technically unrelated to this since it's just a secure file format that prevents people from adding sus things to your PC when you load up a model from an unknown source but others are different model formats that potentially let you run them when you typically can because of their large parameters count and these formats achieve this by either shrinking down their Precision or quantizing them which is essentially reducing the number of bits used to represent a number that the model uses this would usually result in lobotomizing these models but it's not as bad nowadays since the loss isn't as noticeable when used on the better models for the others ggf a predecessor of gml is the file format in binary for models that supports different quantization scheme running on CPU and is contained within a single file which most models are not by the way EXL 2 is a format used by X Lama V2 which mixes quantization levels within a model to achieve an average bit rate between 2 and 8 bits per weight it is the fastest optimization but only available on Nvidia gpus awq is a quantization method that sets smaller weights to zero and round the rest to the nearest quantization threshold to reduce the model size gbq is a layerwise quantization algorithm which aims to minimize the error at the output so it wouldn't blindly lobotomize itself however gbq and bits and bytes which I have not mentioned is not as practical for inference now since awq EXL 2 and ggf are just generally better apart from do safe tensors andf formats these condensation methods are all making models smaller after training which only potentially lets you run them because we still need to take into account of cont context length as it would also eat up your memory and not being able to provide a decent amount of context length would make the model kind of useless since the model often needs context to solve your questions for clarification context length is everything which can be instructions input prompts and conversation history and the longer the context length a model has the more information the AI can use to process your prompt with like summarizing a paper or keeping track of what it generated in a previous conversation AI models don't save what you say to it so instead you would need to provide history or data for it to use for the precise technical details 8,000 tokens context length is usually around 4.5gb vram but some models like mix R and deep seek can get vram usage even smaller cuz they have gqa implemented which is around 1.5gb for 8,000 tokens so does that mean it is even more doomed for typical 12gb VM consumers to run local LMS well not quite there's something called CPU offloading which lets you offload models onto CPU and system Ram it is a feature from llama C++ the same people that made ggu F so the model has to be in ggu F format to do this but even a 12gb vrm can run Mixr ax 7B which is like 45 billion parameters in total by putting 10gb of the model in the vram with 2GB for context and the rest handled by CPU and system Ram while the trade-off is of course the speed and using the quantized model you would still get some pretty top tier results for running locally for free and if you do want to run it faster other than EXL 2 there are other Hardware acceleration framework like VM inference engine that is great for a service side where it handles parallel requests very well and increases model speed by 24 times compared to hugging face and Nvidia is also offering tensor rtlm that you can use for some popular models to increase inference by four times with your RTX GPU they also recently released an app called chat with RTX which is a local UI bu that can connect a model to your local documents and other data so you can ask it to scan your documents without the need to upload it anywhere super good for privacy if that's what you're looking for it can also watch a YouTube video and answer questions about the content of the video so if you're too lazy to watch my videos or just need to revisit a few key points I've made chat with RTX can answer it easily for you but if speed is not what you're looking for and you want the AI to do something more specific like becoming a chatbot that teaches you how to code or become a tech support for grandparents this is where fine-tuning comes in Kora is the current best way to fine-tune model as it doesn't need to train the whole billion parameters model and instead only a fraction of them besides no one really fine- Tunes the entire model as it is pretty inefficient and you probably need to spend a quarter of a million just to train it for like a month but before you start fine-tuning it remember the golden rule in AI garbag in garbage out if the training data is badly organized the result would be trash the model that you choose to fine tune has to be a good fit for what you want it to do too the data set for fine-tuning usually needs to follow the original data sets format that was used to train the model you are fine tuning on there are currently a lot of different formats and because the data formatting is how instruction Q&A and dialogue AI models are made so to reproduce something of similar format it's necessary to choose one correctly there are other fine-tuning techniques which have less capabilities than Cur however they mostly serve a different purpose too like get it to generate answers as satisfy some moral gar rails or responses that are more preferred by humans and yeah these are roughly everything about running local lmm and AI chat Bots there are also other extensions that you can use like rag to hook up LM with a database through llama index so you can do things like asking a model about some local files just like it was demoed in chat with RTX and even in a bigger scale or replacing GitHub co-pilot with continue dodev using your local models which would save you some more bucks running local LMS may just just be the peak of money saving in this age of AI without giving up performance so maybe this is where you start your M maxing journey in Ai and run local models that will save you extra 20 bucks during this hiring freeze but if you are looking for more gpus to run local models faster Nvidia actually send me an RTX 480 super to give away to you guys and look at this bad boy I'll probably not open this box so whoever gets this can still enjoy the throw of fully unboxing it to join in the giveaway you just need to attend at least one virtual GTC session and show proof of you attending it which is really straightforward I'll link the participation form down in the description so you can join once GTC starts for the proof I just need you to take a selfie while watching any of the live virtual GTC sessions and if you don't want to show your face you can just show a thumbs up with GTC on your monitor or do something unique that does not look like it's generated by Ai and also very important you have to use my link down in the description to sign up for the free virtual GTC session this time they also have the original AU authors of Transformers which is from the paper attention is all you need hosted a panel on March 20th which is going to be one of the highlights and I highly recommend you to attend so you can watch it live online so definitely add it to your schedule and participate the giveaway at the same time shout out to Andrew lelz Chris Leo Alex Jay Alex Marice Mig Lim Dean fif fall and many others that support me through patreon or YouTube follow my Twitter if you haven't and I'll see you all in the next one and

  Top Comments:
  1. @jelleverest [45 likes]: Naming within the AI field is so completely fucked, hugging face, oobabooga
  2. @bycloudAI [24 likes]: stay up-to-date on the latest AI research with my newsletter! → https://mail.bycloud.ai/

Minor correction: GGUF is not the predecessor to GGML, GGUF is the successor to GGML. (thanks to danielmadstv)
  3. @Charsept [1 likes]: It's a little hard to follow when I don't know what half the words you're saying mean but I'm here 😅
  4. @ElTG-e9r [1 likes]: my rtx 3050 6gb wants to k!ll itself after i do this
  5. @Extocine: Am i the only one who is absolutely lost on literally everything in this video?
  6. @muskduh: thanks for all the info. cheers from jersey city.
  7. @AjK0099: Why is bro asking to surgically turn off my brain? 😭😭
  8. @suckabliat123: Have you heard of "gptme" ? Wouldn't that do this better?
  9. @Chifth: i feel like im  retarded cause like i didn't get 99 % of the words u said like what how and what even is goiing on like ithought it was eeasyy to get n ai run locally
  10. @filiflo: hey its fireship before going private equity and with a higher pitch! Very much appreciated
  11. @zizkovhoodmoments1590: CPU inference and small models have gotten so good that i can run LLMs on old ass intel core i5 3570 with just 8gb system ram and no GPU and its smart enough to solve your homework or have a scientific discussion
  12. @jawwadismail9419: Thank you. so much for the video! I'm writing my Thesis on Evaluation of LLM using Gameplay and this video was everything that I needed to get started.
  13. @shirwacREI: Bruh I didnt understand this video, why is everyoen have context that I dont have? I cant believe its such a wide gap people who would never even think about doing this and actual pros and then i
  14. @nusretalikok823: Hello bycloudAI, on a scale of 0 to 10, how outdated is this video for starting Local LLM running now? (Anychance we are getting a new one any time soon?)
  15. @RamaChetan: OpenWeb UI + Ollama is the best experience in my opinion both can run on docker
  16. @milk_bath: Wtf is this Fireship ripoff?
  17. @Brainbuster: I've never met someone who couldn't pronounce tavern
  18. @personanongratis: This is the moment when you realize all the knowledge of computers you have untill now is obsolete!
  19. @volkovolko: Wtf is this video ?
Models you are sharing are like 1 years old, why not taking something much newer and more efficient ?
Why not talking about ollama which would be (with lm studio) the easiest way to get started?
I'm confused
  20. @harrison298: Lol "tarvern" 😊

- Secure deployments with self-hosted runners | Team '22 | Atlassian: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] so hi everyone i'm justin thomas product manager on the bitbucket pipelines team today's topic is secure deployments with cell phone cell runners i'm going to take you through how to set up a hybrid cicd workflow with self-hosted runner and do a secure deployment to aws without secrets using open id connect before we start with the demo let's talk about bitbucket pipelines papercut pipelines is the numbers one cicd tool on bitbucket cloud from small teams to large enterprises we run millions of workflows every month there are 80 plus pipes which you can use to integrate with third-party devops tool or cloud providers such as aws and tata dock sneak launch directly just to name a few the adoption of bitbucket pipelines is increasing more and more teams are using bitbucket pipelines to automate their ci cd workflow we know that bitbucket cloud is a great tool for small and medium sized teams but as teams scale they face few challenges with bitbucket cloud here at bitbucket our mission is to be enterprise ready so that on-prem pickpocket customers can move to bitbucket cloud we recently shipped project level settings encryption at rest self-hosted runners and we are currently working on project level permissions audit logs auto scaling runners multi-step deployments just to name a few enterprise great features if you want to learn more or get a more higher level overview of the roadmap please visit the atlassian roadmap roadmap page i'll add the link to the roadmap in the description coming back to the demo let me give you a brief overview of what a bit bucket pattern runner is runners is how the docket pipelines execute their csd workflow and there are two types of runners cloud runner and self-hosted runner cloud runner is how majority of our customers run their ci cd workflow they are easy to get started with have no management overhead and they scale as per your requirement we have heard from customers that they need more flexibility around where and how their cicd workflows are executed enterprises have strict policies where they cannot allow their internal infrastructure to be exposed to the internet so they want to execute that cicd workflow on their own infrastructure an example use case would be when you want to deploy to your production instance which is behind the firewall or when you want to access internal systems for running integration tests such as databases we built self-hosted runner so you get the flexibility to execute your ci cd workflow on your own infrastructure on the hardware of your choice self-hosted runners went ga in august last year now let's get on to the demo here we have a simple hello world nodejs application which is deployed to aws ecs so if you look at the bitbucket pipeline cms file we have two steps the first steps builds and published the container image and the second one deploys it to an ecs currently both of these steps run on cloud runners and that's how most of our customers use bitbucket pipelines but we know that there are enterprises with strict policies around infrastructure they don't want any of their internal services to be exposed to the internet for this sort of use case we have self-hosted on us now let's add a self-hosted runner and make the deploy step execute on it to create a self-hosted runner you need to go to the repository settings and in repository settings under pipelines you can find the runners settings page on this runner settings page you will see runners that are associated with your repository as well as runners that are created at a workspace level so if you want to share runners across different repositories you need to create it at a workspace level for our current demo we will be creating a repository level runner so let's click add runner which opens up the runner wizard and the first thing that we need to choose is the operating system on which the runner is going to be running so we currently have option linux and windows our mac is on the way for our demo we will be choosing linux now let's give our runner a name so this is a human identifier pearl name and would be useful for us when we come back in the future to manage runners next thing that you need to provide is a label so by default there are two labels to a runner so one is self-hosted and the other one is operating system in this case it's linux so there are two default labels self-hosted and linux for our runner and i will be adding another label for our use case which is a prod deploy runner so i'm going to add draw deploy label and click next on this screen you can see the command to start your runner i will copy this command make sure you copy this command because you will not be able to access this command after you exit the wizard on the next screen you can see an example of how to use your currently created newly created runner it's pretty simple you just need to add a runs on on a step and then specify the label that you have attached to your runner now let's click finish and the runner is created as you can see the runner is currently in an unregistered state so now let's go to our terminal which is connected to a ec2 instance running in the same vc vpc as the ecs and over here i will paste the command to start the runner and press enter the runner is starting up and as you can see it has updated its status to online so it's ping speed bucket and says that i'm online now if you go back to our runner settings page you can see that the newly created runner is in online state and that means that it is ready to be used now let's go back to our yaml file and update our deploy step to use this it's pretty simple on the step that you want to be executed on a runner just add runs hyphen on attribute and provide the label that you we just created for the runner so in our case it's broad dot deploy so once that is done let's commit this file and as a good citizen let's create a pull request for this change so over here i have changed the deployment step deployment be executed on a cell phone runner and let me give it a better name better branch name that's it and i'm just going to commit this will create a branch and a pull request with that branch to master now if you go to our pipelines page we can see that a build has started where the first step is executed let's go to this source file and look at our yaml file again before since so that we can come back to the pipelines page once the pipeline is completed so here you can see that in the build as well as the deployment step i'm using pipes uh to integrate with aws so we have an aws ecr pipe which pushes the image that was built in the previous section to ecr and similarly we have an aws ecs pipe which deploys the image that was created in the previous step onto ecs the one thing to note is that i had to enable docker service because i am using docker to build the image over here now let's get back to the pipelines as you can see the first step has succeeded and the second step is currently executing this step is executing on a self-hosted runner so if we go to our terminal we can see that the self-hosted runner has picked up that step and is currently executing it it has completed the step and it has printed the message saying that the step has succeeded and it's waiting for our next step so if we go back to our pipeline we can see that the deployment step and the build step both have succeeded just to make sure that this has worked let's go to the ecr and see if a new image has been created or not as you can see a new image was pushed and if you go to ecs there should be another task which will install then which will deploy the latest image that we just built as you saw now it was it's pretty easy or simple to set up a self-hosted runner and use it in your own pipeline in the next part of the demo i'm going to show you how to make this deployment much more secure with bitbucket with openid connect without using a secret now let's go to the bitbucket pipelines file so we are on a branch team 22 demo as you can see i'm using secrets to connect to aws while deploying the image and also pushing the image to easier and also while deploying the image to ecs now secrets are inherently insecure it's pretty easy to have a error in your script which would leak this secret onto the logs or anyone who has read permission to this repository can gain access to this secret access key and also secret management is a huge trouble it's a huge challenge if you want to maintain these secrets across multiple applications fortunately we have open id connect open id connect integration allows you to connect preparecat pipelines to any third-party provider which supports open id connect and in for this demo we will show you how to use open id connect to do a ecr push as well as an ecs deploy from your pipeline there are three main steps to setting up open id connect so first is you need to go to you need to set up people get pipelines as an identity provider on aws then you need to create a role im role which has permission to do the actions required by your ci cd workflow in our case its ecr push and ecstatic low deploy and finally you need to come back to bitbucket pipelines to enable open id connect in your ci cd workflow now let's go to aws iam and create a new identity provider to create identity provider you need to go to the im web console of aws click on identity providers on the left sidebar and then click add provider you need to choose choose open id connect and to add a open id connect provider you need to provide two details one is the provider url and the audience both these details you can get from the open id settings which is present in your repository settings under pipelines so click on the open id connect settings and you should be able to see the identity provider url and the audience copy the identity provider url from pickpocket to aws click get thumbnail then go back and copy the audience just paste the audience and click add provider and that's it we have added bitbucket pipelines as a web identity provider in aws now we need to create a role for our identity provider so that it can actually access aws create a role click on the roles sidebar and then click create roles in the trusted entity type you need to choose web identity and from the identity provider list choose the odc provider that we just created and choose the audience that we added and then click next in the next screen you need to choose the permission that you want to give to this new row for our case it's ecr push fortunately we already have a custom policy which can do a ecr push and the next permission that we need is we also have a custom fight ecs policy which allows you to do a ecs deploy once the permissions are set click on the next button and you need to where you will be prompted to give a name to your room so for in our case let's call it team22 bitbucket demo over here you can review the permissions that are associated with this row so here you can see we have given ecs deploy and we see our push permission to this row and you can click create row which creates the role and let's go to the role so here you can see the role has an arn and we will need this arn to set up ydc on the bitbucket side as a best practice we want as a best practice as we are going to use the role arn at multiple places let's add it as a repository level variable let's call it aws ydc role arn and copy the arn from aws and paste it over here don't think it needs to be secure and let's click add that's it we have added the roles odc role arn now let's go back to our source code and update our bitbucket pipelines file and then let's click edit now to enable oidc for any step you need to set oidc equal to true on the step this will create a ydc token for this step and since we are using ydc we no longer need the x security access tokens instead we just need to mention the arn and we can do that by setting aws ydc role to the one that we just defined as a repository variable so for aws pipe if the awa soydc role iron is set that tells the pipe that tells the pipe to use oidc instead of access keys so let's do the same thing for the deploy pipe here and also we need to enable oitc for the deployment step now we have enabled ydc and update that the pipes to use ydc to connect with aws now let's click commit button ydc since we are already on the team 22 bitbucket demo branch i won't be creating a pull request i'll just do a commit so this will do a comment and which triggered a pipeline and pipeline has started okay now let's as the pipeline is running let's go back to the pipeline cmo and see what we just did so here as you can see sorry let's go to the team demo branch so here you can see whenever you set a step to be oidc true whenever you set what is it true on a step bitbucket pipeline generates a oidc token secure token for unique that's unique to that step and exposes it as bitbucket step ydc token as an environment variable in your pipe when you say that it has to use a oidc rule or and it looks up for the environment variable and uses that token to talk to aws that's how the whole ydc magic works let's go back to our pipeline so the first step has completed and if i click on the ecr push pipe it says that it's authenticated authenticating with aws using open id connect and it was successfully able to the latest image to aws and the deploy step is currently being executed on the runner and it has passed now let's go to ecs and see there is a new task on it so still now the new task has not been scheduled let's go to ecr and see if there is a new image yes there has been a new image that's pushed with open id connect and ecs there should be a new task yes there's a new task which is provisioning which would deploy the latest image so now just to recap if you look at the pull request we enabled oitc on the step changed the access keys to use aws oidc role erm and to convert a cloud runner step to self-hosted we just need to add runs on on it and similarly as the previous step we enabled ytc and started using aws odc role orn since i'm the only one i will approve this full request and merge it that's it today we saw how simple it is to build a hybrid cicd workflow with self-hosted runners we also learned how to securely deploy to aws with open id connect without using any secrets there was a lot of information i hope you found it useful for a more comprehensive overview of the roadmap what's the demo titled building bitbucket cloud for enterprise teams thank you everyone for joining me today in this table you

  Top Comments:
  1. @oussamafahchouch6871: Nice tutorial about Secure deployments with self-hosted runners!
  2. @pankajackson: Trying to deploy it in onprem Kubernetes Cluster but its not working for me.

- NEW Mac Studio 2025 Buyers Guide - STOP Wasting Cash!: Kind: captions Language: en M4 Max or M3 Ultra latest chip gen or double all the cores Apple why would you make buying a Max studio so confusing this year well if that's you don't worry because by the end of this video you'll know exactly which one to buy for your specific use case as I'll be explaining all the differences and which upgrades actually matter as well as which ones are a huge waste of money but before the buyer guide part of this video I've got to go through five mistakes you need to avoid when ordering the new 2025 Max studio getting right into number one do not overspend on an Overkill configuration like the $4,000 M3 Ultra people don't realize how powerful this Chip is going to be it's going to be around 30 to 33,000 points in geekbench multicore the M4 Max was already the fastest production CPU ever made destroying the very best desktop chips from AMD and Intel even the upgraded 14 core M4 Pro chip in the less expensive Mac Mini was right up there almost as good as the best Intel chip heck even the M4 MacBook year that just came out is fast enough for most people seeing as it's now as fast as the old $2,000 M3 Pro 14in MacBook Pro which was crazy fast so unless you absolutely know that you can use the performance of the M3 Ultra seriously just stick to the M4 Max and maybe just upgrade to the 16 core CPU if you want the best of the best multi-core performance better than Intel and AMD at a decent price now moving on to number two do not upgrade to the insane 4 tbte 8 TB or ludicrous 16 tbte SSD storage those are extremely overpriced and I can bet that most people would be fine with one or maybe even two terabytes but 4 tab I think is too much for a regular person as you'll lose your reset value if you end up upgrading for something like let's say an iMac Pro here in the next few years instead get this this is a DIY Thunderbolt 5 SSD that only took me a couple of minutes to put together with 4 terab of insanely fast storage from the Samsung 990 Pro which was actually faster than the internal drive on the M4 Max MacBook Pro that we tested and this is only 500 bucks so if you haven't watched that de DIY custom SSD video yet I'm going to drop a link at the end of this video so you can see how insanely great this was and I'll leave a link to the parts down below now for mistake number three if your work consists of common tasks like video editing photo editing programming logic music production and other things like that do not upgrade to more than 64 gigs of RAM on the M4 Max and honestly just stick to the standard 96 gigs on the M3 Ultra model I honestly think it's enough and yes maybe there might be a day when you have everything opened up all your tabs all your apps and you might just hit that limit but it's not going to be very often unless your specific task does eat a ton of RAM and then yes if it does go ahead and order more but a lot of people overestimate the amount of ram that they actually need like we've been using the M2 ultrax studio for the last couple of years for all of our video editing and photo editing needs with tons of tabs open for research and it's been completely fine with 64 gigs so if we do this every day as a small business on YouTube and we got 64 gigs a lot of you probably should be just fine except if you know that your task eats tons of RAM and I'll actually get into which ones in just a minute for number four this one is pretty simple but don't assume that the M3 Ultra is stuck with old Thunderbolt 4 ports because it's part of the M3 family which all of them had Thunderbolt 4 and as we know only recently the M4 Pro and M4 Max chips are the only ones that support Thunderbolt 5 well Apple actually went and spend the time to redesign the M3 Max die to swap out the Thunderbolt controllers with the new fifth generation ones so yes the M3 Ultra also has Thunderbolt 5 and all six of the USBC ports support it you got the ones in the back and the two in the front all Thunderbolt 5 while the two ports on the front of the M4 Max model do not support Thunderbolt at all it's just USBC so you're you're going to need to plug in N ofe Thunderbolt drives like that SSD into the back ports which can be annoying if you have to use it for other things like displays and whatever else and now on to number five some of you might actually be making a mistake by spending more on the M3 Ultra chip and should instead just get the M4 Max which will benefit you more the M4 Max has newer generation cores that are a lot faster in terms of single core performance so if you're doing any kind of task that relies on that that the less expensive M4 Max might actually be a lot faster for example for web browsing look at how much faster and snappier the M4 Max is compared to the M3 Ultra in speedometer 3.0 and this will also translate to web-based apps like figma web design where the M4 Max was a lot faster than the M3 Max and since the M3 Ultra has the same cores as the M3 Max the performance should basically be the same which is slower than the M4 Max even though the m Ultras twice as expensive and another thing to consider is that the M4 generation CPU cores got redesigned with the RMV 99 instruction set which supports a feature called smme or sv2 which some complex real world tasks might actually take advantage of and that's why the geek P scores for single core are so much higher so unless you need all of the extra raw multi-core performance for apps that properly utilize it with all the extra cores of the M3 Ultra just stick to the M4 Max and now with that said let's get into the buyer guide if you're someone who doesn't really do that much professional work and you just want the latest and snappiest desktop Mac I honestly don't think you should buy this you should probably just save some money and go for the M4 Pro Mac Mini or maybe even the basic $600 M4 Mac Mini with some upgrades like Ramen storage for longevity now if you do a lot of common productivity work like video editing photo editing programming web design things like that the base $2,000 M4 Max model should be more than good enough for a lot of people out there maybe with a ram upgrade if you multitask a lot however if you do a lot of Lightroom photo editing and you deal with hundreds of photos at the same time that is where Ram will mean a lot so it might be worth upgrading to 64 gigs or even more and if you work with blender doing 3D rendering definitely upgrade to the best 40 core GPU on the M4 Max as that'll help with graphics performance and it'll likely be fast enough for a lot of common games at least the ones you can play on Mac OS or Windows games using translation apps like crossover and for those who do a lot of AI work like with local llms like deep SE car1 that is where you probably want as much RAM as you can get up to 128 gigs on the M4 Max which is probably good enough for a personal setup or for a small team and now getting into who should buy the M3 Ultra that's honestly going to be someone who likely makes money with their Mac for a small business so anyone who needs absolutely as much multi-core CPU performance as possible like for CPU rendering or Logic Pro with tons of music tracks at once or complex scientific workloads or whatever else you got out there that needs more CPU power the M3 Ultra is great for that as well as anybody doing insane local llm builds that need as much vram as possible since this goes up to 512 gigs of unified memory and there are guides on Reddit on how to increase the limitation which knocks it down and open it back up you can even buy two of these hook them up with Thunderbolt 5 using exol laabs and basically that'll be enough for like a decent team of doing work at once instead of going with some crazy multiple Nvidia GPU setup that's a pain to keep cool and we're personally going to be using the M3 Ultra for video editing since the ultra chips have more encoders in decoders so you can export videos super fast much faster than the M4 Max as well as having a ton of GPU power for editing smoothly with tons of effects and anybody doing 3D rendering you're going to want the ad8 core M3 Ultra because it's going to be insanely fast in terms of RA performance it's faster than the RTX 80 so it'll also be insane for gaming as well so with that said you're going to find the links to the best deals on Apple's Macs including the Mac Studio the new Macbook air all the other Macs down below and the SSD as well so thanks for watching subscribe above for our in-depth testing videos and we'll see you in the next one [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @MaxTechOfficial [5 likes]: DIY Thunderbolt 5 SSD Enclosure (ONLY $200) ➡ https://geni.us/UIBVg
4TB Samsung 990 Pro SSD ($180 OFF SALE) ➡ https://geni.us/mKHw2
2TB Samsung 990 Pro SSD (ONLY $170) ➡ https://geni.us/USyBAs

M4 Max Mac Studio ➡ https://geni.us/pSFY2ns
M3 Ultra Mac Studio ➡ https://geni.us/OWRye
M4 Mac mini ($70 OFF) ➡ https://geni.us/XQMmjbJ
M4 Pro Mac mini ($105 OFF) ➡ https://geni.us/MdkMU
  2. @emergencja [2 likes]: It is good that you mentioned LLM-s. I have got Mac Studio M1 with 64 GB of RAM and I wish I had more RAM
  3. @user-nk2mj1ry4x: Funny how less than a year later, 64gb or 96gn ram is no longer enough for local AI.
  4. @StularooMusic: Max tech I’m a producer running serum 2,diva, lots of Fabfilter plugins also sooth2, thinking the m4max chip with 64gb ram and 1tb ssd because I have like 3tb of external ssd I’m running ableton 12 is this the machine I should be looking at?
  5. @talalalkhuraif7660: I have a maxed out m3 max laptop maxed out with 8tb storage and my read speed 5649.8 and write 8287.3 mn/s in blackmagic 
So you are speed not only storage
  6. @JamesRoneyMusic: Why would you recommend ultra 3 for those of us using logic PRO when you said the M4 chip is more powerful? Therefore, I would think the M4 chip would work better and handle logic pro with the greater ease than the M3 ultra.
  7. @cramsa: I got mine for running LLMs… as great as my m4 max MacBook Pro was, it just didn’t have enough ram to run larger LLMs. Originally I didn’t even think it was possible because I assumed you needed a GPU cluster etc like back in the days.
  8. @garbun0629: i just bought M4 Max basic spec.  36gb ram, 512 ram + 2TB external ssd.  not a heavy user, it's for personal use to surf internet and watch youtube.  lol...
  9. @mr.foxwiz1653: I just went to the link for the DIY Thunderbolt 5 SSD enclosure and they say it's currently unavailable.  Do you have another one you could suggest?
  10. @danzu25: You ignored us music producers :-(
  11. @nexttvc: Bought the Max Ultra M3
  12. @Sushilkumar-qc9qt: Im planing to get MAC STUDIO 32 gb for music production would it be a good pick?
  13. @Gunnar_Kristiansen: Well, you can't buy the base model M4 Max and upgrade the RAM 😕 (for some reason)
  14. @Paul-if1jq: The only reason for a Studio is the RAM and GPU , AI needs 64GB as a minimum
  15. @antnam4406: WTF BRO? 1:18
  16. @user-v5q2s: I think the main draw for all that unified ram is local ai models that need a large amount of vram.
  17. @DavidCentaura: BS
  18. @OneEyedJackNLD: I was SO hoping for an M4 Ultra chip in the new Mac Studio.
  19. @TrevorZurkan: @1:18 The Benchmark meters are flipped… the 2k M3 should be the larger one based on those numbers.
  20. @riktascale4: So in short you are saying the M3 ultra is better than the M4max for music producers... confused?

- Excel Financial Modeling | Sensitivity & Scenario Analysis: Kind: captions Language: en what's up everyone it's kenji here and in this&nbsp; video we're going to create sensitivity tables&nbsp;&nbsp; to see how different price changes affect our&nbsp; business scenario analysis to see how different&nbsp;&nbsp; forecasts affect our bottom line and lastly goal&nbsp; seek and solver to see how much we need to sell&nbsp;&nbsp; to reach our financial goals and to apply these&nbsp; concepts we'll be using our latest startup idea&nbsp;&nbsp; a lemonade stand and you can download&nbsp; the file i'll be working with for free&nbsp;&nbsp; as i'll leave it in the description below so let's&nbsp; get into it starting off with goal seek and this&nbsp;&nbsp; formula is useful when you know the result that&nbsp; you want but you don't really know what inputs to&nbsp;&nbsp; put in it to get that result for example maybe we&nbsp; say that for the lemonade stand we want to make a&nbsp;&nbsp; hundred thousand in net income but we don't really&nbsp; know how much we need to sell to reach that number&nbsp;&nbsp; let's take a look at the excel file over here&nbsp; and we've got the different assumptions on one&nbsp;&nbsp; side and the income statement on the other and&nbsp; so the assumptions here we've got the units sold&nbsp;&nbsp; so the quantity of lemonade sold the price&nbsp; for that lemonade the cost for us to make it&nbsp;&nbsp; the gna has to do with general and administrative&nbsp; so these are usually things like the the office&nbsp;&nbsp; rent the salaries and other things like that&nbsp; that are fixed in nature and then we've got&nbsp;&nbsp; the tax rate and so what we want to reach is the&nbsp; net income figure over here of a hundred thousand&nbsp;&nbsp; now to do that firstly let's fill in the different&nbsp; income statement lines so we'll go equals for the&nbsp;&nbsp; revenue it's just the price times the quantity&nbsp; so the unit sold times the price per unit&nbsp;&nbsp; for the cogs this is going to be the cost of&nbsp; goods sold so that's equals to the units sold&nbsp;&nbsp; times we'll make it a negative here because it's&nbsp; a cost the cost per unit press enter for a gross&nbsp;&nbsp; profit you can just press the alt equals that's&nbsp; a shortcut for that press enter the reason um&nbsp;&nbsp; this this over here is a sum is because this one's&nbsp; already a negative so we don't have to do another&nbsp;&nbsp; minus to it for gna equals negative the gna here&nbsp; the earnings before tax is just the equal sum&nbsp;&nbsp; press the tab key and we'll select these two here&nbsp; and then for the taxes this gets a bit more tricky&nbsp;&nbsp; that's because if you have a negative earnings&nbsp; or if you didn't earn any money there's obviously&nbsp;&nbsp; nothing for there to be taxed and so let's put an&nbsp; if statement that's going to give us a condition&nbsp;&nbsp; so we'll go equals if press the tab key so the&nbsp; logical test is that this figure is going to be&nbsp;&nbsp; less than zero and if that's the case if the value&nbsp; if true then we actually don't want it anything so&nbsp;&nbsp; we're just going to put a zero there in quotations&nbsp; press the comma key again and the value if false&nbsp;&nbsp; so if there is an actual profit here on earnings&nbsp; in this case what we want to do is tax them right&nbsp;&nbsp; so we'll go get this number here and multiply&nbsp; by that 21 we actually have to make a negative&nbsp;&nbsp; again so we'll go do that press enter and so in&nbsp; this case because we do have earnings before tax&nbsp;&nbsp; we will have a tax rate to that then lastly we'll&nbsp; sum these equal sum press the tab key and select&nbsp;&nbsp; this tool so we've got 988 in net income and we&nbsp; want to get that to boost all the way to 100 000&nbsp;&nbsp; one way that we can do that is by changing&nbsp; the quantity sold so you can either do that&nbsp;&nbsp; manually say we put 10 000 see what kind of an&nbsp; effect that has i'll try again with say 50 000&nbsp;&nbsp; or in the other way the faster more efficient&nbsp; way to go about it is using goal seek&nbsp;&nbsp; so for that firstly let's put a set of constraints&nbsp; here and so what we want to put is essentially&nbsp;&nbsp; first merge this so it looks just like this&nbsp; one here so alt hmc and then ctrl b and then&nbsp;&nbsp; alt h and that's going to give us the blue border&nbsp; here let's go ahead and select that one i have it&nbsp;&nbsp; on the recent and then we'll do alt h fc and we'll&nbsp; put a white background sorry white color here&nbsp;&nbsp; and the first control constraint is the net income&nbsp; which we actually want it to be a hundred thousand&nbsp;&nbsp; press enter and now to get to the actual solver&nbsp; we'll just go to data what-if analysis and we'll&nbsp;&nbsp; select goal seek so we want to set this cell here&nbsp; which is the net income cell 2 the value is going&nbsp;&nbsp; to be 100 000. by changing cell this is the the&nbsp; input that we actually want to change which in&nbsp;&nbsp; our case is the unit sold so we'll press ok and&nbsp; now you can see that we've reached 100 000 in net&nbsp;&nbsp; income press the ok key here and that's because&nbsp; we've actually increased the unit sold to over&nbsp;&nbsp; 60 000 here but that's 60 000 units all that&nbsp; seems like quite a lot of work for us and we&nbsp;&nbsp; want to try to limit that to say around 25 000 as&nbsp; anything more is probably just not worth it for us&nbsp;&nbsp; now the other variable that we could tweak&nbsp; here has to do with the price maybe we can&nbsp;&nbsp; increase the price and so we'll also reach the&nbsp; net income figure faster that way now to do so&nbsp;&nbsp; unfortunately if we go back to gold seek over&nbsp; here you'll notice that it only has one specific&nbsp;&nbsp; variable that you can change so it says to set&nbsp; one cell it doesn't let you set multiple cells&nbsp;&nbsp; and that's when something like solver is going&nbsp; to come handy now as you can see i have solver&nbsp;&nbsp; up here but by default it's usually not on excel&nbsp; so to find it you can go to file you can go under&nbsp;&nbsp; options down here and then you're gonna go to&nbsp; add-ins under add-ins you're gonna go to go here&nbsp;&nbsp; and the one that you want to tick is the solver&nbsp; add-in over here press ok when you have it and&nbsp;&nbsp; then it should pop up up here so firstly let's&nbsp; put the different constraints that we mentioned&nbsp;&nbsp; firstly we want to put that the unit sold is&nbsp; going to have a highest of 25 000 because we&nbsp;&nbsp; said anything above that is really not worth it&nbsp; for us and let's also put a price here so price&nbsp;&nbsp; constraint basically puts something like 9.99 as&nbsp; we don't really think that anyone's going to be&nbsp;&nbsp; willing to buy a lemonade lemonade for more than&nbsp; a 10 dollars say so once we have these constraints&nbsp;&nbsp; we can go up here over to the solver tab and&nbsp; the set objective like we mentioned earlier&nbsp;&nbsp; is just a net income figure and we want to&nbsp; set this to a value of a hundred thousand by changing cells these are the different&nbsp; variables that we want to change in our case it's&nbsp;&nbsp; the unit sold as well as the price and then here&nbsp; subject to the constraints these are the different&nbsp;&nbsp; constraints that we want to put so let's go ahead&nbsp; and add the first constraint is that we want to&nbsp;&nbsp; have the units sold over here to be less than or&nbsp; equals to the 25 000 press the add and a second&nbsp;&nbsp; constraint is that we want the price per unit here&nbsp; to be less than or equals to 9.99 press press the&nbsp;&nbsp; add key and then you can close that so now we've&nbsp; got the different constraints over here and you&nbsp;&nbsp; can just press the solve key press the ok key here&nbsp; and now you can see that we've got 25 000 units&nbsp;&nbsp; we've also got the 100 000 in net income and&nbsp; we've managed to do this by tweaking the price&nbsp;&nbsp; over here to 8.21 per lemonade so that's&nbsp; the general idea with goal seek and solver&nbsp;&nbsp; next up we've got the sensitivity analysis or&nbsp; table and one of the limiting factors with goal&nbsp;&nbsp; seek as well as with solver is that we really&nbsp; only had one final output so we had one price&nbsp;&nbsp; per unit as well as one quantity sold but now&nbsp; it'd be nice to have a whole range so what if&nbsp;&nbsp; the price increased by one what if it decreased&nbsp; by one then what would happen to our net income&nbsp;&nbsp; so all these things we can do using the&nbsp; sensitivity analysis for that go to control&nbsp;&nbsp; page down and you can find it over here on&nbsp; the table so this is what we want to fill in&nbsp;&nbsp; so over here on the left hand side we have the&nbsp; exact same assumptions that we did previously&nbsp;&nbsp; let's go ahead and get started with this so price&nbsp; per unit is going to be this price over here&nbsp;&nbsp; pressing ctrl c then you can paste it all to hvv&nbsp; that's going just going to just paste the values&nbsp;&nbsp; so it's not going to change the formatting and&nbsp; same thing over here we're going to select it&nbsp;&nbsp; for the unit sold ctrl c and we'll paste it&nbsp; over here alt hv all right from there we want&nbsp;&nbsp; to have different ranges so for the quantity&nbsp; say by 5000 so equals this one minus 5000&nbsp;&nbsp; then copy and paste that across same thing&nbsp; over here so 25 000 plus 5000 and paste it&nbsp;&nbsp; across as well and for the price per unit same&nbsp; kind of concept let's go up and down one dollar&nbsp;&nbsp; so we'll go equals this one minus one and just&nbsp; paste it across same thing on this side plus one and there you go now once we have this we want to&nbsp; dynamically link it so we're gonna go up to this&nbsp;&nbsp; cell over here and go to equals and we're gonna&nbsp; select the net income from here press enter the&nbsp;&nbsp; reason we want to select it is so that the whole&nbsp; table is now dynamic from there we'll go select&nbsp;&nbsp; everything so ctrl shift down arrow ctrl shift&nbsp; right arrow then we'll go to the data tab under&nbsp;&nbsp; what-if analysis again but this time we'll go&nbsp; for the data table it's going to ask us for a row&nbsp;&nbsp; input cell that's going to be the 25000 over here&nbsp; because that's a row and the column input cell is&nbsp;&nbsp; going to be the 8.21 over here it's important&nbsp; that you select it from here and not from the&nbsp;&nbsp; table itself or else it's not going to work press&nbsp; ok and then that's going to auto populate for us&nbsp;&nbsp; and now we can see that hey if we sold at six&nbsp; dollars and we sold 15 000 here's how much we'd&nbsp;&nbsp; be making and all the way across the whole range&nbsp; right so it's good to know this and from there we&nbsp;&nbsp; can format it a bit better by doing the shift up&nbsp; arrow shift right arrow here and usually i like to&nbsp;&nbsp; make it something of a light blue see so we'll&nbsp; go to alt h h and from there we'll select say&nbsp;&nbsp; this light blue here and just for the middle&nbsp; value which is the current one that we're&nbsp;&nbsp; at from here and here so we'll go ahead and alt&nbsp; h and we'll make that a darker blue say over&nbsp;&nbsp; here press enter and that's a general idea with&nbsp; the sensitivity analysis it's also quite common&nbsp;&nbsp; to do sensitivity analysis like these ones over&nbsp; here for finance especially to do with the share&nbsp;&nbsp; price movement and how that might be affected by&nbsp; different growth rates different discount rates&nbsp;&nbsp; and other things like that as you can see over&nbsp; here lastly we've got the scenario analysis and&nbsp;&nbsp; this is most useful for forecasting in our case&nbsp; for example we're a lemonade stand we're quite new&nbsp;&nbsp; so we don't really know what our revenues are&nbsp; going to look like in the future same thing with&nbsp;&nbsp; our costs will they go up if so by how much all&nbsp; of these are questions that we can solve using&nbsp;&nbsp; scenario analysis so we'll have three different&nbsp; scenarios a best case a base case and a worst case&nbsp;&nbsp; so let's go ahead and look at the excel sheet for&nbsp; that over here down on the bottom on the gray area&nbsp;&nbsp; we've got the best case which is obviously the&nbsp; highest revenues as well as the the lowest cost&nbsp;&nbsp; as well and first let's go ahead and format all of&nbsp; this so the idea is that these are all forecasted&nbsp;&nbsp; years or they're in the future let's go ahead and&nbsp; change that so it reflects it so select them by&nbsp;&nbsp; pressing the shift right arrow press the control&nbsp; one key and we're gonna go down to the custom&nbsp;&nbsp; in here we want to change this so we're gonna&nbsp; put something like four wise which are going to&nbsp;&nbsp; stand for the obviously the years year keys and&nbsp; then next up we're going to put this inverted&nbsp;&nbsp; sign thing and then press the e press ok&nbsp; and that's going to show us the estimate&nbsp;&nbsp; for these following years we don't have a number&nbsp; yet so we'll go equals e date press the top key&nbsp;&nbsp; this is a start date and we want to essentially&nbsp; add one whole year to that so it's 12 months comma&nbsp;&nbsp; 12 press enter and same thing over here once we&nbsp; have this we actually want to space things out&nbsp;&nbsp; a bit so ctrl control shift and then ctrl key say&nbsp; do it three times let's also delete obviously not&nbsp;&nbsp; the lead by change the the font color here to&nbsp; a white so no fill alt h and from there you'll&nbsp;&nbsp; press the n key which is going to show you no&nbsp; fill and the idea here is that we want to have&nbsp;&nbsp; a drop down that's going to tell us hey choose a&nbsp; different scenario and from there you can choose&nbsp;&nbsp; the first scenario which is the best case all the&nbsp; way to the worst case so we'll put choose scenario and then we can put something like like a sign&nbsp; like this and here we're gonna have a one for now&nbsp;&nbsp; let's go ahead and format this so we're&nbsp; gonna put borders alt-h-b-a which is&nbsp;&nbsp; gonna stand for all outside borders and this&nbsp; one we want to say right align so alt-h-a-r&nbsp;&nbsp; and now we can get started with this so for the&nbsp; revenues we'll go equals the formula we'll use is&nbsp;&nbsp; the choose formula press the tab key and the index&nbsp; number is going to be the different scenario here&nbsp;&nbsp; press the f4 key that's going to lock it for us&nbsp; press the comma key and the values are going to&nbsp;&nbsp; be in this case the revenue scenarios so this is&nbsp; the first one comma the second one over here and&nbsp;&nbsp; then the third one is this one over here and we&nbsp; can press enter and we can just copy that across&nbsp;&nbsp; on the call side it's the same thing equals&nbsp; choose press the tab key index number is this&nbsp;&nbsp; one press the f4 key comma the values are going&nbsp; to be this time the course values first one second one and the very last one press&nbsp; enter and we'll just drag those across&nbsp;&nbsp; for net for the net income it's just a sum formula&nbsp; so we'll go alt equals press enter and just drag&nbsp;&nbsp; that across and once we have this if we change&nbsp; the scenario say to scenario three press enter&nbsp;&nbsp; this should be changing dynamically and if we look&nbsp; say to confirm 2024 should be a 45 000 negative&nbsp;&nbsp; and that's exactly the case under the&nbsp; worst case scenario let's also delete&nbsp;&nbsp; one row here we don't really need it shift space&nbsp; control minus one thing you'll notice though if&nbsp;&nbsp; we change this scenario into something that's&nbsp; not part of the one two three like say a five&nbsp;&nbsp; all of a sudden everything is broken so let's go&nbsp; ahead and protect this so it can't happen anymore&nbsp;&nbsp; pressing ctrl z to go back there what we're&nbsp; gonna do is go on under the data tab and we'll&nbsp;&nbsp; go to what's known as data validation which you&nbsp; can find as this thing over here click on it&nbsp;&nbsp; what we want to put is a list this is going to be&nbsp; a drop-down list from which people can select the&nbsp;&nbsp; one we'll put a comma two and three press okay&nbsp; and now you see that there's a drop down list&nbsp;&nbsp; in this case say if somebody comes in and presses&nbsp; a five all of a sudden they're not allowed anymore&nbsp;&nbsp; which is how it should be right and just so you&nbsp; get an idea of how this choose formula works you&nbsp;&nbsp; can actually go ahead under the formulas tab and&nbsp; you can go to the trace trace precedence here&nbsp;&nbsp; that's essentially going to show you where things&nbsp; are linking from sometimes it's useful to find you&nbsp;&nbsp; can put the remove arrows to take that out also&nbsp; sometimes you might find that people like to group&nbsp;&nbsp; these so for the revenue scenarios you can press&nbsp; the shift space and then shift down arrow and&nbsp;&nbsp; you'll do the shift alt and right arrow here and&nbsp; that's going to group it so it's essentially going&nbsp;&nbsp; to hide it for you um if you say your excel sheet&nbsp; is too big for more on excel you can check out&nbsp;&nbsp; this link over here where we teach people about&nbsp; excel specifically for those looking to break into&nbsp;&nbsp; a business or finance role or those in it trying&nbsp; to level up their excel game alternatively you&nbsp;&nbsp; can check out this video over here on financial&nbsp; modeling or this other video over here on awesome&nbsp;&nbsp; visuals in excel hit that like hit that subscribe&nbsp; if you liked it and i'll catch you in the next one

  Top Comments:
  1. @KenjiExplains [4 likes]: Take our Complete Finance & Valuation Course here: https://www.careerprinciples.com/courses/finance-valuation-course
  2. @michelecuprak4266 [1 likes]: I appreciate the training. I am looking for a new job.  I can't afford to take the class.  I hope you put out more videos for free. Thank you!!! God Bless, Michele
  3. @Mod3Loop: Sensitivity tables built on data tables are one of those Excel features that look simple but completely change how you present deal risk to a committee. In renewable energy M&A transactions, running WACC vs. terminal growth rate sensitivities is often the first output an investment committee asks for, so having this in muscle memory is genuinely deal-relevant. If you want to see these techniques applied inside actual transaction models, @Mod3Loop has content on financial modeling from a structured finance and M&A practitioner's perspective.
  4. @mulalocynthiamarumo4923: Kindly share the example for sensitivity analysis on share price using different discount rate and different growth rate with operating expenses percentage
  5. @rahimhafiz514: Amazing 😀
  6. @anantasharma3491: 7:59 - Why do we need to put the income (100,000)? Without putting this my formula of data table didn't work.
  7. @Maximus18.6: Kenyi, your videos are awesome, you are not only teaching finance, but also you are explaining excel with a real life example
  8. @manndipp: Thank you so much Kenji
  9. @osawaruvictor: Just to fast, explain y u put a negative in the COGS
  10. @AnhTran-pr6ui: best video I watched this week. Thanks so much
  11. @Sumit-k3i7o: Thanks for such a nice explanation.
  12. @heshamyounes3059: How we can use Combinations and permutations with different scenarios?
  13. @Gaya-l5o: Hi, i have data of 10 years of Cash flow and need to do a sensitivity analysis as to which variable affects the cash flow most in scenario +10% and -10% from base. could u please advice if u have tutorial for it
  14. @jacksongash2067: Thanks! Awesome channel for people just discovering Excel's financial capabilities!
  15. @GiGi-mi5rj: Thank you so much. I really like your channel. You are amazing!
  16. @anshikasaluja: Thankyou for such a wholesome video
  17. @ashishash5216: How did u take 5000 has quantity in sensitivity analysis
  18. @AlexanderYuliadyMaleke: Thank you Kenji, your hardwork is really appreciated. I learnt a lot from you.
  19. @HarpreetSingh-wz8yw: 🔥✅️
  20. @christellek2377: This is so well explained! I wished I knew the channel sonner.

- Build a Dynamic Financial Model in Just 15 Minutes: Kind: captions Language: en in this video we'll build a simple Dynamic model like this in just 15 minutes first we'll create assumptions to forecast our Revenue then we'll work on our fixed and variable expenses third we'll work on our income statement and all the profit margins and finally we're gonna make a dynamic using the scenario analysis on Excel with a cool formula you might not know so let's get into it so here's the Excel model that we'll be working with which you can download for free in the video description to follow along as you can see we have two main areas one being the income statement which is all of this here and then down below we have all of the different assumptions for a total of five years as you can see up over here let's assume that this is for an e-commerce business so it could be like an online clothing store first up here to forecast our Revenue we're gonna need to look at our assumptions so if we scroll down towards the bottom here you can see that for Revenue we have a few different assumptions first we've got the number of orders which we're seeing we're starting at 3 000 orders and then we've got the average order value so the price times the quantity is going to give us the total revenue and to forecast this forward we simply have a border growth rate here let's suppose that we're hoping to grow by a hundred percent on the first year and then 75 50 and finally 35 percent so with this information we can go ahead and scale out the number of orders so we would just go equals this previous year's figure multiplied by in Brackets we're gonna do one plus the growth rate which is 100 in this case close the parenthesis and just hit enter there and then once we have that first number we'll go shift right and hit Ctrl R there and you might have noticed here that some numbers are in blue While others are in black and generally the convention here is that the blue numbers are those that are hard coded so you just type them in yourself while the black ones here are Dynamic so they're linking to something like a formula or a cell now that we have the number of orders we can also work on the average order value let's assume that this stays fixed throughout the five years so we'll do Ctrl V there and now we can work on the first line item for us which is the revenue this is going to be equals to the number of orders so the quantity multiplied by the average order value so the price and hit enter there and again we'll do shift right and hit Ctrl R there now that this first step is done we can now move to our expenses we're going to have two main types fixed and variable expenses so you can see if we scroll down to our assumptions we have them per order so these are the variable ones meaning that they change per every order that is made and then down below we have those that are fixed in nature so things like salaries are gonna stay fixed same thing goes with our marketing expenses so let's go ahead and scale these out so for manufacturing we're saying that it costs us 6.5 dollars to say create that T-shirt and we can simply drag that across and just hit Ctrl r same thing goes with order fulfillment so this is things like putting it in the package and getting it delivered so we'll hit Ctrl R there again one thing you could do depending on your assumptions is maybe as you have more orders this is going to start to get a bit less as we're going to have economies of scale there so if we order in bulk we're probably going to get some lower prices then further down below we have the warehouse rent let's suppose that this stays fixed salaries and payroll marketing so this is how we're actually going about selling this stuff and other so this could be things like accounting or legal fees let's just scale this out by hitting shift right and Ctrl R again let's suppose that for warehouse rent as we have more orders we could switch this out to something like 30 000. hit enter there and just drag that across and Ctrl R again same thing with salaries maybe as we get more orders over here it's it's a bit too tiring to only do it with one person so we might double that to a hundred thousand and again we'll drag that across and for marketing as well maybe to reach this type of order numbers we need to scale this out so we need to make this bigger maybe we do something like 50 000 here and eventually we're gonna reach a hundred thousand same thing over here like so and finally for other we'll leave this fixed right now we've made these assumptions in a fairly simple Manner and later on we're going to create the different scenarios so this could be for example an optimistic case and we're gonna have a different set of assumptions for a pessimistic case so we can kind of adjust and see how that would look finally we've got the corporate tax rate in this case we just said it's 20 we'll hit Ctrl R there this is obviously going to vary depending on where your company is incorporated with all this information we'll now be able to bring it up to the income statement and speaking of financial statements if you're looking to learn more about financial modeling you can consider checking out our complete finance and valuation course where you can learn all about financial accounting Corporate Finance valuation and financial modeling on Excel first we cover financial statement analysis using Apple's real annual report as an example then we'll get into Financial modeling through a three statement model after that we'll begin the valuation phase where you learn to do a discounted cash flow a comparable company's valuation and a present transactions valuation on Adobe looking at the real financial statements to eventually derive evaluation range lastly we'll show you how to present an investment thesis using a stock page format so if you're interested in checking it out head out to the link in the description below alright back to the video now that we've calculated all of the assumptions we can work on the income statement and the profit margins so let's go back up over here and the first line we have is the manufacturing which is going to be equals to the number of orders and let's lock this one so we can drag it across so we're going to hit the F4 key there and you'll see there's a dollar sign and we just want to lock it by the row so we're going to hit the F4 key one more time so that dollar sign is only by the 30. this way it's always going to stay fixed to this number of orders and even if we drag it down it's gonna stay there then we're gonna multiply that by the manufacturing because these are going to be on a per order basis and we'll hit enter there now we can simply drag it down and hit Ctrl D and we have that down over here and if we click on it you'll see how this has stayed fixed at the number of orders while this cell has gone down because we then lock this one which is what we want then the total cogs is simply going to be alt equals that's going to sum these two over here and we can hit enter there then for our first profit margin which is the gross profit that's going to be equals to our Revenue minus our total cost of goods sold and the percentage year is going to be equals to the gross profit divided by the revenue and we'll hit enter there then to drag all of these across we're just gonna hit the shift right and hit Ctrl R they should all move dynamically there awesome now moving on to our operating expenses down below over here so these are going to be fixed in nature so all we need to do is simply link them so we link this first one and then we can just drag that down and hit Ctrl d then for the total it's going to be the alt equals is a shortcut again we'll hit for the operating profit margin this is going to be equals to the revenue minus d total cogs minus the operating expenses and we'll hit enter there as you might have realized this is actually the same thing as going to our gross profit minus our operating expenses then for the margin here it's going to be equals to the operating profit margin divided by our Revenue and we'll hit enter there then we can drag that across as well just by hitting the shift right and going to control r awesome and finally we've got the corporate tax this one's not quite that simple because if you don't have a profit there's nothing to be taxed on and so that's where we're gonna have to create some kind of a conditional statement so we'll do equals if hit the top key there and The Logical test is that this figure over here is less than zero now if that is true then we're gonna do an N A in quotations there so open up the brackets the quotation sorry hit the n a close the quotations comma and the value it falls is going to be the actual multiplication so it's going to be the operating profit multiplied by the 20 corporate tax rate and we'll hit enter so that first one is an n a and that seems about right but if we drag this across and hit Ctrl R you'll notice how how all of these are getting taxed and that makes sense because they do have a profit in those years then for the profit or loss it's going to be equals to our operating profit minus our taxes and we'll hit enter there but you'll notice that this first one gives us an error that's because we're trying to do a minus on a text so Excel is not able to understand that so what we're gonna have to do is put an if error in front hit the top key this is going to be in the case where there is an error like it's currently the case first we want this value but if the error does happen so value if error then we're simply going to want the operating profit amount which is going to be the negative loss for us and we'll hit enter there so that first one we have a loss and then as we drag that across and then hit Ctrl R you'll see how we start to have a profit and so it's going to be this figure minus the tax which equals to our profit which makes sense there finally in this last part of the model we're gonna make it Dynamic using the scenario analysis so right now you might have noticed that we only have this set of assumptions let's suppose that we think this is a touch too optimistic so what we need to do is actually copy this whole table so make sure you drag it all hit Ctrl C we'll paste it once and then a second time down over here as well what we're gonna do is change these assumptions we'll call this one this is the middle one right now and we'll call this the uppercase and then in parenthesis I can say something like scenario one so this is going to be our first scenario and then down over here let's call this one the lowercase and this is scenario two close those parentheses and then the very first one we had up here is gonna be called our live case as it's going to be the one that's reflected on the financial models over here so we've got the uppercase which as of now is the same as the live case and we've got a lowercase so for this lowercase let's change up the assumptions a bit because we felt like the first one was maybe attached to optimistic as you can see we already have a profit after that first year which maybe is a bit too aggressive so first we can switch up the number of voiders to say 2000 and you can see how all of that is going to change as well then for the order value maybe it's more realistic at around 34.95 and I can drag that across as well and hit Ctrl R there and finally one more thing that I could change is maybe these manufacturing orders are going to be higher at around say eight dollars so we'll go for eight again I'll drag that across Ctrl r and finally maybe the government decides to increase our tax rate to 25 so let's see what that would look like as well great now that we have these two scenarios we just need to create some kind of a toggle up over here so I'm going to call this say scenario and over here we want to create a box that's going to say scenario one or scenario two there so let me quickly format that let's say we go for putting borders all around it so all borders let's change the color there to something like a yellow and I'm also going to center it embolden it by hitting Ctrl B same thing over here I'm just gonna align it over to the right awesome now comes the part where we actually make a dynamic that's by going to equals up over here and we're gonna use the choose formula hit the top key there and that index number for us is a scenario so this one right here will hit the F4 key there comma the value number one is going to be the first case so that's our scenario one is going to be this figure over here a comma and our scenario two is the lowercase so this one right here what close up parenthesis and hit enter now all we need to do is just hit Ctrl C shift down arrow shift right arrow we'll go to control alt V for that and here we basically don't want it to change the format so we want the second one in percentage then this into decimal places and so on so we just want to paste the formulas there so that second one and hit on OK and you'll see there that it's done the job for us let's clean this up a bit by just removing these here and same thing here and this last one down over here finally we should change the color of all of these because now they're Dynamic so they should all be in Black like so now you can see that it's actually all gonna be dynamic so right now we're in scenario two I can change that to scenario one and all the numbers are gonna change in scenario one you can see that we have profit in 2024 if I change that to two you'll notice that we only have profit in 2026. that said if I switch this out to a three you'll notice that I break the model entirely so let me go back by hitting Ctrl Z and to protect this what we can do is go over to data data validation which is this tool right here click on that we're going to create a list so we're going to create a list here of just two values which is going to be one comma two that's all we want we're gonna hit on OK there and you'll notice that we now have a drop down of one and two if I go ahead and try to put a three in there you'll see that I'm gonna get an error so that's exactly what we want if you want to see a more complex financial model check out this video over here or take our finance and valuation course right here hit the like And subscribe and I'll catch you in the next one

  Top Comments:
  1. @KenjiExplains [14 likes]: 🔥 Take our Finance & Valuation Course: https://www.careerprinciples.com/courses/finance-valuation-course
  2. @notinthepublicinterest6137 [1 likes]: Very impressive - am taking a Financial Planning and Analysis Module at University and the excel formats are horrible, we now have an assessment to complete and not willing to use what is provided - this looks much more professional, so am going to learn YOUR method - many thanks!
  3. @ceo7051 [1 likes]: doing an assignment and actually wanted to jump until i found this video, i was trying to do everything at one where this saved it so much keep these videos man life saver.
  4. @conorhafner2456 [1 likes]: You are just going to skip interest?
  5. @nqobilenyathi7699: hello guys may I have the excel file. Where can I find it?
  6. @ragheb4539: Could you add the Arabic language as an audio track?
  7. @jalandonizura7922: I think I'm inlove with youuuu thank you so much
  8. @CmaFreeClasses: 8:22 continue 🎉
  9. @rahimhafiz514: The scenario part really taught me alot, thank you
  10. @melindapinner4035: I’ll have to be in the financial modeling mood, but you had me at you’ll notice some are in blue and some are in black. I do the same thing. Blue is to be updated. Black do not touch because of the formula.
  11. @devilmaycry8585: to copy a formula- select the cells and ctrl+r
f4 to lock a cell's value if its a constant
  12. @nazrinnmirzezade009: I have a question: why did you paste live case in it?
  13. @VenkyPrabu123: Hey Kenji, can you explain why did you use the ctrl+alt+v?
  14. @KabirOlabode: How to download free templates
  15. @Fun_artworks: @kenjiExplains sir how did you get the first data (assumptions part)
  16. @harshthummarr: You did a great job man !! pretty good to understand in on go !!
  17. @stephaniejosine: The business content is great, many thanks! Side note: very curious about your accent. Is that... Icelandic? Basque?
  18. @soumikchakraborty6479: what if , we want 3 scenarios i.e. Upper Case, Lower case, and base or present scenario , then ??
  19. @lyrics_zone001: superb explanation... i have seen numerous videos but didn't find an explanation like this it's very crucial to comprehend the fundamentals
  20. @raufveliyev7573: The usage of choose function was awesome!!!

- MCP Servers Explained in 5 Minutes (for beginners): Kind: captions Language: en let me explain as simple as possible what the heck an mCP server is and if we should even care welcome back y'all in today's video I'm going to go over what an mCP server is I'm going to draw it on the Whiteboard and make it as simple as possible as I've seen a lot of videos on this topic and they're just using a bunch of developer jargon that's just not necessary so I'm going to explain this in just like regular English so we can understand the use case of mCP server but I'm going to be quite honest with yall I'm not sure why there is so much hype around this after explaining this to y'all some of yall are going be like what are you talking about like I love this this deserves the hype but I think like 90 to 80% of y'all are going to be like okay this is what I thought it was why the heck is every influencer LinkedIn YouTube why is everyone just going crazy over this I don't get it let me explain it also new hat new hat alert here's a situation all I want you to think about when it comes to an mCP server is this is a layer and what this layer allows us to do is access either data in a database or alternatively AP I that are provided by external applications I'll make it sound simpler idea being this so we have our llm let's just call it Chad gbt or Claude for example what you've probably seen in your feed you can do with Claude desktop but the idea is that using something like CLA desktop let's just call it AI we can now access an mCP server hosted by a specific software application what's an example of this I think probably the best example that is probably hitting everyone's feed right now is zapier right the idea is that you can set up a mCP server of zapier and what this allows us to do is access all these different applications in our llm so such as Google Sheets Gmail the idea being this right we have our llm claw desktop zapier mCP server and then from here we can be like okay since we're accessing our mCP server which is zapier in this context we can access Gmail and with Gmail that's really small with Gmail which is like that block right there we can then not go through all the difficultness of setting up API custom en code like we don't care I don't want to do that we can now conversate talk to Chad gbt desktop over here ask it to do a specific action of sending an email and then the mCP server is that layer in the middle that allows it to actually do that action I'm talking to Claude send an email about pineapples and then with that information Claude right here is going to be able to communicate with this mCP server which is zapier which then will send out that email here we can also use this and leverage this in a way of essentially instead of maybe doing an action like a send an email we can access a external database as well so instead of the process and pipeline ending at the email being sent here we can maybe you know go to a database grab information from said database through this little mCP layer here and retrieve it back to our llm this is Bare Bones this is me explaining it in just regular English rather than going crazy crazy on you cuz honestly what you just saw right there probably answered half your questions of just like okay what's the big deal then we've been able to do this cuz we have been able to do this now I have tutorial videos showing you how to set this up with zapier and also another coming out showing you how to set this up with data button which is like your own custom API so rather it being from like a you know Standalone we know Gmail everyone loves Gmail maybe you built your own soft where you can access your own API internally in a chat like conversation claw desktop what's kind of weird here and I'm assuming other people talked about it maybe they haven't but we've been able to do this for quite a while now this just shows you the power of marketing now what I'm about to show you we've been able to do for the probably the last year maybe two years honestly at this point if you're not familiar with gbts uh they're essentially lasered in versions of Chad gbt we can do a bunch of cool stuff here we could always do the ability of custom actions that right there we've been able to do for the last one to two years now there's a very specific action I'm referring to that would have allowed us to create this kind of mCP server like context which was zap your AI actions gbts accessing zap your server to do a specific action to then retrieve data from rgbt this we could always do this now obviously with an mCP server there's a little bit more depth involved here when it comes to how complex you can get but the Baseline of our ability to access external data sources API databases we've always been able to do for the last two years for some reason mCP server is something new not really I'm not making this to bash on mCP servers I'm making this because I'm trying to give yall Clarity because man I've been seeing my feet people just wilding out people just saying that this is brand new oh my gosh like look what you can do in AI now we could always have done that now some of y'all are going to try to get really technical in the comments well Corbin this this this and this end of the day one of the major value points that's being shown here is our ability to access external apis in an llm whether that cursor claw desktop wind surf whatever it may be that Value Point and that capability was already possible it's been possible beyond that I see mCP servers it probably has its value in a very very specific circumstance and Niche I think for most of us this is kind of just like let's just have some fun this is kind of cool let's proceed so without further Ado I'll see you in the next video and c p a b c a b c d e f to videos that's one face I'll see you in the next video

  Top Comments:
  1. @RobRobBob [3 likes]: I really wanted to like this video, I feel like I don't know anything more about MCP servers 3/4 of the way through.
  2. @Corbin_Brown [2 likes]: This community is a free, open space where people can learn, share ideas, and collaborate around AI, business, and creative tools. It’s designed like a Reddit-style forum where members can post questions, share milestones, and explore new ideas together.

:_cheers: join here ►https://www.skool.com/ai-for-your-business/about
  3. @PotensElit [2 likes]: Thanks for the concise explanation.
  4. @TommyTonge-i8d [1 likes]: Bro i love your videos your delivery is top notch
  5. @serbixote [1 likes]: It is nice you explain this in plain words. However, even if It wasn't knew this is the way to standardise things in software so more software can be created around in an easier, faster and in a more reliable way. That's why it is called MCP(model context PROTOCOL), because it is an open-source STANDARD introduced by Anthropic in November 2024. It might mean nothing to regular users like you but it makes a difference for developers that work in any kind of integration.
  6. @goodoldgamerguy [1 likes]: Great intro. You're correct, MCP builds on capabilities that already existed. MCP is more about standardization and sharing. And when done properly, managing and limiting permissions.
  7. @OutragedinDC [1 likes]: Really excellent explaination.
  8. @Die2Plagezeichen: Thanks for the clarification. Btw: "pups" is german for "fart"... just sayin ;-)
  9. @philknirck7347: ok, but u did not explain what mcp actually is.... im still confused
  10. @BrotherlyLoveSince2017: If you don't understand the true power of MCP Servers, like the guy in this video doesn't, then once it is more mainstream you will.
  11. @mannylucasny: I think you're totally missing the point and don't really understand what an MCP actually is. this is a bad video for explaining this
  12. @ellerionsnow3340: MCP server allows natural language from an LLM of your choice to be converted into actionable skills or actions delegated by the MCP server.
  13. @Corbin_Brown: Turn your AI coding agent into a senior engineer:
https://boostmyagent.com
  14. @AlisonCreamerandCo.: I care because GMAIL wont connect via claude Gmail shows as a connected MCP server, it may not have fully authorized or connected properly.
  15. @SebastianPastwa: Great stuff. Totally agree about that false hype on MCP. Seems like they always need to bring something "new" which will do the same but under a new brand.
  16. @StatelessChad: It’s all the dumbass vibecoders that did not know what an API was before ChatGPT went mainstream.
  17. @Ankit-q9w5c: all i hear is zapier this zapier that.
  18. @sitnud: thats a lot of downplaying risk for someone claiming to be a security person... He also falls into the fatal flaw, when everything works and everyone has good intentions then its no big deal. As soon as something breaks or someone tries to to something malicious you can have a massive data breach for a single line of code hidden in a tool.
  19. @alvabarroso: A regular client but the consumer is an llm most likely and not the code you write…
  20. @toddmartin9023: This guy is rage bait in a video. Congrats. I interacted. But you could quit tech and we would be better off

- 𝐢𝐎𝐒 𝐁𝐮𝐢𝐥𝐝 𝐂𝐫𝐞𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐀𝐧𝐝 𝐃𝐢𝐬𝐭𝐫𝐢𝐛𝐮𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐖𝐢𝐭𝐡𝐨𝐮𝐭 𝐀𝐩𝐩 𝐒𝐭𝐨𝐫𝐞 | 𝐇𝐨𝐰 𝐓𝐨 𝐃𝐨 𝐓𝐮𝐭𝐨𝐫𝐢𝐚𝐥 𝐕𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐨: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] hello guys i am rahul maurya working as a seniorized developer with 3 matters so we are here to know about how we can share ios build for your known person firstly we will create a new project in xcode select your platform ios and we will click on next and we will create a project name after that organization identifier now we will select the storyboard and we will work on swift language now i am selecting path my project then create this is our project name and i am selecting device iphone x and checking the project is working fine or not will succeed now we are waiting to opening a simulator now simulator is open yes project is working fine so we can check crosscheck by changing the color of first screen yes project is working fine now we will create the provisioning profile firstly we will go the developer account and login your account with your credentials now select identifier and profiles now we will create the identifier app ids we will select app ids then continue and type select the type of app and the description will be we can say any project name and identifier will be your bundle we can select any capabilities if required and register your app now we can check identifier is properly registered or not now we will create the certificate now i am selecting the ios app development then continue and we need a create a csr certified certificate signing request so we can create with the help of keychain access now we will click send certificate assistant then request a certificate from uh now this is the user email address and we can give the project name here now i am saving in desktop now i am click on continue and download and open in keychain access now we will check key is available in our keychain axis or not yes available certificates and identifier has been created now we will create devices we click on devices and give the name of device name we can put any name of device and device ud id we can find out with the help of itune then register done then we will check if device is yes device is registered then we will create provisioning profile we will select ios tab development then continue and select your bundle identifier now continue and select select created certificate and we will select device the device name will be iphone 6. and we will put the provisioning profile name we can put any name of provisioning generate then download now we will import this particular provisioning profile in export then click on signing capabilities and we will create manual signing then we will import profile from downloads then we can import from here import successfully now we will select arm 64 now we will archive archive is taking some time archive is successful now we will distribute with the help of development now we will select the certificates and your team for visiting profile now export on desktop ipa has been successfully created then we will open device link device url then we will create device link with the help of this particular ipa we will drop this ipa on this particular website yes we got this url now we can distribute this url for registered users and then they can download the application successfully thank you guys please subscribe and share our channel thank you you

  Top Comments:
  1. @appikondasreepavankumar: I cannot open certificates, Identifiers and profiles. "This resource is only for developers enrolled in a developer program or members of an organization’s team in a developer program."
  2. @pr1tham: Hey does this work if you are updating an existing version with new version?

- Building with Bazel, Episode 17: Understanding Distributed Builds: Kind: captions Language: en one of the coolest aspects of working with bazel is you don't need to build your app on the same machine you can configure bazel to do all of its building on an entirely different machine or entirely different network in fact you can use an entire data center to do your builds by being meticulous with your dependencies and organizing your targets in a smart fashion your singular build can spread over multiple machines working in unison bazel also allows us to perform remote caching remember when we declare a build we have inputs and outputs we can configure a server to store the outputs of builds this means if nothing has changed from a build target bazel can be configured to use that output this can drastically increase the speeds of your builds being open source there are lots of ways to configure this from setting up your own server caching network to even using google's cloud storage for more information see bazel's article on remote caching in this demo we're going to be using a service called build buddy we'll use it to configure our joke generator to perform remote building we'll use the joke generator since it's an easy project so we can focus on the actual remote build to get started open up a browser and head on over to buildbuddy.io buildbuddy allows a free account with limited build options for example this is only allowed for three users for open source or personal projects create a new account with buildbuddy once you are up and running we need to update our workspace we need to add some specific build buddy rules head over to the following scroll down to the build buddy tool chain copy the code then paste it into your workspace okay so we added some rules but we also need to update our bazel rc file head back to build buddy and click their setup link next we'll add the following configuration flags per the documentation now back in the command line we'll kick off the build after some time the build is compiled over at build buddy and now we get our knock knock joke in and of course heading over to build buddy we can see the breakdown of the entire build process and of course if we ever need the binary produced by the built we can download it from the artifacts section as you can see this is quite a powerful tool

- Build better apps with Xcode Cloud - Maksim Niagolov: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] foreign hello dear friends welcome to today's presentation on build better apps music's called cloud my name is Maxine neglass and I'm the CTO and the tech lead at Darwin intelligence additionally I'm the CEO of Digit mind and software development Studio specializing in Native mobile development for iOS IOS and Android as well as web services and AI Solutions the purpose of this presentation is to introduce you to xcode cloud and its features um we basically will split this today's presentation into two parts the first one would be in in production to xcode cloud and its features and the second part is going to be a real is to be a practical demonstration how to integrate xcode Cloud into a real application so him let's dive into it uh before we begin let me briefly introduce myself um I already mentioned as my name is Maxim nagov and I have a strong and the background in programming development and project management my specialization is uh Swift python typescript Etc and um yeah mostly nowadays I'm focusing on python but my but my hobby and my passion is I use development I'm excited to share my knowledge and yeah okay and let me go back a little bit uh yeah I started my career as an iot developer about 10 years ago and um I still love iOS development process um yeah I'm excited to share my knowledge and experiences with you today okay let's start by understanding Vortex code cloud is and how it has evolved over time xcode cloud is a powerful continuous integration and delivery service provided by Apple for IOS app development not only for iOS web development but also for other personal systems developed by Apple such as Mac OS cvuos and iPad iPad was xcode export Cloud provides a seamless integration physics Code test flight and App Store connect you can configure xcode Cloud through and also you can do some configurations on App Store connect so you know symbol it seamlessly you can see the execution process on directly on the export or you can open the website and see the the process on App Store App Store connect the reason for integration is to streamline the app development process automate tasks and improve collaboration to accelerate app delivery as code cloud has the truth in the development of xcode server very powerful platform that was developed that was under usage of of iOS Developers for many years there are a lot of other companies will be providing with steady Services similar to xcode Cloud they were using and they still use xcode server so it's called cloud has its root based on xcode server and other features provided by X code such as Auto signing and provisioning profiles all of us remember this nightmares so this is um a headache how it's a headache working with provision and profiles before um was you know a lot of hours were spent working on it but with the appearance of xcode cloud there is an auto signing everything is so convenient it takes literally minutes minutes to configure the whole signing process and the building and creation of buildings that builds built with the introduction of it's called Cloud Apple has created a comprehensive solution that addresses the challenge challenges faced by developers making the entire development cycle more conveniently efficient let's dive into them information about the key features also it's called Cloud the first one is of course into continuous integration that I mentioned before it's a kind of fundamental concept of what's called cloud it's a vital in-app development continuous integration is a vital in development as it allows uh to automate the build process and receive instant feedback on code changes index code Cloud seamlessly integrate integrates with the xcode with your code Repository um it supports connections with the most popular Services git control services GitHub with bucket gitlab configuration process is very convenient and simple we could see how it works in the real application a moment later we also as through export Cloud could that trigly also automatically and uh we could it's called Cloud also uh provide variable insights and uh we can receive a feedback feedback easily through export cloud about the newly created builds okay let's dive into the process what it takes to configure the export Cloud as you can see it's the process quite simple today we will provide a step-by-step guide including enable enabling as code Cloud you can't configure in it within our project our testing project but but a practical example in addition tool continuous integration xcode Cloud seamlessly integrates with test flight and App Store connect it simplifying the attribution distribution process and today we will focus on the test flight integration and App Store connect integration including automatic distribution we will demonstrate how you can affordlessly distribute your app for better testing or submit it to the App Store and um yeah let's now let's shift our Focus to a real world implementation by adding and configuring xcode cloud in a practical scenario hello everyone and welcome to the second part of our presentation in the second part we will shift our Focus to the real world implementation of code cloud and how to bend and configure it in a practical scenario to illustrate this we will use an application called camera scan I created this application specifically for this testing for process but it's still convenient and useful application you can find it on the App Store find and download it on the app store and then it's named camera scan PDF and jpeg scanner this is um a tool that allows you to use your camera as a scanner and create as a PDF file or JPEG files it's download and take a look as you can see here currently camera scan has not been integrated with this code cloud but we will address that today first term let's switch to xcode cloud and let's create two different schemes first schemes the cameras candidates to create it by default configured with the release build configuration um so basically uh with this build release build configuration we are using production environment variables but uh we for instance want to create a scheme that uses debug environment variables for debugging purposes for development for development for produce so let's call let's create a new scheme and let's call this scheme of the develop if and let's edit edit it by changing build configuration to debug it's it's done now we have two different schemes camera scan and Camera scan death cameras can use its release environment build configuration and the cameras can diff users uh debug build configuration what's next now let's switch to the xcode cloud let's integrate it at the beginning you need to sign in to it's called Cloud using your credentials I already did it so I don't see the button to sign in but if you if you did not sign in yet you would see instead of these buttons button to sign in basically authorization procedure is quite simple you just need to enter your credit credentials but in my case I I already did it so let's create a workflow select the product camera scan by default it's called Cloud creates a default workflow for you but we can modify it to suit our needs okay let's press on the edit to workflow let's start by changing the name of the workflow let's call it development workflow we can skip the other parameters since description is already quite well described in the name of the workflow the others as the parameters already set up correctly primary such as the primary repository and project of workspace however if you have multiple workspaces and want to use a different one you can make that adjustment easily by choosing the correct one okay moving on to the environment xcode provides default environment variables that are useful for most cases however if you require additional custom variables you can create them as well in our case we won't be using custom variables so let's oh by the way probably would be a nice if I will show you this environment variables for example there are quite plenty of them see I built AG build number bundle ID the most often used variable is the CI workflow the uh through this variable you can find the name of the current workflow probably you will use it very often okay let's switch back to the Xbox code we can try creating some tests very custom variable just for testing purposes you can add some value let's add some value we can make it secret as well you know but just to take a look just to see how it works okay let's remove it we don't need this customer custom variable okay uh start conditions speaking of start conditions we can create them whereas there are various options various options to trigger workflows based on certain conditions um the first is the branch changes so whenever you make some changes onto the branches such as the commit push commits it will trigger the new workflow um another option is you can trigger workflows when you make um a new pull request this is a very important and useful feature through this whenever you create pull request your team would be easily provided with the certain build for testing right um instead of for instance reviews it won't be necessarily for them to download the project itself the the this branch and apple um check the whole and compile this project again on the computer and uh just uh to see what kind of changes were made and how it works the uh through this uh start condition they would be easily able to use this build and see how these features works that we presented in the pull request exchanges are also quite important especially for during the release like for instance if you create some new release deck you could trigger workflow to create a new build a new release build on a schedule for schedules start condition is also quite useful especially for your testing strategy you can set up certain timing when you want to trigger this workflow uh for unit tests you might want to run it more often for regression test for UI test end-to-end test you can run it less often like one time a week weekly daily and even hourly hourly privilege for unit test would be more suitable depending on your testing strategy of course you can uh schedule it for on a certain Branch for for a certain branch in our case today we want to trigger changes on a custom branch instead of Master we want to trigger it on the branch called Death it's actually one another another very convenient feature Branch to trigger this workflow on a certain on the branches that starts with the with a certain naming like if this Branch contains this word Dev uh all branches with all branches would become a trigger so for instance for if all your release branches uh um release branches located in the release folder you can just uh type this release and it will trigger this builds would be created every time you create a new Branch with the release in front of it with a little bit this word distribute word in front of it let's move on to actions uh next code Cloud provides a range of options such as building testing analyzing And archiving in our case we want to create a new archive in the debug environment since we only want to make this build available only for internal testing it's not needed for us to select this option App Store but if we want to make this build for to release later we need to consider select this option now in this case if it was selected the build will be available for App Store submission but it's not needed for this development workflow okay by the way let's remove this additional accent that added by mistake you can create all all these other actions additional actions what to do on the build action what to do on the test action what to do analyze and what to do on archive you can create it simultaneously on the same workflow workflow like for instance testing you can select certain devices where to run this test you can select the different uh test test test plans you can select even certain the different platforms to run it only on iOS on Mac OS on tvos and others yeah but we don't need it for now just uh you need to know that we have this option we have this opportunity and also very important feature as a post action it's called Cloud supports integration with uh sort party services other tools such as Slack you can receive notifications we can send notifications to us on certain select channels if you're connecting we also can send the email email notifications on either on the build success if the build succeeded or if the build failed or for certain reasons okay uh once let's send the notification to my email once all the configurations are in place we can save and proceed again this is a repository with bucket reposit repository as well are the three uh it will available by default on xcode cloud with bucket is closed GitHub and the gitlab stream most popular did uh control hubs confirm app on App Store connect complete okay let's see why it's quite strange let's see let's press again okay it's now configured for export yeah some sometimes this can this situations could happen but yeah this is this is okay this is normal the camera scan is now configured Focus code Cloud members can view results and choose a branch to start your first build okay we want to start our first build on the dev branch start build by the way we need to make sure that we made the oldness to like commit and pushed all the changes to the repository before starting the build let's assume that we commit uh that we pushed everything as the build progresses we can monitor its status on index code cloud as you can see here on the stop or additionally we can directly see the status on the App Store connect website let's take a look let's refresh this website now you can see that all changes that we did in xcode were can be seen on the website directly on the App Store connect website so uh the build that we run the development workflow that we created everything is already available on the on the website you can see that 30 percent already completed and uh the last commit that was done once completed we can access logs artifacts and other relevant information about the build um one notable feature of xcode cloud is it's support package managers by default it supports Swift package manager but you can also integrate other package managers like kako posts and Carfax this allows you easily manage your dependencies and ensure that they are properly resulting during the build process for Swift package manager you basically don't need to do anything additionally but uh it's like a core codes and Carfax since they are not package managers from provided by Apple you need to do some other some minor modifications let's for instance um see what uh this this application camera scan it instead of Swiss package manager uses the core pods and uh to make this package manager available we need to install dependencies through a script to do the script first you need to create this folder CI scripts and you need to add inside this folder this file this script CI post clone there are three type of script that you could create on different stages let's see let's see writing custom build script and there's three three types of script see I post clone that we are using right now see I pre xcode build and see I post code code built in the different stages they run on different stages the post clone uh it's quite explicitly like describing when and where it runs after cloning the git Repository pre-excode build and the post hex code build of course um let's return back to the script itself what it does the functionality is quite simple the comments are quite basic we are using here bundle bundler to controlled versions of our dependencies if you don't want to use it if you prefer to don't use it you just can run one one command for the install instead of these two commands instead of these three comments the missile bundler bundle install and bundle let's check you can run only called install is some additional scripts but I think that in this through this script through the script you can run some additional scripts on first line or some other Library libraries whatever you prefer you can Implement through these three scripts CI post clone CI prayer xcode builds postcode build it's called build what else I think that we basically explained everything right that concludes our presentation we can conclude our presentation and um we can wait also for this uh build to be completed but it takes quite uh long time so yeah but you after the build completed you could switch to the test flight and uh well um yeah by the way uh through export Cloud you could also can automate the process of delivering this builds to your on the test flight for instance we can edit this you can create a new build a new another project okay so uh or for some reason it is built failed okay whatever oh by the way it's a good opportunity for us to take a look the reason why it failed camera does not exist and cameras can work space all yeah ah yeah it's you know why because we didn't commit it didn't push it that's why um okay let's create a new new let it be cold production um by the way we did not select the scheme that we needed to use is the camera scan for production and we also can make some cost actions like we can make this build available for internal testing for external testing and We additionally can notify you can notify the user the developer about some certain actions about the built being succeeded and built uh failure for certain reasons let's meet my email for testing purposes yeah artifact you know we cannot create this test flight external testing because first of all we would need to create this groups groups on the test flight and yeah let's just keep it or not but yeah basically you can see how easily xcode Cloud could be configured and um uh that it's not that difficult but you can see the whole power problem of this product

  Top Comments:
  1. @Badmabudaev [2 likes]: 🔥

- Understanding Provisioning Profiles and Certificates | Xcode | iOS App Development: Kind: captions Language: en hey guys welcome to my channel icode i am pallav and today we are going to have a look at a very interesting topic that is provisioning profiles and certificates i understand that as a beginner it's a real pain it's very confusing to understand that water provisioning profiles what are certificates why they are used what they do and how they do how our profiles link to certificates those random errors of code signing and everything else so today we will deep dive into them we will see that what is the use of profiles why they are used what is the use of certificates how it is linked to how they work in sync and everything else so let's dive in i believe that before understanding the what part or how part we must look at the why part as in before understanding that what profiles and certificates do or how they do whatever they do we must understand that why are they needed so let's look at that first and then we'll understand that how they work so the first thing that is why and the answer is code signing code signing is digitally signing of your code so whatever source code that you have written for your application the code signing gives us a confirmation that after this point your code cannot be modified or in other words it just make it more secure so assume that you want to send some sensitive information to your friend you put that information in an envelope and you cohere it to your friend but you are afraid about its security that it does not get compromised the information do not get changed before it is received and a simple way to fix this is to put a stamp to sign the envelope to put your signature on it so that whenever the envelope will be received by the other party by your friend it will give a sense of confirmation a sense of security that if the seal is not broken if your signature your stamp is not broken it means that the information has not been compromised and the same thing is being done by code signing so your source code is digitally signed to make it more secure and this is done using provisioning profiles and certificates so now let's see that what is provisioning profile as per the apple's definition a provisioning profile is a digital entity that uniquely ties developers and their devices to an authorized iphone development team and i understand that this is not very clear so let's see it in detail the first thing is that unlike android iphone applications cannot run directly on any device those devices on which we target to test our applications to run our applications while development phase those devices need to be signed by the apple first or we say that those devices need to be provisioned now to do so provisioning profiles acts as a link between the developer account and the devices so with your developer account whatever devices that you have provisioned the provisioning profile will act as a link between those two provisioning profile decides that our app can run on what all devices and what all services it can access so this relates to the entitlements part that our app is entitled to use what all features what are services like app groups push notifications everything else so before the ip is made the profiles are downloaded from the developer account they are embedded in the bundle and then the bundle is code signed using certificates so assume that your company your organization is sending you to attend some conference and the conference organizers want some extra piece of information to verify that you are the authorized person who is here to attend the conference and what part of conference will you be attending and some other relevant information so along with the other documents your company will put an extra piece of information having your employee id your conference id or whatever information is required by the organizers that will help them identify that you are the authorized person and they will close the envelope they will stamp it they will sign it so that it gives a sense of security that the information has not been changed and this extra piece of information that they have put in the envelope can be treated as provisioning profiles now that we have an understanding of what is a provisioning profile and what it does let's see that what does a provisioning profile contains so provisioning profile contain three things development certificates unique device identifiers and the app id the development certificates authorizes the test devices that we want to run our app on the unique device identifiers will let the ios know if this is the designated device on which the app should run and the app id helps in identify that whether this particular application is authorized to run on this device or not so app id is a two-part string which contains the team id followed by the bundle identifier so if the app id that is in our provisioning profile if it contains the bundle identifier of the application that we are trying to run if the two bundle ids match then it will allow to install the application otherwise the installation will fail so provisioning profile contains these three things the app id the certificates and the device identifiers now let's see that how does an app run from the xcode what actually happens when we hit command r in rx code how does the installation process take place once the build is done there are no compilation errors there are a number of checks that are made the developer certificate that is mentioned in our provisioning profile is matched against the certificate that we are having in our max keychain if a match is found that certificate is used to code sign our bundle once the code signing happens the device is checked for its authenticity so the device on which we are trying to run our application its uuid is checked against the uui ids that are mentioned in the provisioning profiles if this goes well then the bundle identifier of our application is checked against the bundle identifier mentioned in the app id that is in the provisioning profile once this is done then the entitlements required by our app are verified against the associated ones with the app id if all of these checks are done if everything goes smooth then the installation takes place otherwise the app install fails and at times you would have seen that your app icon is greyed out that is because one of these checks fail or we can say that the installation failed so if you see your app id your certificates the capabilities the entitlements associated with your app id and everything else can be checked in the signing and capabilities tab of your export now let's see that what are the types of provisioning profiles there's development ad hoc enterprise and the distribution programming profile now let's see the development first development is the most easy to understand provisioning profile and we deal it with almost daily as a part of our development process so the development provisioning profile contains the list of our test devices on which we want to test our application in our development phase and it cannot be used for distributing our application on test flight or on the app store the distribution profile does not contain the identifier of any of our devices and it is used to distribute our app to ship it on the app store so if the distribution profile has been used then the app can be installed on any device once apple code signs it and that happens when we submit our app to the app store the other two are used in the development process but at a later stage an add-on profile is used to distribute our app to a larger audience the people who are not the part of the apple developer beta program or their devices are not mentioned in our developer certificates can test our app using the addock so an app that is deployed using ad hoc provisioning profile is very identical to the version that we submit on our app store as in the app store push notification certificate is used with the adult and it gives the almost same experience as that of the app store build now let's see that how code signing works because we have been discussing about the code signing since the start of the video now let's see that how it is done so one thing that we know is that code signing gives us a sense of confidence a sense of trust that our source code has not been modified since we have signed it now this is done using a public private key pair that apple has created for us or we can say that apple uses asymmetric cryptography for this purpose let's understand it sam and john are two friends and they decide to encrypt their chat to do so they came with the concept of public and private key both of them made a pair of keys that is sam gave his public key to jon and john gave his public key to sam now when sam needs to send a message to john he encrypts the message using john's public key when john will receive the encrypted message he will decrypt it using his private key same will be done by john he will decrypt the message using sam's public key and when sam will receive it he will decrypt it using his private key this concept is called the symmetric trip so this is the concept of asymmetric cryptography that apple uses for signing our code when we request a certificate from the certificate signing authority or that we create the csr that will see it in a moment the same thing happens the public key and the private key pair is used for signing our code let's see certificate signing request to get the developer certificate from the apple we need to create a certificate signing request through our keychain when we create the a public private key pair is created on our machine and the public key is embedded in that request that we send to apple so basically certificate signing request is a block of encoded text that is having our public key that has been generated from our machine after the apple proof the request and we get the certificate when we double click the certificate to install it in the keychain it is matched against the private key that was generated at the time of so when we created the csr or we created a pair of public key and the private key the public key was embedded in the certificate signing request using which the apple created the certificate and now when we are trying to install that certificate it is matched against the private key that we are having in if the match succeeds then the certificates will be installed otherwise it will not now the certificate that we are having in our keychain it also has a public key given by apple so at the time of installation the private key that is used to sign the bundle is matched against the public key in the certificate if the match succeeds the installation happens otherwise it fails so this is the whole idea behind the code signing the public private key or the asymmetric cryptography that is used by apple for this purpose so i hope that you have got the concept of provisioning profiles and like why they are used what they do and how they do why do we get the errors for code signing for provisioning profiles identify or not match etc etc and if there are any other doubts please put them in the comments and i'll try to answer them so that's pretty much for this video a new video comes out every sunday so do subscribe to my channel let's write better code together happy coding and stay safe

  Top Comments:
  1. @leocarona [10 likes]: Hate how Apple make this sooooooooooooooooo complicated 😠 but loved your intention to help. Thank you!
  2. @hustlerking4295 [1 likes]: thanks bro, helped me out. :)
  3. @TeluguYatraTV: ipa file can not create directly ..?
  4. @manishakrai4629: This video was so helpful. Nicely explained.
  5. @MuhammadFarhan-g5y: My development provisioning profile was expired so I created new development certificate using the same CSR file which I used a year ago. But when I download the newly created development certificate and install it by double click the private key is missing in keychain access. although it says the certificate is valid. I also created the provisioning profile using that newly created development certificate and in the end I get error in Xcode when I select the development profile. The error is (No "iOS Development" signing certificate  matching team ID "XXXXXXXX" with a private key was found.).

Anyone here who faced the same issue??
  6. @veeraharikumarsakthivel8983: Thanks a looooot brother
  7. @jonibekbekmuratov2798: Great explanation! Thanks for your time
  8. @manifest-life-q1y: awsm explaination. first time samaj me aaya ye bcz of you!
  9. @4B95D4: 很棒的內容！請問這簡報是用什麼工具做的？
  10. @abhinavsrivastav5853: You made all these processes so easy!
  11. @iamflutteristas5: Thank you for this detailed information. Can someone guide me. Got an email from Apple. Distribution certificate no longer be valid. What should I do? Also I am not getting part issuing CA for keychain? What option to choose?
  12. @JihadIsmail: 12 mins that took 2:30 hrs to understand and summaries its flow ❤, Thanks a lot, its very useful, simple and rich 🌷
  13. @mddi1420: Not ready for the barking dogs
  14. @amitarya4894: thank you so much for the information, very very useful and needed.
  15. @praveenahm3024: Very useful for a beginner.
  16. @22burst2020ddsspec: Unnecessary complicated bullshit
  17. @naveenboss: Thank you very useful videos.
  18. @SPribyt: Great video. Really helps to wrap my head around the topic
  19. @mechanc: At timestamp 6:00 I think you confused udid with uuid. I think it should be udid instead of uuid.
  20. @sulthanappdb: hello, I need a help. Is anyone know about iOS developer certificate code signing or apn ? please help.

- $10,000 Mac Studio vs. $10 AI Agent: Kind: captions Language: en I have this 512 GB Mac Studio to be the ultimate local LLM coding monster, but can it beat the state-of-the-art cloud-based Abacus AI deep agent? We're going to find out who actually nails coding a web app. It's local hardware versus cloud deathmatch. Let's go. The first contender is my local setup. Everyone talks about running local AI, but usually they mean a tiny model, but when it comes to a large singleshotted codebase, no. To get real coding performance, you need size. Here I'm running Quen Coder 480 billion model. This is the MLX version which is optimized for Apple silicon. It's 270 GB and I'm giving it full context length of 262,000 tokens. There it is. An activity monitor. It's it's only using about half of the memory available. But once it spins up, it's going to use a little bit more. A model this size is usually reserved for server farms. It's heavy. It's slow. It literally heats up the room. Well, any of this stuff will heat up the room actually that I got in here. Now, to run this thing, I'm using something called Open Code. This is an agent that I've configured to point to my instance of LM Studio that's running on the Mac Studio in my studio. The big question is, does all this expensive hardware 10,000 bucks a pop for one of these Mac Studios? Does it actually translate to better code? This is as good as it gets for local AI right now. Now, let's meet the competition. The other contender is Abacus AI Deep Agents. Now, you might have seen they sponsor some of my content on this channel. But I actually have been using it quite a lot because they have access to all the different models that I need, even some of the really expensive ones like Magnific upscale images. And this is 10 bucks a month. Anyway, besides the stuff I already showed you in other videos, they also include Deep Agent, and that has a lot of capabilities like browser use, PowerPoint generation, chat bots, coding is one of those things. That's what we're going to be doing now. And unlike my Mac, obviously this doesn't live on my desk. It lives in the cloud in a data center somewhere essentially with infinite compute capability. The upside is that it's going to be probably a lot faster. The downside is obviously you're not doing this locally, so you have to trust wherever you're sending your data out to. And that goes for any provider that lives on the internet [music] for anything. But my audience already knows that. So the stakes are clear. If Deep Agent wins, then we admit that cloud intelligence is still the king for now. If the Mac wins, we prove that with enough RAM, you can be your own king of coding. Now, I don't want to just do like write a snake game. That's too easy. We need a torture test. I'm going to use a prompt kindly shared by my friend Ivan Fiorante. I say it like this because he's been on the channel before. Boom. It's there. By the way, you can follow him on X. I'll leave a link to his profile down below. He tweets a lot of stuff. Tweets. Do people still say that? I still say that. Anyway, here's his prompt. I'll link to this down below, too. luxury travel website. Now, this is not just a front end. It's mostly front end, but it does have quite a detailed set of pages that we require and components. And it's got a little bit of back-end functionality with a form to fill in. This will require some logic, CSS styling, state management, the whole nine yards. I've tried similar prompts on other models and they kind of choke on this, especially smaller models. They forget to close brackets or they hallucinate libraries that don't exist. So, it's not the simplest prompt, but it's not the most complex web app either. Click on raw here. Copy this out. The only thing I'm going to do is create a new directory here. And then pop open open code. Select the model I want, which is our 480 billion parameter model that's running on the Mac Studio. I'm on my MacBook Pro right now, but it's connected remotely. And I show how to set all this up in different videos. Members of the channel, by the way, get extra videos where I go into a little bit more detail than I do in these videos. Join up if you want to. I appreciate the members. Thank you so much. And here, I'm going to just use the default settings and paste in that ridiculously long prompt, which is 93 lines. And boom, let's go. Should be doing something right now. I don't know what it's doing, but let's take a look here. Oh, there it is. It's generating. And definitely definitely working. You can see it right there. This is the GPU history chart that's coming from activity monitor. You get to it by opening activity monitor window and then GPU history. Another way you can observe what's happening here on this computer is just opening up Mac top. You can install it with homebrew. I have a bunch of videos on the channel explaining how I set up my development environment on Macs and PCs. Anyway, here it is. Mactop and you can see that the GPU usage is at 100%. It's fluctuating, but it's mostly at 100%. We still have a long way to go before we use up all that memory. That machine is a monster. Anyway, it's doing its thing. I'm going to pop open another tab and open this up in VS Code to see what's going on. And it already built a directory structure, but no files yet. Interesting. Okay, while it's doing that, let's do the exact same prompt in deep agent. I'm going to paste that right in here. And wait, wait. Before I do anything, I want high effort. I don't want you to be lazy. Yeah, high effort is what I want. Let's go. I've used deep agent before and I know it's capable of doing this pretty well. I haven't tested it with this particular prompt before though, so we'll see what happens here. Oh, I get some questions. Before I built the stunning Aurora Lux Travel website, thanks Ivan. [laughter] Should I implement full detail pages? For one, I say yeah, you should absolutely. For two, contact form notifications. When somebody submits a form, should the notification email be sent to you? Yes. Send it to me, Alexvia.com. Three. Any specific brand elements? No. Just make pretty SVG icons or images. And boom. And now it's thumb twiddling time. I'm out of coffee. By the way, do you twiddle your thumbs while you have agents go to work for you or do you do something else? I'm not seeing anything output here by Deep Agent. Let's click on this files button and see what's happening here. No files yet. It's still doing the thinking and the planning. Planning is very important when it comes to agents. If you break down all the steps that an agent should be doing, it should be planning first and then implementing. Let's see what our open code agent is doing right now. Even though I had build selected, not plan, I believe it did some planning first. Let me see here. Yeah, here are some planning stages. It didn't do too much. Also, it didn't find node. So that's a little bit of a bummer here. Means it can't do its own tests. So that might bite us a little bit. I do have node installed, but I'm using nvm and it's not the globally installed node. And I think open code is searching for a globally installed node, unfortunately. But not to worry, I will give it another chance after this thing is done. I will let it know where node is. Well, look at that. It's actually filling out the code one little bit at a time. I don't like what's happening with this TS config, unfortunately. What is going on with that? That is an invalid JSON file. Hopefully, it'll fix that. What's cool is that it's local, right? So, everything that's happening, you can see it happening right in front of you. We don't need this VS Code agent. I wonder what would happen if you use two agents at the same time on the same codebase. Have you tried that? I haven't tried that yet. I should try that. Let me know if you want to see that in another video. That'll be a fun one, too. But this Mac Studio is definitely cranking away. Now, I'm no stranger to running things locally. If you've been watching this channel for a little while, you know that I have a bunch of different hardware that I test for that and make videos about this stack. But there is one common thread here, and you really need to do iterative work on it. It's almost never almost never does it work one-shot it, unless it's something really really simple like a script. But a full web app usually never works. What's this here? Deep agent is doing some serious work here. We got some beautiful generated imagery. I want to go there. But is this building me an actual web app? Where do we have Oh, here we go. Just going through it one step at a time. And it's writing that code pretty quickly. Let's take a look at what's happening in settings. I can't do that yet. Preview and settings don't work yet until probably it's done. And then there's this deploy button. I wonder what that does. Now, we're not going this deep, but Deep Agent can actually integrate Stripe right into your websites, which will allow you to take payments, and that's not something you have to manually implement, which is kind of a pain. I've had to do that before. If you go to the website, you'll see all these different workflows that Deep Agent is capable of. It's a general purpose agent, not just a coding agent. It can do coding really well by routing to the proper models when it's required, but it also can do all these other things. Oh, don't you dare try this one. Although, this is pretty cool, but please don't do that. You can be a Twitter influencer by following what other accounts are successful at and it'll automate that for you. Like, we don't have enough of that slop going around. I love coding with AI and using that to help me out, but there is a difference between taking it too far. And, you know, any technology can be taken too far. Some people will try to put as much slop out there as possible. I like quality, not slop. but it's available if you need it. [laughter] Now, Deep Agent can also connect with all these other services. It has built-in MCP servers available right here, or you can create a custom MCP server if you need it. So, a lot of flexibility here, too. One of the other things that I can see myself using it for is something I really hate doing is once I have some data, creating presentations out of it. Something like this. Export PDF. And boom. Look at that beautiful presentation. All right, let's see how these guys are doing. Oh, look at that wall of blue over here. The GPU is really working hard. That's taking advantage of the GPU right there. I love seeing that hardware not being wasted. Here's our friend still writing all this stuff about the Aurora Lux Travel website. Looks like it's getting pretty close to the end here. Not so thrilled about that TS config file. I might have to ask it to fix it. What's up with that formatting? Huh? All right, it looks like Abacus AI's deep agent is done and it's trying to start up the site. Still doing some finishing touches. Notice that this is task one and there's 71 subtasks. There is a limit on how many tasks, the big tasks you can launch with the $10 plan. You get three of those plus all the other stuff the chatm covers like access to the latest models from OpenAI Claude Opus Nano Banana Gro Deep Seek GLM and then you have other things here like video generation from Lumalabs Sora Wan 2.5 Seed Dance Cling VO yeah there's a lot of stuff that's included in this but of course everything uses your tokens and if you need more there's a pro tier for an extra $10 and $20 monthly, just different levels, and you'll be able to do a lot more with that. Wow. Okay, that is very pretty. Look at that. It's got the translucent effect at the top. Nice looking site. It's got the testimonial section that's completely interactive. It's got animations. It's got a form that you can fill out. I wonder if that works. We'll check that in a second here. This navigation at the top scrolls very nicely. I personally don't like autoscrolling like that. Um, just my own thing, but at least it's not one of those sites where it kind of hijacks your scroll and keeps you in the same spot. I hate those sites. Let's try this form. I wonder if this is going to work. Oh, look at that. Interactive widgets. Date selection. Yes. Yes. Yes. Budget. Uh, no. That's too much. Let's go here. Hi. Submit request. This is so cool. This is going to send an actual email. I got to see this. No way. Aurora Lux Travel. I got an email. This is a functional contact page. That is cool. So, here's a mobile view of it. This is responsive and that works very well with a hamburger icon. That used to be really difficult to do and now apparently not. Deploy. Oh, I can deploy this to an Abacus AI domain or a custom domain or a custom subdomain. Very cool. Let's go with a travel. Deploy. a travel.abacusai.app. Nice. Um, I probably shouldn't have done that cuz now you're all going to fill out this form and send me emails, aren't you? Well, if I get too many, I'll turn it off. Let's see how our local friend did. Oh, still going. It's wrapping up. It says, "Here is the summary of what we've built." And it's telling you what it needs next. We need node npm install dependencies, npm rundev, and we should be able to have it running. Is it done? 29 minutes. And yeah, looks like uh it's not generating anymore. And from our GPU history, looks like nothing's happening. It's done. Let's check it out. npm install. Could not read package.json. Oh, our package.json is messed up, too. All right. I did say I was going to give it a chance. So, let's give it another chance. Fix the formatting of package.json and tsconfig. Now, if the agent had access to node, I think it probably would have discovered this. Now, one thing that's really nice about this is that this is the cost up here. 0.0. And yeah, you buy this thing one time. Then you never spend any more money. You can keep doing this forever. Well, you got to pay for electricity. Good lord. What is happening here? Why can't you format these simple JSON files? Oh, did it did it do it? It did one of them. Let's see what tsconfig looks like. Oh, it looks even worse. Oh my gosh. But it fixed the package.json JSON at least. Why is this so difficult? Okay, good. npm install. Oh, we're in. Okay, I need to go into another folder. npm install here. Yes, we're installing. That is beautiful. Zero vulnerabilities and it installed cleanly like that. npm rundev. Wow, it started. Come on. Let's navigate there. [sighs] Okay, no images, but not bad. Responsive. Uh, sort of yes, but also a little bit messy. Navigation works. Testimonials are just okay. Detail pages are there. Well, it took a lot longer. And uh, it didn't do everything, but it kind of worked. This is obviously not going to work. This email form or maybe it will. Ah, there is no drop downs for the dates, unfortunately. Budget. Let's do that. Request. Request received. Now, obviously, it should have given me an error instead because there's no way it's going to send it. there is just no backend that's connected to any kind of SNMP servers to be able to send out emails. Whereas a hosted app like Abacus would provide does have that. And of course there's the whole deployment story that now you need to take this somewhere be able to transport this code somewhere, deploy it, set up some kind of pipeline for that. So who's the better coder, the $10,000 local monster or the cloud brain? Here's the reality. If you have huge budget for hardware, then local is going to be pretty good. It's going to get you close, but then there's going to be a few steps you're going to need to complete, even running large models like this. If you're going to be paying for a deep agent, you don't need a huge budget. You just do it one month at a time, and you have access to all the other stuff. But it's a subscription model, just like all the other subscription models go. You're going to have to pay monthly in order to keep it going. But the results speak for themselves. I think this one is the winner as far as giving me a more complete project that's pretty much ready to go. Of course, I don't know who Victoria Harrington is. Yeah, she's an art collector in London, and that's probably not a real picture. So, I'm going to have to replace that anyway. There's a little more work involved in there, too. But then I can go back and request changes and updates to be made. Maybe provide real people and real testimonials. Another nice thing here is if you go to settings, you have a database that you can connect to the app. Storage, secrets, all these other options that usually come when you're actually hosting your application are available here as well. So, if you want something done quickly and hosted for you, then this is the way to go. What do you think of this tool? I think it did a really good job. Thanks for watching and I'll see you in the next one. [music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @AZisk [18 likes]: Try out Deep Agent  - https://deepagent.abacus.ai/ltf
  2. @Factopia-v9l: what is this better code? its local llm its not for better code...... its for 24/7 not for better code.... 1$ api can write better code with any frontier model. but how much does it cost on 24/7?  also you can run dsg spark 128gb for 4k with deepseek flash no need 15k  mac studio.
  3. @itamar.j.rachailovich: Hello sir.
Can you make a video for people with constraints, monetarily constraints. Optimising for the best machine they can get under the constraints of cost <= 1000$, when the goal is to be able to run PyTorch and TensorFlow pipelines for educational purposes, and be able to run run some small LLMs locally
  4. @erikalm6007: "Provide real testimony"? Are you ok? You do realise an LLM will never be able to get real (as in real beer) testimonies.
Or what? SMS: We have your kids, go to this site and write a real testimony if you want them back.... 🤣😂
Also, SMTP, Alex. SMTP! 😆
  5. @MrSponkie: You should just say that this is a sponsored video...
  6. @daviddoudouable: Is the top of the art for AI to create a website ?😂😂😂😂😂 The world is wasted for nothing 😢 sorry, I find your channel really cool but, really?!?!, you are the expert : if all this no sense about AI (not yours, the world one) is about building website, is it worth it ? 😮
  7. @JamesRinkevich: I don’t like the AI putting in false testimonials. Those will get you in trouble with regulators for fraud.
  8. @RenoirB: \n

Is text representation symbol for newline. Typically what we use in strings to tell to make a new line
  9. @cocyoutubefact1665: local llm is gonna make work easy and genuinely they areenogh  for most work and privacy concern
  10. @businessoftechnology: My brain keeps asking what the cost would be for a full time coder using deep agent per month. One of my takes is using anything from GitHub Copilot to Claude Code and beyond, especially with the shifting pricing models, the cost of creating a project is a rolling gamble. With local LLM, it does require more hand holding, slower or more cycles, but the costs are more predictable.

P.S.
More predictable if you can afford a functional local AI to start with. :)
  11. @hasanx8317: It took longer because come on, you've used a 4xxB parameter model, fits in the ram but it's slow!! ... I don't think building a website like that requires more than 24B
  12. @johnmadsen37: This was before qwen3.6 )
  13. @MI5500: 5:55 I watch videos like this one while agents are working!
  14. @Kungpaoshizzi: As much as I want to run locally, using Claude, I figure I get access to always-new hardware for 20 bones a month. So 240 a year vs everything-else-is-way-more-expensive and I would probably only get to run smaller LLMs /shrug
  15. @joseph-1gsd47: did you mean SMTP?
  16. @dmitrirussu: shit worst compression i seen, that man try to sell sponsor solution which is much expensiv  than local solution
  17. @samgod: Invaluably informative and thorough. Thanks!
  18. @LuisAgra94: Now this vid hits different
  19. @someguytu: So you break-even time: ~90+ years
  20. @DaneDuPlessis: Sounds like a great argument not to run big LLM models locally.