- M4 Mac Mini CLUSTER 🤯: Kind: captions Language: en running machine learning models is a parallel task that certain types of processes are really good at CPUs are not great at running things in parallel so running models on CPUs is very slow but gpus are great at parallel processing so that's why they're commonly used for this and dedicated gpus like the RTX 490 and its brothers and sisters are traditionally really fast but they're also really expensive and use a lot of power and that's why Apple silicon architecture emerged as the next best thing for consumers to run at home that can be used to run local llms for a lot cheaper yeah and I can't believe I'm saying this about Apple it's actually a lot cheaper to run fully blown out MacBook Pro than a couple of RTX 490s that's the initial cost and the ongoing operating costs I'm getting to the cluster okay just just give me a moment I just want to mention that besides the GPU if you want to run larger models you're going to need more memory or Ram in apple silicon terms that's unified memory which means that the CPU and GPU can use the same memory you might already know this so you can have a Mac mini like this with 64 GB of RAM and even the most expensive consumer Nvidia card only has 24 and that's 2,000 bucks right there now how do you use this stuff for machine learning well to actually write machine learning code you're going to want to use a framework or a library for example you might have heard of the old tensor flow then there's pytorch and those will run on Apple silicon machines and Nvidia and other Hardware as well but not too long ago a new framework emerged that's optimized for Apple silicon and that's called mlx it was released I think in 2023 by Apple as a machine learning team and it's supposed to squeeze more juice out of apple silicon chips for machine learning and in benchmarks is showing that it performs better than P torch so essentially it's Apple's answer to nvidia's Cuda and this allows something like this tiny Mac Mini to run mlx and have pretty good performance now since machine learning takes advantage of parallelism and it's parallel in nature running several Macs in parallel should theoretically even better distribute the load right well theoretically it should so that's why I set up the cluster to try this out and answer some questions for example is it faster to run models if machines are clustered and I also wanted to reassure myself that extending a machine with another machine will give me more capability to run larger models these are the basic questions that are addressed by setting up a distributed system like this or a cluster you can set up mlx with a distributed communication but uh as you can see it's a bit of a setup and there's definitely some tuning and tweaking involved so that's why I've already made a couple of videos about this thing it's called EXO and it's really easy to set up and get going I already made a video setting this up and I'll link to that down below but this thing evolving very quickly so the steps in that video are already a little bit outdated but it gives you the idea of where to go and what to do anyway EXO wraps up that uh difficulty of distributed computing in a nice simple package for you by the way this video is not sponsored by them uh or mlx or apple or XO I just really like this however I do want to thank the members of the channel your support means a lot and it goes towards me purchasing these kinds of things and doing these kinds of setups so thank you so first of all these are not all the same machine these are the specs of the machines there's two M4 Pro machines in there and three M4 machines with slightly different configurations there are however two base models the the $600 machine in here and I wanted to see if running just two base models is going to be any better than running one M4 machine with twice the ram 32 gigs so 16 + 16 versus one with 32 and also 16 + 16 versus the base model M4 Pro now what's incredible here is that all these are running right now and I have all the screens up here and as you can see there's stuff running on these machines they're not just sitting idly well they're not doing much but they have a few things running on them like the browser terminal uh activity monitor things like that and we are using 28 watts of power for all these machines very low power usage there's multiple ways of hooking these up these are actually connected via Thunderbolt bridge and through some experimentation I've discovered that yes you can run everything through Wi-Fi or through land but it's faster when you're doing it through Thunderbolt bridge I mean on the surface that kind of makes sense but you actually have to test it out because what's theoretically supposed to happen is each machine is going to download a chunk of the model to work on based on its capabilities this is determined automatically by Exo but in reality there is communication during the model run which can be influenced by the network connection so to set that up I go to network and then Thunderbolt Bridge make sure I configured my IP addresses manually on all the machines I have uh 192 168 1010 1020 1030 1040 1050 and then also under Thunderbolt Bridge Under Hardware I've set up jumbo packets now I haven't tested this out yet theoretically if you have jumbo packets the packets are larger sending more information across therefore decreasing the processing power required to process each packet makes sense got to test it out different video maybe let me know if you're interested in that now a couple of you have noticed that I have five Mac minis but each Mac Mini has only three Thunderbolt ports so if this is my home one down here at the bottom then I can only run it to three other Mac minis so that's why I added a thunderbolt Hub now I do have a thunderbolt 5 Hub here but um I've tested this one versus the little one that I had before which is a thunderbolt 4 one and I so far didn't notice any difference between them as far as the networking side of things now I want to dig deeper into Thunderbolt connectivity in a different video but that's not for this one even though I'm using all Thunderbolt 5 cables here and two of these machines are capable with Thunderbolt 5 let's just assume it's a thunderbolt 4 system which has an improvement over regular Wi-Fi and land anyway we're going to start out with some smaller models as proof of concept and I'm going to run EXO here so this is llama 3.21 billion parameter one and it's small and it's fast let's say hello to it and we get 90 tokens per second right uh story so yeah if it's sustained it's about 73 tokens per second that's pretty fast it's pretty good so about 70 tokens sustained and this is running on the M4 Mac Mini base model no problem fitting that in there because it's a tiny tiny any model now for comparison running this on the M4 Pro chip is giving me a close to 100 tokens per second 96 95 94 so quite a bit better just to give you a baseline of the differences between the two machines because those two chips have different memory bandwidths and memory bandwidth not the size here because the Size Doesn't Matter we've taken that out of the equation cuz it's a one billion parameter model which is small here the memory bandwidth is what's showing through memory bandwidth plays a huge role in how quickly these things generate tokens and I made a whole video on bandwidth you can check it out I'll link to it down below all right so going back to our example with running it on one base model and getting 70 tokens per second I'm now going to start up EXO on two base models so now you'll see that I have two nodes running here Mac Mini 16 gigs and another Mac Mini with 16 gigs together not too much power but let's see if we get a speed Improvement so I'm going to run the same llama 3 .21 billion and we're getting 45 tokens per second considerably worse this time around and this is happening because the connections on the back both the base models are going through the Thunderbolt Hub I found out that this plays a rle and it's a negative consequence unfortunately so now I've connected the two machines directly to each other with Thunderbolt all right ready watch this 87 right uh story 82 83 87 99 100 tokens per second it was 73 sustained when it was running on one machine now we're getting 95 same model same prompt when it's two machines connected together via Thunderbolt not Wi-Fi so let's see if we can get the same kind of result by using one of the other machines look we're looking to beat 95 tokens per second here I'm going to head over to Mac Mini 4 cuz that's the one that that's also an M4 chip but it has 32 gigs of RAM and let's run that all right all right so we're getting 89 here let's do a sustained I have a feeling it's going to be yeah there it is so it's 7374 tokens per second clearly the amount of ram didn't have any effect on this we're still dealing with the M4 chip so this kind of proves that we're limited by the M4 chip and not the ram in this case so we can kind of conclude that getting one base model M4 Pro machine will give you similar performance as far as this model and tokens per second that two M4 base models will give you and finally machine 3 right a story so we're getting about 104 tokens per second here about 100 dipping around 97 96 oh come on make up your mind we're down to 93 one other thing to keep in mind is EXO is not without overhead if you run mlx directly against llama 3.21 billion for example with 4bit uh monetization there it is it's it's going pretty fast and we're talking about 281 tokens per second here let's do it again to make sure it's that seems a little high 280 tokens per second that's pretty good remember with EXO we were getting about 100 so if you're running only on one machine that's something to keep in mind as well now let's take it up to the max really push this system hard and see what kind of power usage is going to have when all five machines are just going full bore for that I'm going to run a loop generating on all five machines at the same time each of the M4 Pro machines takes up about 87 watts and each of the M4 machines is taken up about 50 for a total of almost 200 Watts just over 200 now so this is sustained power usage when everything is being utilized to the max we're still using less power than this and this is interesting right here the machine on the bottom [Music] H this might not be the best rack setup folks we're at almost 40° on the bottom machine the other ones seem like they're quite a bit cooler this is the other this one right here machine number three is the other M4 Pro machine and this one this one and the top one are all M4 machines so the m4s are a lot cooler the than the M4 Pros but the one on the bottom I don't know if it's because that's the central Hub and it's got more work to do with Thunderbolt or because all the air is sort of blowing down although I don't know it's getting dispersed so I'm not sure why I'm going to have to blame the Thunderbolt connectivity on this let me know in the comments if you think otherwise let's push this a little bit further to see how big a model we can run so here is the base model Mac Mini and I want to switch this to let's say quen 2.5 coder 7 billion parameters code something boom and there it is it's actually running the 7 billion parameter Quin model which is supposed to be very good at coding and it's giving me 21 tokens per second which is pretty good write primes injs there it is is generating primes up to a certain limit in JavaScript 20 tokens per second pretty good now let's try the quen 2.5 coder 32 billion parameter model which should definitely break try again and it started downloading the model and that makes perfect sense because the model is not locally available on this machine now the way it's set up by default is that each machine will get a copy of the model but if you start up a whole cluster without running anything first like five nodes or four nodes or whatever it may be and then you run a model that might not fit it's supposed to only download parts of that model to each machine but that's not the case here I'm only running it on one right now so it's going to be 17 gb 5 it's going to take a little bit well after a bunch of downloading it finally did it it's it's doing a 32 billion parameter model code something and it's using the two base model Mac minis but it's doing it kind of slow we're going about eight tokens per second here so not super practical to running such a large model on two base Mac Minis and just for comparison it is a little bit better when running on just one M4 Pro Mac Mini we're getting about 12 tokens per second here time to try a big one let's go to uh neotron 70b hello hello it's nice to meet you is there something I can help you with so it's going kind of slow 4.2 tokens per second and that's running on the two most powerful ones I have the M4 Pro down here and the M4 Pro over here that's a total of um 88 GB of RAM my math is not that great but you know 64 + 24 we don't need that much RAM for this because it's a 4 bit quantization but even at 4 bits it should be really fast it's 4.9 tokens per second pretty unusable okay it's the Moment of Truth this is when I get to run a model on all five machines so I'm going to start this up on all five machines let's go with something nice and easy llama 3.21 billion hello it worked the whole thing works nice to meet you 67 tokens per second what's your name okay 69 72 74 tokens per second all right this is actually working and it's working pretty well we got a cluster of five nodes and it's going 74 tokens per second high up to 74 I should say sometimes it ranges but you know that's not too bad but it's a small model 1 billion parameters and 74 is pretty much what we had to start with on one machine which we can easily do I guess I should try a bigger model so because the Mac Mini has only three Thunderbolt connections I have to use that Hub and because I use the Hub there is a little bit of network contention going on there these hubs are mostly used for displays if you want to have multiple displays off of one Thunderbolt Port but they're not really meant for connecting multiple computers to each other for networking purposes so that's why the best possible scenario that I can show you here is having four machines not five so I wanted to demonstrate that while all the these machines are connected directly to each other through Thunderbolt and we're going to go with quen 2.5 coder 32 hello hello how can I assist you today good 16.4 tokens write some js code to find uh primes there we go and there it is it's going and it's giving me about 16 12 tokens per second on average it's writing the function it's not terribly slow but it's pretty slow and while that's happening you can see that all these machines the four machines I should say not five they're all using some of the GPU up to probably 80% of it and we're consuming just about 50 WS of power for all this so overall not terrible if you're going to use this on a smaller model that would be ideal the power savings are pretty tremendous here so why bother what's the point can anyone explain why cluster a bunch of Max is better than just having a PC with a GPU cluster well in some ways it is and in some way it's not for example the Mac Mini M4 has a unified memory which means on chip memory can be used for the GPU given it up to 64 GB of GPU Ram I already said this earlier in the video the biggest consumer GPU has only 24 GB of RAM unless you go for the a100 or the h100 which are very expensive so theoretically you can run bigger models on the minis seeing that that's the case why doesn't musk just buy 100,000 Max well musk has a lot of money I don't have and you probably don't have that kind of money that musk has so musk can afford buying $100,000 $30,000 boards and probably paying hundreds of thousands of dollars if not millions of dollars to run them the electricity costs so for those of you that were about to write that in the comments this is useless this is pointless why not just run a bunch of these well this is why so depending on your use case the machines that you're using and the model that you're running you will get wildly different results for now this is a great concept and I love this idea but so far I haven't found that it's better to run a cluster than to just get a MacBook Pro with 128 gigs of RAM and the M4 Max with 128 gigs of RAM which I also be making videos about and testing so make sure you don't miss that that has been shown to have insane performance for these types of applications of course if you can afford it and get two of these then you'll still be cheaper than getting an equivalent setup in Nvidia cards I can't swing that so I'm just going to stick with one for now and uh hope for the best yeah I'm going to sell my M2 Max anyway thanks for watching it's been fun showing you this Tower fun experiment but uh I don't think I'm going to actually use something like that in the long run at least not yet this is still very early days for this kind of Technology this setup will probably have some uses especially if you combine 4 64 GB machines which I happen not to have but Alex gima on Twitter he showed off his setup so if you want to follow project EXO along I'll link to it down below as well you can check it out anyway I hope you have a good one and I will see you in the next one

  Top Comments:
  1. @AZisk [97 likes]: The M4 Mac Mini is discounted NOW: ⚡ https://amzn.to/3CJnjds
  2. @pokvirus5705 [2 likes]: How does it feel like when you realized you did predict the future
  3. @georgizhelezarov6522 [1 likes]: Well why limit to 32b param model  put a real monster on these.. I run on my laptop a qwen3 coder next 80b with 35 t/s. With over 100gb of memory use 120b+model . The point is not to run 1b model the  point is to run something you cannot on a consumer machine
  4. @OGaurabless [1 likes]: 74 tokens per a second on 1b model is abysmmal for 5 sharded compute lol. Not to mention M chips have no FP8 native like 4090 nor FP4 native like 5090, RTX flies in comparison to a mac cluster lol.
  5. @leejaylisemby: How did you configure all of this?
  6. @darveterdarveter4511: Mac clusters operate using Pipeline Parallelism, which is the most inefficient configuration possible. When you deploy a large model on such a cluster, the process is painfully linear: first, the first Mac processes its layers, then the data is encapsulated into network packets and sent via Thunderbolt to the second Mac, and so on, repeating the cycle.

As a result:
 1. Zero Parallelism: Only one GPU is processing a specific layer at any given moment. The rest of the units sit idle, waiting for their turn in the chain.
 2. Massive Overhead: Every single iteration wastes time on data packaging, transmission, and unpacking.
 3. Hardware Bottlenecks: Thunderbolt 5 is terrible for these tasks. Its speeds (80-120 Gbps) are a joke compared to PCIe 5.0 x16 (512 Gbps), let alone NVLink (~7,000 Gbps).

A single device is a great solution for a small local setup—like running Gemma 4 26B with OpenClaw. But building a cluster out of them is pure madness.
  7. @domiblack2k182: I think a follow-up using Apples RDMA would be great!
  8. @domiblack2k182: Having a rack mounted Mac option optimized with redundant PSUs and only being 1-2 U high would be great.
I think this really could have some potential.
  9. @ricelsouza: In Brazil is very difficult to buy this version of Mac Mini because it’s so expensive here. A 16gb version is only accessible for some people, imagine a Mac Studio or a Mac Mini 64gb ram. 😢
  10. @Sevbh12: Would there be an improvement in performance with this setup with macOS 26.2?
  11. @jconcepcion83: this is really cool, are you able to cluster older macs like Trash Cans and mac minis?
  12. @georgegiorgio: what's the rack used for the Mac Mini?
  13. @CSW76: Where can I buy that Mac mini cluster stand?
  14. @edgargranados1676: I recently saw that Apple added RDMA support. Would be a cool video seeing if using RDMA improves the performance of the cluster
  15. @traviskregear1695: Great videos thanks for digging into these topics. 

I have a few questions.
1.  You mentioned (8:47) that the M4 was a bottleneck in tokens/sec and more memory didn't make any improvements. However, would the increased memory (32GB vs 16GB) allow you to run larger models that the base model M4 could not? is it worth the cost impact for the memory upgrade on that level if I want to run larger models?

Mac Mini M4, 16 GB RAM -> $599
Mac Mini M4, 24 GB RAM -> $799
Mac Mini M4, 32 GB RAM -> $999

2. I have a question on CPU vs Memory upgrades. Your video showed 1 M4 Pro 32gb is similar in performance to 2x M4 16gb. However if i look at other options, Is it better to get more memory or a faster processor? 

2X Mac mini M4, 16 GB Ram -> $1,298
Mac Mini M4 Pro 24GB RAM -> $1399  (apple doesn't give a 32 GB option atm)



Thanks again for the videos!
  16. @hansenmarc: I’d love to see an update on this configuration. How many Mac minis does it take to match a Mac Studio?
  17. @dfcastro: Now, after one year, and with rdma over thunderbolt , why not retest it? Mac Studio is way to expensive and most people will have no benefit of clustering mac studios to run 300 billion parameter models.
  18. @HelpTI: can you please put the dubbing in portuguese br
  19. @daavilefx: Thats the issue with modern solutions:
Fixing muscle bottlenecks with more muscle bottlenecks.
  20. @LorenzoJimenez: Besides AI, what uses a cluster of macs can have? A web server or database server farm?

- How to set up OpenClaw on Mac mini (full tutorial): Kind: captions Language: en If you've been seeing Cladbot everywhere and are wondering how to set it up, in this video we're going to cover exactly how to set up Cloudbot or [music] as it's now called Moltbot from scratch, we'll cover whether you should run it on a Mac Mini [music] or a VPS. We'll go through every single terminal command that you have to run in order to get this thing going. And then we'll talk about some ways people are using it right now to deliver insane [music] value, whether you are an individual or a company. and I'll try to focus specifically on ones that are nonobvious or go past the [music] basic AI use cases. If you've always wanted your own always AI agent, this is one of the best ways to do it. And if you're not familiar with Cloudbot, it is an AI agent that you run yourself. It can run [music] 24/7. You basically set it up, connect it to an LLM, connect it to a chat, [music] then you message it, and it can take a ton of different actions for you. It's like another employee that's [music] working 24/7 to do whatever you want it to do. There's even a marketplace called Claude Hub where you can get different tools [music] and plugins that other people have now built for Cloudbot. It's really powerful. With that, let's jump in. Now, before we install anything, you have two different places that you can run this. You can run it on a VPS or a virtual private server, which is on the cloud, or you can run it yourself locally with something like a Mac Mini. Doesn't have to be a Mac Mini. Could be a Mac Studio, some other computer like that, but most people are using Mac minis. Now, some pros for a VPS. It is always on. That's great. You can access it from anywhere. And it's got a little bit cleaner separation from your personal computer. But there is more setup complexity. You have to be a little bit more technically skilled to set that up. There's also a monthly cost, which isn't super high, but if you're going to use this for a long time, it does add up, especially if you want to pay for more advanced ones with better security features, which you probably will if you're using it at the highest level. It's also typically a bit less secure. you are now putting everything in the hands of someone else and they have security protocols but by nature you have to do a little bit more to secure it. A lot of people like Mac Mini because it's all right there. You own it locally. It's not connected to the cloud. Now for Mac Mini, some pros. The setup is definitely going to be easier. It's great for testing and learning and you own it locally. So again, it is more secure. It will cost more upfront. So just keep that in mind, but depending on how long you're going to run this, it could work out. You also get to own it. So you have everything in house, which a lot of people think is cool. Also, if you want a discount on a Mac Mini and upgraded, right now we are giving away 5.25% off all Mac minis with the code clawbot. But Mac minis aren't perfect. Some of the cons are just with the uptime. If there's some sort of outage or the machine goes to sleep and you do lose uptime. All right, now let's jump into actually setting it up. I'm going to go to my computer and walk you through it. In order to install CloudBot, there are just a few commands that we need to run in terminal. So, we'll do command space open >> 5.25 terminal >> 5.25. So, I'll tell you what these are. I'll also list them in the description so you can just copy and paste because it's pretty annoying to have to type all of these out. Another way to do it is just to ask chatgbt what um what commands to run, which is what I did here. And so, I'll copy them from there. So, first we need to install homebrew, which just allows you to install more stuff. [snorts] I already have these installed because I've set it up. Um, but just to show you what the process is. So, here you have to type in your password. It might make you do this, might not. For me, it does cuz I'm like secondary account on here. Boom. Return to enter. And then it's loading. Cool. Now that is set up. Second thing is we are going to install Node.js. So again, just copy and paste that. For me, it's already installed. You might get a slightly different message. If you want to check if uh if you've installed it correctly and it's working, you can just do nodev. That'll tell you the version. Then we're going to install PNMP. And then for the last part, we're going to go to Cloudbot's website. It has a new name. It's called Moltbot. Um people still kind of call it both. They had to change it because Anthropic was not happy that it sounded so similar to Claude, which honestly is fair. All right, so we've got that. We're going to go back to terminal, paste that, and it will install. This could take a little bit, so just let it run through. It will ask you to go through a couple different selections. Now, when you are selecting what model to use, you can choose any model. Obviously, you're going to get better performance with the higher models. I am going to choose a lower model to save a little bit of money on compute costs. One thing to note though is that if you're using OpenAI to use any of the reasoning models, you have to have your account verified in order to use them. If you don't, it won't work. So, if you haven't done that before, make sure that you do it or just choose a different model like GPT4 or GPT40. Those aren't reasoning models. And then it'll work right away. Verification can take a little bit. So, if you're trying to move quick, it's best to just avoid that. All right. So now what we're going to do is go and create a new secret key here. Again I'm in open AI but you can use a different LLM if you want key. We will create our secret key. So now I'm going to copy this. Obviously I'll blur it so you guys don't steal my stuff. [clears throat] But you're going to take that. You're going to enter it here. Then you're going to select your channel. So this is how you are going to message the bot. What I would recommend, what most people would recommend for getting started is going to be Telegram. They have the easiest bot setup. You don't need any sort of long approval process or things like that. So if I were you, I'd start with Telegram. Then you could add in something like a WhatsApp or Discord or iMessage, but it can be complicated. So I've selected Telegram. Now it's going to ask me for my Telegram bot token. These are pretty easy to get. Um you'll just open up Telegram. I'm just going to download it for Mac. So, I've got Telegram here. I'm just gonna search for BotFather. Open. And now I have bot from some other project, but I'm going to create a new one here. Call this Clawbot. Call it Ben's Clawbot. Cool. Now that is created. I will copy my secret key. And then we're going to go back into terminal. We'll enter enter that here. We will select yes for configure skills. Now, and then here when it asks what your preferred node manager for skill installs is, it doesn't really matter, but if you're new, I would select npm. That's the best for beginners. So then here it's going to ask if you want to install missing skill dependencies. So these are tools that can connect to Claudebot so that you can use them. And so this is up to you which ones you want to install, but anything that you know of that you're thinking of using, I would recommend. So for example, I am going to install Apple Notes. You just press you just use the arrow keys, press space to select, and then enter once you're once you're ready. CloudHub like this is you can use um eat sleep, which is cool. Google Workspace, that's good. iMessage nana banana. I'll use PDFs. Yep. And now we will let it install. All right, so we've got those installed. It will ask you for API keys for some of them. I just hit no just to make it quick. If you have those, you want to set them up right away, you can. Otherwise, you can add it in later. Then it will ask about hooks, which lets you automate actions when certain commands are issued. You can always change these later. Um, so it's not really a big deal right now. I enabled the one for session memory so that when you uh do slash new that stores the session memory just so you have that for later. Now we're getting towards the end of this part. So it's asking how you want to hatch your bot. I would hatch in TUI. So just to make sure everything is running correctly, I'm going to run this command cloudbot help. And then this sort of stuff should pop up which shows you different commands that you can use, options, things like that. Now you know this is working. It's set up. So now you can see that the chatbot is responding. Cloudbot is set up, ready to go. So now we can message our bot on Telegram. I have this set up here. So I just say, "Hi, what are some cool things you can help me with? I'm a content marketer." And now it is responding. Now for use cases, instead of talking through each one, I'm going to throw up a list here of some of the top use cases that we're seeing. But the cool thing is you can get really creative here. Like I said, there's this thing called Claude Hub, which is a marketplace for people building different connections, different tools, different plugins that you can use with Cloudbot. So, this is expanding very quickly, and we're going to see a lot more innovation here. If you have any more questions, feel free to drop them in the comments. You can also check out the official Cloudbot Discord. There's tons of people helping there. I'll try to help as well in the comments. Overall, this is a really cool new piece of technology that's coming out. I'm expecting to see a lot of exciting stuff being done with it. It's very new. People just started talking about it like a few days ago. And so we have a lot of room to grow

  Top Comments:
  1. @upgradedofficial [4 likes]: If you want to take your OpenClaw usage to the next level, I put together this free guide with 10 prompts and 10 OpenClaw skills to help you level up. You can get it here: 
https://ben-stevenson.kit.com/openclawguide
  2. @CharlieMarshall-j1y [3 likes]: 5.25% off 🗣️🔥
  3. @Lvj22 [3 likes]: Hey.  Thanks for this video.  I am a month late- will that impact the initial commands that I run? I just got the Mac mini and have not installed anything on it.
  4. @cashtivity [1 likes]: Are we okay to use our phone number for telegram or do we need a new telegram not connected to our number? I also have a chatgptpro account from my personal email. Does that matter? Still would not be giving access to my personal email. Thanks in advance
  5. @TanujBolisetty [1 likes]: I hear about security issues for openclaw .. how to protect ourself
  6. @eric8782TM [1 likes]: Hey I am currently stuck on the telegram and Google api key. Kind of frustrating
  7. @ammaryasir3551 [1 likes]: its enough M1 mac mini with 16gb ram and 512ssd ?
  8. @natesnautical: Where is the document that your following?
  9. @amitlevi3231: Did you connect your Apple ID?
  10. @trojansky2348: Can you do this with perplexity ai?
  11. @bradpayn1839: you obviously cannot bring yourself down to training level..The smart people , well they don't need your help! just saying!
  12. @GoGoWLD-007: Vocalfryyyyyyy + 90s hairdo 

Dude 😅🤯
  13. @vitalii1918: So strange. How is it different from what was there before? I'm sure integrations with "messengers" were a thing before. For sure tools like Cursor has developed are much more sophisticated in terms of how they use agents and plan complex tasks. And tool calling in general is a thing that is not new.

I assume 99% of open claw users never heard of self hosted OpenWebUI as hub where you can have chat with any LLM provider within the same interface, chat history with different LLM families in a single place etc, never heard of LiteLLM which is a proxy software that you also self host and that is where you store a gozziilion of your API keys to different LLM providers while exposing only one or however many you actually need (maybe you have more than one user or want to track token use by your different apps etc).
And it's actually safe to assume most of them are not active users of code editors with AI bells and whistles, like windsurf, cursor etc. Not to mention something more complex, line n8n, which I think is also self-hostable, it's a tool for automation.

To me it makes more sense to use these, that to try and figure out OpenClaw. It does not look complicated, but I don't understand the appeal. I certainly understand why that Nvidia guy tries to make this thing look incredibly appealing. You can tell it burns tokens like crazy.
  14. @joaovitor12full: why use a mac mini? it could be just a raspberry pi, right?
  15. @sheshenainaiheeman8026: This did not work at all and chatgpt kept getting me to errors. save your time and only use Claude for the instructions its 1000x better than chatgpt
  16. @muratozkan8394: I have a question. Assume I have a mac mini but at work I need a program that can only be used on windows. How do i manage this scenario
  17. @mattcarpenter801: why use mac mini and not a basic pc model which is cheaper
  18. @Alpha-Alpha: speak up a bit would be better
  19. @keenon755: 5.25 percent off
  20. @Lyonheart88: Doesn’t seem like it’s working anymore. I’m getting invalid option with the first prompt

- Your Mac Has Hidden VRAM… Here's How to Unlock It: Kind: captions Language: en If your Apple silicon machine, like a MacBook or a little Mac mini, doesn't have much RAM and you still want to run large language models that are decently sized, you can download more RAM. You can't download more RAM, but there is a trick you can do to allow your system to use more memory. Here I've got the base model M4 MacBook Air and it only has 16GB of unified memory. So, when I open up LM Studio and I try to load GPT-OSS-20B, a pretty popular model, look at that. It's 11.28GB on disk, which should be okay for a 16GB machine, right? Let's load it up. Load model. There it goes. It's trying. Desperately trying to load that model. Oh, what happened here? Oh, no. Failed to load the model. Oh, please check the settings and try loading it again. That's not going to help. You You can't just check the settings without doing anything and try loading it again. That's like the definition of insanity. You need to make some changes. So, let's take a look at LM Studio. You can go to settings down here. And if you go to the hardware tab, it'll show you what you have available. There you go. Apple M4, RAM is 16GB and VRAM is 11.84GB. So, LM Studio actually tells you you can't use all of 16GB. There's some memory that needs to be allocated for other tasks, like your operating system and other things you're running. There's things like the kernel, the IO buffers, Windows server, GPU driver, compressed memory pool, and all the background tasks. You can see some of these actually running if you go to activity monitor and take a look. There they are. Hey, look at that. They're using some memory. Now, macOS is pretty good at handling this stuff, putting aside what's not being used, compressing the rest, and things like that. But, there is a limit to it, right? If you're trying to load a model that's going to be bigger than this 11.84GB with context, that is. Cuz when you start to load GPT-OSS-20B, estimated memory usage is 9.26, total is 12.34. So, we need a a bit more, don't we? I'm going to show you how to download this RAM. All right, enough of that joke. I'm not going to show you how to download RAM. I'm going to show you this command here. Right now, if you take a look at this command, sudo, which means you're going to need to execute this as admin account. >> Hey Mom, some guy on the internet told me to run a weird command on my computer. Okay, just be careful, dear. >> It's like, hey Mac, what's the maximum amount of memory the GPU is allowed to lock and keep for itself, right, kid? >> Huh? And then this command will show you what this limit is set to right now. You need to enter your password, and usually it's zero by default. And that's the default setting, but you can change that. 8192. Why the weird number, Alex? Well, these all have to be powers of two, like memory. It goes 2 4 8 16, and it goes up from there. 8192 is 4096 * 2. These are all powers of two, and it's used all throughout computing. That's how things just work really well. I'm going to set that, and now if I run that initial command to check and that's set, 8192. Let's restart LM Studio. What do you think is going to happen here? I've just set the memory limit in megabytes to basically half of 16 GB. So, if I check hardware, look at that, VRAM is now 8 GB instead of 16. So, it's even less. You get where I'm going here, right? I'm just showing you that basically you can alter it, you can make it less, you can make it more, and LM Studio is a good tool to show you it graphically, which is pretty cool. So, now let's go a little higher, so we can actually load that model. Well, should we set it to 16 GB? No, because if you do, you're going to break things. Why the heck not? You know what? This channel is for that kind of thing. I break things so you don't have to. I'm going to set it to 16,000, and this is probably not going to be good. Yeah, it's set to 16,000. Let's quit LM Studio. Hey, maybe it'll work. I don't know. Let's see. Things are still working and snappy. Let's check hardware. VRAM is set to 15.63 GB. Um, I'm pretty sure that's not a good idea. This is probably not very safe, but I'm going to go ahead and try to load this 20 billion parameter model. Load. Let's see what's happening here. Let's take a look at the activity monitor and the memory pressure. The memory used is going up and there it goes. It's going up. Oh, well, it's making me a little nervous here. Look at that. It's orange now and now it's going back down and it loaded. It loaded. What? Okay, I'm going to keep an eye on that little window there while I try to run a prompt. New chat. Write a story. Boom. It doesn't matter what the prompt is. It's just going to generate text no matter what. And it's working. That's crazy. The memory used is 15.65 GB. The memory pressure is crazy high. It's not in the red though. Sometimes it turns red and that's really not good. But this is actually working. Do I recommend that you set that setting? No. You want to leave a little bit of room unless this is all you're doing with this machine. If you're operating your Mac Mini in headless mode, for example, and you can do that on all the Apple silicon machines. Mac Studios. In fact, uh, back here I have a cluster of Mac Studios where I can run really gigantic models sharing the memory between all those. I had to go in there and manually adjust the available memory. Each one of those boxes has 512 GB of memory, but by default that wired limit in megabytes is set to zero, which is by default going to be calculated about 75% of what's available. So if you want to squeeze a little bit more out of that to be able to run large models, that's the setting you want to use. Now, going back to a small machine like this one. Look at that. 16.72 tokens per second. I'm going to actually set the memory limit to something more reasonable and this is the number I'm going to use. 14336 on a 16 GB machine, which is still not the safest thing you can do, but it'll allow me to have a couple of gigabytes to run for some background processes and still have enough room to run GPT-OSS. Going to restart LM Studio because it needs to restart to detect those changes and yeah, so 14 GB now is allocated to VRAM. And now I can load my model GPT-OSS 20B. There's that memory pressure going up again, but in the end it loaded. Write a story, thought for a brief moment, and off it goes. Now, if you want to see some huge models running, check out my video on that cluster over there. That video is right over here. Thanks for watching [music] and I'll see you next time.

  Top Comments:
  1. @mikewilsher1005 [1 likes]: When you located 16000MB,.. It loaded - and it is using swap, swap is on you SSD which is SLOW, but yeah it works. You don't want to beat up your SSD so try a bit smaller reservation. Good video though!!
  2. @BrianBerneker: Does anybody else remember SoftRAM for Windows 95?
  3. @Blytonerd: Does it work on the Macbook Neo
  4. @TRDTYukiTV: I'm new to Mac, what software do people use to load AI images or create AI images
  5. @erperejildo: What's a safe number for a Air M5 with 16gb?
  6. @davidmm6644: Will this increase performance in videogames?
  7. @gadjox: F Apple for intentionally making large memory models inaccessible. There are Lenovos with 32gb under 1000$. Even today.
  8. @Ezovskih: why just not run llms on 16gb hardware? no?
  9. @steveharmancambridge: The System, Runtime and Hardware options shown in this video are only visible if you enable Developer Mode inside LM Studio's settings beforehand.  Not sure if that was covered.
  10. @tommyjakobsen5504: RAM is no problem, the main problem is Cloud.. Cost Cost Cost....and they want more for Less space..
  11. @RandyP-jr1ek: Alex, I think your leaving a ton of $money on the table; especially if you don’t produce an “AI guide book” for people like us! Great content, absolutely terrific.
  12. @keneabsolomon3875: i dont have a mac but ok
  13. @vladi1475S: Yes, install Linux XUbuntu that uses 500MB of RAM and the rest is for you to use! 😁
  14. @klauszinser: Increased RAM. Can this be used for other purposes, too?
  15. @tocktube: Note it will reset after every reboot.
  16. @SkruxLabs-vq4ho: In this video Alex discovers a way to push your OS into swap on macOS for the lulz.
  17. @TyroneTheBackyardigan: Man that thumbnail is absolutely hilarious. Definitely made me click.
  18. @murrrr8288: If you were wondering what happens when mac runs out of memory, it becomes super slow. It can even halt everything. If it happens, you need to force close apps with keyboard shortcuts. It'll take minutes to do, so have patience!
  19. @devlinmedia9269: In terminal I typed: sudo sysctl iogpu.wired_limit_mb                 which resulted in the following :  sysctl: unknown oid 'iogpu.wired_limit_mb'  why didn't I get a zero like you said in your video? I am using a: 2.3 GHz 8-Core Intel Core i9 AMD Radeon Pro 5500M 4 GB 16 GB 2667 MHz DDR4
  20. @ThePatriotPirate: you're loading a GGUF model on Apple Silicon, You should ONLYYYYYYY load MLX models, nothing else, period, end of discussion, on Apple Silicon

- I Bought 4 Mac Minis to Run My AI Agents (OpenClaw Setup & Tutorial): Kind: captions Language: en What's going on everyone? This is Kevin from Kevin Builds, and today we are going to be launching Open Claw on three new Mac minis. Um, I've got one over here, so I'm going to be going over how to use those dongles, how to set everything up, so let's get right into it. All right, everyone, so we are on the computer now. We have set up all of the Mac minis. Um, what I'm going to be doing is, number one, answering the question as to why I got four Mac minis to run Open Claw, and then number two, we're going to be walking through some of the basic setup, cuz all these three Mac minis, this one, two, three over here, uh, these were all set up off completely new setup, so I'm going to be walking you through exactly what I did to get to this stage, cuz there were a couple steps. But, the first thing I want to address is, um, you know, why I got four of these. So, I was using Open Claw on one Mac mini, and it was going great, it was awesome, it was doing my video editing for me. If you guys saw my other video where I got millions of views using Open Claw, I had my main Mac mini with Open Claw, it was set up on the video editing, the production system. So, we generate those videos using my B-roll, generates a voiceover, does the scripting and recording, um, does everything for me. Does all the research, what's going to go viral, and it's been working. We've got about 4 million views in the last month across all my platforms, so it's been going good. All right, now what we're going to be doing is, let me go ahead and explain the first thing that I did. Once you're inside your Mac mini, you're going to set it up from complete scratch. It's going to have Safari on there. The first thing you're going to do is you're going to download Chrome, log into Chrome, and, um, sign in with a dummy email. Do not use your personal information on Open Claw, that is security nightmare. You don't want to give it access to anything personal, so create a burner email. And then, um, if you're doing multiple, sign into a burner email, but if you're just on one, sign into that one. Then, once you're in on Chrome, you're going to want to go to this website called Jump Desktop. This is how I'm able to stream it. Right now, I'm on my MacBook Pro, and you can see I'm streaming all four of my Mac minis right now. Um, to get a license on here, you want to go ahead, go to the App Store on your Mac, and buy Jump Desktop. It's going to be about 35 bucks, but it's not on a monthly, it's just a one-time, so you buy it on there, and then you're able to connect. As soon as you do that, you're going to go to Jump Desktop, the website over here. You're going to go to downloads on the top right. Then you're going to select this one on the right. Now, when you select this one, you're going to download Jump Desktop onto your onto your device. It's going to prompt you for the installation, add in some permissions. As soon as you do that, you're going to be able to stream it. And I did this for all three of them over here. Now, what we're going to do right now is we're going to actually open up the terminal for all of this. So, let me go ahead, copy this. We're going to go to the OpenClaw website, copy this over here. Then on Spotlight, we're going to go to terminal. Open up terminal. And we're just going to leave this right here. The other thing I need to mention is once you do the um Jump Desktop, you're going to go on Spotlight, search up screen lock screen. And you need to do this so your Mac mini never turns off. So, what you have to do is you have to make sure this is set to never. This is set to never. It's going to ask you to put in your password, just do that. Go to energy, and then make sure you turn this on over here uh because we never want the Mac mini to turn off. And if you saw in the beginning of the video, you saw those little HDMI adapters, you're going to want to go to Amazon and search up dummy HDMI adapter. Um I got one of the whichever one of these really works. I got a 4K 120 Hz one. Just order these, and I've got about four of them all on my Mac minis. That way I don't have to plug it into any kind of monitor, and they always stay on. So, this is how you're able to always be able to get into the Mac minis from wherever you're at. I just have Jump Desktop on my main MacBook Pro. I'm able to go in and stream it as you can see over here. But yeah, once you do the screen lock and everything like that, now it comes to the part where we have to go ahead and install this. So, we're going to be installing it on all of them, and um we're also going to be touching on open router as well. This is open router over here. We're going to be touching on this a little bit later when we're hooking up OpenClaw. But for now, let's go ahead and run everything over here. So, let me just go ahead, make sure terminals open on everything. Now again, if you're following along, um you're not going to have to do this on three machines. I'm just going to be setting everything up from scratch on uh all of these. So now that we've got this opened up over here, we're just going to copy this over here. This is how you get started. And usually what I found whenever I'm setting this up, I have to put in sudo before. That way it'll actually go in. You're just going to put in your password and then it'll go ahead and start installing homebrew and start installing openclaw on all your machines. So this usually takes about 10 minutes to do or 10 minutes for it to install everything. Yeah, you know, it's it's not really that difficult. You just got to install it. It's you know, not complicated. You just let it run and then I'll tell you what to do once you get to the next stage cuz it's going to ask you a question. You've got to make sure that you do not select no cuz I did have a problem one time. I was trying to speed run it. I selected no and I just had to go back and forth to chat GPT like how do I go back to the setup? How do I how do I restart the setup and everything like that? So I'll let you know once we're there. But this is going to be running right now. I'm going to go ahead pause this over here. It's going to take about 10 minutes at the most. You know, it could take five, but we're going to pause and then once we get to the next stage, I'll let you know. All right. So one of these did finish down here. So it's going to ask you for your password. I'm going to put it over here and then wait for the other ones. All right. So we're finally back. So that took some time. It probably took like 10 minutes for it to to finish up at least on all these other machines. So this is the question that I was talking about a little bit earlier. You have to make sure you select yes on all of these or just on in your screen just yes on on the first one. If you collect no, then you're going to have to go figure out how to get back into the setup, but I just recommend on this question over here, click the left arrow on your keyboard, click yes, and then continue. So that's what we're going to do right now. And then on this next question, yeah, just do quick start. This is where you're going to select your model over here. Now like I mentioned earlier in the video, what we're going to be doing is we're going to be using open router. So you guys want to create an account over here. It's free to create. What you're going to do is as soon as you're logged in, you're just going to go to credits over here. This is where you're going to be um your model. So you're going to go to API keys and you're going to create one over here. Now, I'm not going to create one right here just because I've already got my API keys on another account, but it's pretty simple. You just click create, you name it, and then it'll give you a key. You copy that key and you save it somewhere secure. You don't just save it anywhere on your computer. You got to make sure it's password protected and only you can access it over there. What we're going to do over here is we're going to go look for open router. Select open router, paste API key, and for obvious reasons I'm not going to show you the key that I created over here. So, I'm just going to select this on all of these and then I'll get back to you once I finish it up. So, I just pasted the API key into all of them. Now, what I'm going to be doing for the models, I'm going to be selecting 4.6 for all of them. Now, like I mentioned earlier, you know, this can get pretty expensive, but I'm just going to do 4.6 for the onboarding. If you're just using one Mac Mini, I'd still recommend 4.6. I don't use Opus. I know a lot of people do, but Opus is just way too expensive. So, I usually use Sonnet. And on these machines, I'm going to use Sonnet for the onboarding. Then, once we have everything good to go with train on all my skills, we'll just switch it over to something like Haiku or Gemini Flash. Over here, when you set up your channels, you want to do Telegram. I'd recommend doing Telegram. It's just, you know, it's awesome. I use it all the time. You can do threads on there. It's pretty cool. For the Telegram bot API setup, it is pretty easy to do. Just make sure you have Telegram downloaded on your phone. You sign in. You're going to create a new chat and you're going to at the at over here that says BotFather. So, you're just going to at BotFather. You're going to do {slash} new bot. It's going to ask you what kind of name do you want for the bot? Just put a name for the bot. It's going to ask you for a username. Put in the username with the underscore bot. Then, it's going to give you your key that you can paste in over here. I've already done this, so I'm just going to paste in the key and then we'll move on to the next step. Search provider over here, I'm just going to skip this. I'll just do this later. Skills as well, I'm also going to configure this later. Now, I should mention this. If you guys do want to join the school group to get these skills, Um, you guys saw that other video about how we got millions of views and everything, we've got that skill built out. So, if you just want to implement it, save yourself thousands of dollars in API credits trying to figure out how to build it yourself, um, we've got it so where you could just implement it, get the video system, and you can save yourself a lot of money. On this step, you can just click, uh, skip. Skip this, too. And when we get this question over here, where do you want to hatch your bot, we're just going to click, uh, open WebUI. It's going to go and load us in over here. And this is where you can go and talk with your bot. You can talk with it locally over here, or you can just go to Telegram and talk with it over there. Now, I'm not going to show the Telegram part just because you got to do the pairing code sometimes, um, and then just load that in over here. You can just give your pairing code over here to chat, and then it'll configure Telegram. And then from there, you're just able to talk with your bot. So, that's pretty much how to set up Open Claw on your Mac mini. Um, if you guys do want to join the group, I'll leave a link down below. You can get all the skills over there, learn a little bit more about Open Claw from someone that actually uses it for real business purposes. I don't just use it to check emails. I don't even have the email skill set up, I don't believe, in some of those, uh, crappy features on there. I use it to do real work, automate specific tasks in my agency so I don't have to hire virtual assistants on Upwork, deal with people who have to go to sleep, have to eat, are slow, sometimes just don't get the job done right the first time. I like to build systems where I can control the business and control the output. So, if you guys want to learn more, or you guys want to join the group, get in touch. Uh, the link's going to be down below. Hope you enjoyed the video, and I'll see you on the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @FrankPerkins [14 likes]: On the Minis, enable sharing: Screen Sharing (VNC) and Remote Login (SSH). You don't need to download/buy anything extra.
  2. @jrod6902 [3 likes]: Good shit man, proud of you
  3. @m.wengler898 [2 likes]: …and how much does it cost every month to run this solution on a Mac Mini ?
  4. @Asbeyys [2 likes]: Why buying Mac Minis if you are using the OpenRouter Models, Minis are useless if you dont run the model locally, for that you could've done the same with a 4 rasberry pi
  5. @LarryRuiz-c3s [1 likes]: do you also sign in to burner apple id or is it ok to use your main one?
  6. @HaneezHaroon [1 likes]: Is it okay to use the my Apple ID or should I create a separate one?
  7. @kevenbuilds: If you want a custom AI system, automation, or internal tool built for your business, book a call with me here: https://api.leadconnectorhq.com/widget/bookings/custom-ai-system-build-quote

You describe what you need built — I’ll map out the best way to do it and, if it’s a fit, I can build it for you.
  8. @GodlikeTechnology: Whats the specs on those mac mini
  9. @m.wengler898: Great breakdown 🙏👌
Do you need to do some kind of backup ongoing (Time Machine fx) on a separate HD
  10. @KevBuildsApps: nice username haha
  11. @redlobsta1: why not set it up to use local models?
  12. @TOMMYYIPXYZ: Very cool!
  13. @ZaaZoJo: What do the dongles do?
  14. @ByteExplorer: Why use jump desktop over tailscale and Mac’s native screen sharing functionality?
  15. @159648sentile: Lol stop buying mac minis for this you fools😂 you literally wasting THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS. Yall basically are just paying to have imessage. You could do the same things on a way cheaper intel nucs and telegram 😂😂😂
  16. @christeder: Why four of them? Or do you have a completely local AI system with nothing running in the cloud? Still, it’s hard to compete with cloud services, but for smaller tasks, sure
  17. @SBraind: Wich mac mini M4 is recommended, 16gb / 24gb / 32gb? Thanks

- Who needs 3 Mac Minis...?: Kind: captions Language: en The M4 Mac Mini has been one of Apple's best hardware releases in recent memory, mostly due to the highly optimized ARM CPU, small footprint, and the insane affordability. And this was before that little thing called AI got popular. With the sudden craze of Open Claw, the M4 Mac Mini became one of the most sought-after devices seemingly overnight. Well, I've already tested the M4 Mac Mini as a home server and even ran some AI workloads on it with surprising results. But what if we take it a step further? Because if one Mac Mini is great, then uh two must be better. And if two is great, then three must be better than that. And if three is great, then I'm kidding. I only have three. The idea is that I want to create a Mac Mini cluster to see if the whole is actually greater than the sum of the parts. So, let me actually set this up in my cute little 3D printed cluster thingy. Beautiful. Now, I'm sure you've seen quite a few videos on people making clusters out of Macs. Most recently, the Mac Studio. This is because the Mac Studios and even some of the Mac Minis have a little trick up their sleeve called RDMA, which essentially lets each of them talk to each other super fast over a Thunderbolt connection. Well, the M4 Mac Mini doesn't have that, but they do have regular old Thunderbolt 4, which I'm thinking should be good enough. You see, when running AI workloads on a single machine, the entire model is contained to that single device. Duh. But when you're clustering and the inference for the model is spread across different devices, then you need to make sure that they can talk to each other as fast as possible or you're going to be severely bottlenecked. I mean, we're still going to be bottlenecked by Thunderbolt 4, but how much? Well, we're going to have to see. So, of course, we are here at MicroEnter, which is honestly one of the best places where you can come and check to see if there are any Mac minis in stock cuz like we discussed, they're a hot commodity right now. So, come check out Microenter. Not just because they're sponsoring this video, it's because we love MicroEnter, right? We love MicroEnter. So, why is the Mac Mini so good for AI? Why is everyone flocking to get these for their open claw instance? Well, it's simply because of their unified memory. But what is unified memory? Well, in all of Apple's chips, the RAM is pretty much built into the CPU. So, they can talk to each other super fast, all in one chip. Unified. The reason this is so beneficial is because when you run AI models, they're all stored directly in the memory. So, if the memory can talk to the CPU and GPU super fast, then great, your model's going to run better. Now, what Apple's done here with the Mac Mini is they've come in at a super affordable price. So, $600 for any system with unified memory is crazy, and that's why people love them. They're super cost effective. So, the one we're going with here is the baseline model. For $600, you get the M4 Mac Mini with 16 GB of unified memory. And what you also get is Thunderbolt 4, which we will use to cluster these. Now, this isn't your only option. Obviously, the Mac Mini also comes in other flavors like the M4 Pro version which gives you even more unified memory and Thunderbolt 5 with RDMA and also its big brother over here with the Mac Studio. So, with the Mac Studio, you also get even more memory, faster CPU and GPU and Thunderbolt 5 and RDMMA. So, obviously, it's going to cost more, but you're going to get better performance. But for us, what we want to do is we want to see if we go with the most affordable Mac Mini, is this viable as a cluster? So, only one way to find out. So, in terms of hardware, you really don't need much. The Macs will each just be set up like they would any other Mac, but we're just going to connect each of them to each other via a Thunderbolt cable. So, the connection kind of looks like a triangle. And that's it. That's the hardware setup. Now we actually get to jump into the software and start by configuring the Thunderbolt bridge on each device. We have to go into the network settings, create the Thunderbolt bridge, and assign it a static IP. What's cool about Mac OS is how easy they make it to bridge these connections rather than having to have separate IPs per Thunderbolt connection cuz you see we have two per Mac mini. Once you do that on each device, ensuring that they're in the same subnet, you should be in a spot where they can talk to each other. Neat. The software we're going to use for our cluster to function as an actual single entity rather than three individual nodes is a program called Exo. I'd say it's pretty much the go-to right now for Mac OS clustering since it gives you solid optimal clustering performance with Apple's native MLX. It's got a clean UI and it's super easy to set up. You legit just install it on each machine and it automatically finds your other nodes on the same network and will default to use any Thunderbolt network. is actually comically easy. So, here we are loaded up in the UI. After everything is connected to each other, it spins up its own web UI. You don't have to do literally anything else except navigate to one of the IP addresses of one of your nodes and the port that it runs on, which is 52415. So, the first thing you'll notice is the layout of your machines listed here. And you can see it represented by the actual physical connections we have, which is a triangle, meaning that each node can talk directly to the other in a triangle configuration. Makes sense. This is a triangle. The other thing you'll notice up here at the top left is RDMA is not enabled, which makes sense because we don't have RDMA on the M4 chips, but we do have it on the M4 Pros and the Mac Studio. So, if you have that and you have it enabled, it will automatically use RDMA. Again, no configurations needed from the user. Exo, like I said before, is just comically easy to set up and use. So, to get started actually using it, you'll come over here into load model. When you click that, it'll recommend some models for you that will fit in your setup, which is extremely nice. You don't have to go through the zillion different models and decide which one or which ones can fit in your setup. these this will tell you right here. It's nice. So, you see the popular ones here. Uh Quinn 3.5, 3.4, GLM 4.7, Gemma, Nvidia has their own. So, they have the Neotron Nano, uh Llama model, and yeah, those are those are the big boys. Or you can just browse uh Hugging Face and download whatever ones you want. But yeah, let's pick one out here. And I think I've already uh downloaded Quinn 3.59B. So for 9B you can see here uh we can actually use either the 4bit or the 8bit quantization. Uh I believe if you come over here into downloads you'll see which ones have actually been downloaded to each uh node which is extremely convenient. So you can see we actually already have the Quinn 3.59B uh 8bit and 4bit on all of our nodes. Now, with each node, I think it's really cool how they show you the the important statistics for each one. So, utilization, uh, temperature and power of each along with how much VRAMm you have available and how much you're using on each. And that's what is going to fill up this little uh, yellow bar here. And when you load in a model, uh, you can launch different instances of it. So, over here, you'll see that model on one node. Do you want to run it on two nodes? or do you want to run it on all three? So, since this is a 10 gigabyte uh model, you can run it on just one. So, if we launch it on just a single node, it'll load that up and it's ready to chat. Just like that, you can start talking to it. And you can tell over here, uh, it is running on this node since you by based on the bar, it's loaded up a bit more than the others. Let's do a chicken dish. and it's going to start giving me a recipe. So, just a generic uh chatbot. You guys have used a chatbot before, I assume, in the year 2026 at this point. So, yeah, you get it. Um, and down here, it'll give you the stats. So, here you can see we're hitting 21 tokens per second, which is about what you'd expect on a single Mac Mini. Now, what we can do is load in a larger model. So Quinn 3.5 27B 8bit and since it is such a large model we only have one option and that is to run it on every single node. Ready to chat and you can see we are using pretty much all of our VRAM here. 14.2 out of 16 14 out of 16 14.1 out of 16. So this is probably the biggest model we can run. And uh let's try the same thing. And you can see um it's uh a bit slower obviously and we'll certainly talk about that. But one other cool feature in Exo is the integrations. So if you go over here there are uh integrations for all your favorite uh UIs for using AI and along with the URL endpoints for uh common APIs. So OAMA claude and open AAI. So the cool thing about this is that we can run something like open web UI and it'll use that Olama endpoint to talk to this entire cluster as it would a just singular node. I think it's running on my MacBook. Cut to me using Open Web UI with this cluster. And uh yeah, it's pretty cool. You can legitimately treat this as you would just a single node except that it's a cluster of multiple nodes. Really awesome, really cool software. I'm honestly amazed at how simple it is to use. So, right away, let's talk about when we ran our pretty standard consumer model Quen 3.59B Q4. Running that on a single M4 Mac Mini got us 21 tokens per second, which is pretty respectable. I'd say if you're between 20 and 30 tokens per second, that's roughly your sweet spot. any lower and it starts to feel slow and any higher and you're thinking about upping your quantization. Now, what happens if we run that same model across two Mac minis? Wait, 19 tokens per second. That's lower. Yes, and that is expected. I mentioned earlier that we'd have Thunderbolt bottlenecks here, and that's what we are seeing. AI models are extremely dependent on memory bandwidth. So, when that bandwidth is cut down to the speed of Thunderbolt 4, you're just going to see a drop in performance. There's no way around it. That combined with regular old TCP network overhead and Thunderbolt overhead. Yeah. And if we add another M4 Mac Mini, we still get 19 tokens per second. So clearly that Thunderbolt 4 connection is our physical limitation. But that's not entirely a bad thing cuz while our decode speed may have dropped, our memory pool got three times larger, meaning we can run some larger models. And you saw when I loaded up probably the largest model I can get on here. Quinn 3.5 27B Q8. So a pretty solid consumer model. This required all three Mac minis just to run. And we were getting a whopping 3.7 tokens per second. Yeah, obviously that's not going to knock your socks off. And you wouldn't use this for any realtime AI tasks like a chatbot, but you could use it for automated agents that run in the background. If you have some process that run overnight to check code changes or do some kind of forecasting, it may not matter if the process takes five minutes or an hour and that larger, more accurate model may be worth the slower speed. So, let's talk alternatives cuz I mean, we mentioned before that there's a M4 Pro Mac Mini with Thunderbolt 5 and RDMA as well as the M3 Ultra and M5 Mac M5 Max Mac Studios. That's I don't know why that's so hard to say. I gathered some benchmark numbers of those same models on these units. And one thing you'll notice is that they're faster. Duh. But what you also may have noticed is that when you add more M4 Pros for our larger model, the decode gets faster. Why? Well, that's because of the magic of Thunderbolt 5 and RDMMA, mostly RDMA, which essentially let your devices memory talk directly to each other without the typical network overhead. in a program like Exo that's heavily optimized to use RDMA, that's a big deal. So, let's break all of this down into some takeaways. I think we need to find out what the best setup is, and that's going to be dependent on a few things. Your use case, your budget, and your need for simplicity. Let's start with what I think is the category that most people fall into. You want to run local AI for things like openclaw and some casual tinkering. Even with the lower speeds, I think the base M4 Mac Mini takes it here. With 16 GB of memory, it can run your standard smaller consumer models and do so at a crazy affordable price while sipping like no power. I also like the base Mini for those just looking to expand their memory pool while already having a Mac Mini laying around. Now, what about those who are a bit more techsavvy and have a bit more dialed in use case for AI and know they'll be running some larger models? I think you have to go with the M4 Pro Mac Mini here. While it does cost more, it's still less than the Studios, and you can even get it with up to 64 GB of unified memory. You also get the Thunderbolt 5 with RDMA for future expandability. So, you can not only scale your memory pool, but also your decode speed for larger models. And I think you see where this is going, right? What if you're a professional with very demanding AI needs? Well, it basically comes down to the M3 Ultra or the M5 Max Max Studio. Or do you wait for the possible M5 Ultra Max Studio? Yeah, I won't speculate on that. But between those two, I'd say if you're running high-end consumer models, like anything around 70B with 8bit quantization, the M5 Max will be your winner. But when you get into larger, more dense models, the higher memory bandwidth on the M3 Ultra is going to take over. So, it really just depends on the models you're going to run, which I think you should probably know if you're looking to drop like $10,000 on a computer. But yeah, that is all I have for this one. Let me know what you think down in the comments. Are you running a cluster of Mac minis or are you just rocking a single one? If you like this video, then drop a like and subscribe because I may have another AI cluster video coming out very soon. I want to give a huge shout out to my YouTube members and my Patreons. You guys are my AI cluster that gets like a zillion tokens per second and uses like 10 watts of power. Y'all are efficient. And if you're still watching, you're USB 3.2 Gen 2. Thank you so much and I'll see you in the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @RBGgermanKX250F [1 likes]: Could one run different spec mac minis together? Or mini and a studio? Is there a limit on how many? 
Could you determine how much each one gets utilised or how it's utilised if you have different specachines?
  2. @naoufal5490: Can you give us t/s of qwen35b3b on this cluster ?
thanks
  3. @ReQuiem_2099: M4 Pro Mac Mini's will give you the TB5 RDMA crack you need. Of course at $1,400 new, still running at least $1k used 18mo later... You're looking at $4k for 96GB of unified memory over TB5.
  4. @focus77-y7z: so bottom line

1. if you want speed; get a single mac mini m4 pro (with highest ram)
2. if you are ok with slow processing and smarter AI; go with cluster (maybe for higher models for more reasoning and more robust AI)
  5. @CorneliusTaylor-s1u: I think Apple should've put a one mini limit on orders once they saw what was going on. A shame that the affordable Mac mini is no longer available due to such things. People that really needed such a wonderful and affordable computer can no longer get one. 🤨
  6. @DocEE-c8t4w: In the last year I progressively bought three Mac Mini 4's : two with 24GB and one with 32 GB RAM.  A year ago with just the two 24GB units I could run a 32GB LLM and even a 70GB model at less than 1 token per second.  But the new EXO release does not work.  I have the latest operating system and the little icons show that each machine recognizes the others, but I can get NO instance to work using more than one machine.  EXTREMELY frustrating  I should have just gotten a single bigger machine and forgotten about EXO altogether.
  7. @web3twon: Definitely should have ran the qwen 35b Moe model. Moe models are much more beneficial /faster on these devices  on these United memory devices
  8. @vidsyoh2324: Hi, doe RDMA only work with TB5 or also with TB4? I am confused because not a lot of info. For example can you pool a MBA M4 16GB with a M5 MacBook Pro 16GB, both non pro chips? 
Can you also use XO between a Linux machine with TB4 and Mac machine for pooling RAM?
Kind regards
  9. @williamp6800: I do! I do!

But these days I’d settle for one 🤷🏻‍♂️
  10. @AlanTheBeast100: @2:20 - The RAM is NOT built into the CPU.  It is tightly adjacent on a chip carrier board.  
(This is why some people have managed to upgrade their RAM on Mac Minis, etc. - not for the faint hearted)
For that matter you can look up the name of the memory maker in "System Information" (Option+).
  11. @MaccaRoot-g3u: @RaidOwl Can you share info on where to get this awesome multi mini Rack you have on the video? Store/3dPrinted? Thank you!
  12. @rcrit0: An unmentioned factor in favor of the Mac is that by comparison it sips power. Unlike say a 5090.
  13. @mr.franco4972: Where do I get the cluster rack?, I don't have 3d printer yet.
  14. @apurvagaurav8783: m5 max mac studio??
  15. @thorluis226: Now slate 7 pro
  16. @airtightbox: Flip those things and wait for the M5 Pro
  17. @Makebelieve123: wow so cool ! Would this have any benefits if you were dpoing music production? If so what would they be?
  18. @thattacoguy: Bigger number better.
Mac Mini good
Mac Mini x3 bigger so better.
  19. @justinelrod-v5j: Where can I get a custom rack like that? There isn’t a Micro Center near me. Do you have any service providers you would recommend for building a custom rack for two Mac minis and a Beelink?
  20. @Jon.musser: could you bond the thunderbolts in the front?

- Don't buy Mac mini M4, instead upgrade to Mac Studio M4 Max: Kind: captions Language: en Mac Mini or Mac Studio? This was exactly the question I had when I was in the market. Today I'm able to compare both. I've got the Mac Mini and I've got the Mac Studio and I've used both of these devices for about 2 weeks now. For me, Mac Mini is exceptionally great value. For majority of you, it would be perfect. The reason I got myself into Mac Min is because I've read so many reviews online which suggest that Mac Mini was such a powerful Mac in that particular form factor which to some extent is true but at the same time it's not the powerful Mac. It's good enough for getting the day-to-day stuff done. It's good enough for getting you know your usual kind of workflow but when it comes to more so professional work like video editing, photo editing and applying some color grading then I'll be also editing my audio files. then adding some sound effects, some video effects, and all that wasn't working as I expected it to be. And for me, spending the extra cash to get a desktop solution, then not being able to deliver the performance doesn't really make sense. And therefore, I then decided to go for a Mac Studio. For me, Mac Studio is designed to a slightly different use case. If you are doing video editing and a lot of that, and if you're doing photo editing and if you're doing some graphic work, just go for the base model. It has got enough power, enough calls to just do all the multitasking. I won't go into all the specs because I'm sure you've done that research and you can find a lot of that on Apple website. So, I'm not going to bore you with all that detail. I'm just going to give you my perspective in terms of how I found these devices useful in my workflow. And for me, the biggest thing was that the Mac Studio was able to do everything that I need plus more and it kind of futureroofed it. Whereas Mac Mini was able to do just about what I need today. And I could see that it's going to struggle in the future and therefore I decided to go for a Mac Studio rather than Mac Mini. and the Mac Mini is going back to Apple unfortunately. But if that's your situation right now that you are looking for something slightly more powerful, you're doing maybe video editing, photo editing, then don't go for a mini because you'll find it difficult over time and there will be a situation where you probably spend a bit more because you want to increase the RAM, you want to add more cores and you want to add bit more storage, then yeah, you you're getting close to the price range for a studio. I would recommend even taking a previous generation studio. It will be better performing Mac than the Mini. So, for me, it's not about price point. It's about what is your need and what are you going to get out of it and is that the right investment. If you're a power user and you need something much more dedicated and powerful device for your desktop, go for a Mac Studio. But if you're a casual users, you just need a desktop solution and you need to divide your work into on the- go and productivity at desk, then go for a Mac Mini. I wouldn't recommend Mac Mini for someone who is into the casual work plus doing maybe content, maybe creating videos, editing. Mini will struggle at times, but it still can do the task just like my MacBook Air is able to do that. But your Mac Studio is a better investment. Thank you for watching this video and staying till the end. I really appreciate it. It means a lot to me. Take care of yourself and I'll see you in the next

  Top Comments:
  1. @magnushar1676 [2 likes]: ahh..  these TikTok mic solutions, you are capable of more than this.
  2. @OiVinn-eq1ml [2 likes]: The ports & GPU is the reason why I got the Studio. I started to regret it due to not using the GPU. But then I realized the ports & future proofing was the reason why I kept it
  3. @huzainijai1184 [2 likes]: i can only afford m4 pro 64gb or m4 max 32gb. The discount for students make it 300$ diff only. Stuck between those 2 for now. Heavy on AE and blender
  4. @OiVinn-eq1ml [1 likes]: Does this include the M4 Pro?
  5. @vladislavihl [1 likes]: I followed your advice and purchased a Mac Studio (as my first Mac) switching from my self-built PC. Maybe, you would have a further advice for me: how I have to format my old HDDs to work with my Mac Studio? Currently they are formatted to exFAT and, after I plugged in a 4TB HDD containing dozens thousands of photos, to the Mac Studio I need to wait 1-2 minutes till the drive appears in Finder. Starting the Capture One also lasts very long as the sessions are stored on the HDD as well. I thought of re-formatting of the HDD to the APFS, but reconsidered that because I read the APFS performs terribly with the HDDs (but is excellent with SSDs). The old HFS+ seems to be good for the HDDs but Apple can abandon it altogether any moment. Interestingly, the same HDD is ready to work with instantly on my PC as soon as it started!… I‘m really confused about how I have to store my photos within the Mac ecosystem.
  6. @TheVeganiz3r [1 likes]: Thanks!
Just shared this with my wife... Plus a screenshot of my apple online basket 😅
  7. @kevinl20082008 [1 likes]: Hi, thanks for the video. I am debating whether to get Studio max or not, for editing short film and next year edit my feature using DaVinci Resolve, Fusion, color and Fairlight  work do you think "Apple M4 Max chip with 16‑core CPU, 40‑core GPU, 16‑core Neural Engine, 64GB unified memory, 512GB SSD storage" would be good enough. I am thinking of upgrading to 8TB by myself. By the way have you tried swapping the internal SSD? Thanks.
  8. @kwstasf [1 likes]: Is the base model with 512GB of storage enought? I will never use internal storage for files, i own a 10gb capable NAS for that.
  9. @Andy-rc9db [1 likes]: Firstly, thank you for this video - it helped me clarify my thoughts. Essentially, I’m looking to switch from PC back to Mac. I’m primarily a writer and photographer (so a ton of work on Lightroom including masking, bulk exports, etc.) - and increasingly videography. The work I do with video, whilst not as a frequent as my photography, tends to involve multiple 4k or 6k feeds - sometimes running up to an hour in length. I’m not a pro (yet), but the work I do is serious (it supports marketing and the activities of multiple charities - and I do try and approach it as if it were a paying job). Given all of that, I find myself in the position you describe: the Mini Pro would likely do me for now, but I’d need to spec it up. And once I’ve done so, it’s taken me within reaching distance of the Studio. And whilst the Studio is a little overkill for my current needs, it gives me better future proofing at a price point that is only a little above an appropriately specced Mini. So I’ve just gone ahead and ordered that Studio. So thank you once again!
  10. @ericfan9149 [1 likes]: Great video! What would you recommend for someone who primarily works in Photoshop? I’m a professional illustrator and work with heavily layered Photoshop files mostly. Not a lot of video editing. I was initially thinking of getting the M4 Mac Mini but this video is making me wonder if I should go up to the M4 Mac Studio.
  11. @oreocookie3379: Usually, people are struggling to choose between the Mac mini 4 Pro and the Mac Studio 4 Max. Of course, the basic Mac mini 4 is out of question here.
  12. @samarcied7995: Or! Buy a mac mini today and upgrade after 2 or 3 years for the newer mac mini. Mac Studio costs 2-3x more over here, so upgrading every 2 years is also an option, especially if you keep your files externally.
  13. @soundguydon: 2 days ago I ordered the M4 Studio...  I get a similar processor, more RAM (not upgraded), same SSD size, included 10GB networking and more ports.. It took me weeks of thinking, comparing and watching videos to make the decision to go with the Studio.  Before taxes, the Mini would be $1799 and the Studio is $2199.  The studio (for me) is a far better deal. 

CPU / GPU Cores:  Mini 14/20   Studio 14/32
RAM:  Mini 24GB   Studio 36GB
Storage: 1TB (I use external storage)
Ethernet: Mini  Gigabit   Studio 10 Gigabit
Ports: Mini 2 USB-C and 3 Thunderbolt 5    Studio: 2 USBC, SDXC, 4 Thunderbolt 5, 2 USB type A

Yeah, the studio is a waaaay better deal IMO.
  14. @MacOS-Lad: Mac Studio M4 also much better at gaming if that's something you like to do on Mac with Crossover.
  15. @cheekyoscar1353: i purchased the Mac studio m4 64 ram 1tb . and the reason is I wanted something to be a good two or three years future proof and I've always wanted to have a Mac studio. 
it makes no sense whatsoever buying a mini an upgrade in it to similar specifications ... as when you take a deeper dive into the specification numbers there is no comparison . ❤
  16. @SomeUnicorn7000: I'm sick of these vloggers claiming video and photo editing is professional work, there are other even more professional work which is fine with not overpriced mini 😂
  17. @tomsun3159: Its very simple for 99% the Base mac Mini M4 is the perfect choice , and for some PROFESSINALS it is not fast enough does not enough unified memory, not enough internal storage, but even for the most PROFESSIONALS the performance of the base Mac MIni is more than sufficient as the single core performance is on par. 
Yes more is always better, but is always more expensive and in Apple ecosystem ridicoulous expensive. Not all Professionals do 24/7 8K video exporting ( i would say only a few do this), most do writing concept do 3D modelling etc. only in a very few occasion the perfomance difference matters and in overall the benefit for an 8h shift may add up to perhaps 10% or even less. You won't produce 5times more projects for your customers  producing ftimes the revenue if your tool is 5times faster, as all interactive parts of the job are on the same speed. Its like having a lathe or a milling machine thats 5 times faster, most parts of the job are done in the same time, the machine is just waiting earlier for you slow carbon individuum. In most cases a faster machine leads to more unused machine times, which of course is a waste and you paid an astronomous premium for that waste, find the problem.
  18. @PeresD: All you had to do is add 24 go and you would be okay . I know people that edit video and photo with the Mac mini with 24 gb . Max Studi isn’t really necessary for any ordinary professional . If you’re doing software development or 3d rendering yes . If not you’re wasting money, for a usage case that will never arise.
  19. @PeresD: Mac Studo ,…um hell no .
  20. @Gzluweez: I bought a studio for the USB A slots to avoid having another dock.  Ridiculous.

- Why I picked the M4 iMac over the Mac mini: Kind: captions Language: en if there's any computer that Embraces the spirit of the Apple silicon era it's the computer that Apple staked its entire reputation on back in the Steve Jobs era and led to the revitalization of apple as a Titan in the computer industry the iMac but in a world where you can pick up an equally excellent Mac mini portable options like the MacBook Air and more powerful desktop options the iMac doesn't make as much sense as it used to so why do I still own one and why do I still use one that's a question I've been asking myself why do I continue to use an all-in-one computer when there's no technical advantages to it and no logical ones either what is it about the iMac that makes me want to use it over my other Macs and why does the experience feel different and why is it on my desk well I think a lot of that does have to do with the design it is impossibly thin comes in a bunch of great colors and this year the colors are slightly refreshed for brand new color tones that I think look great this green iMac in particular spoke out to me the moment I saw it and it's one of my favorite colors ever on a Mac and every detail looks meticulously designed down to the color match braided cable the color matching keyboard the color matching mouse or if you're like me a trackpad oh and these are USBC this year too it's such a well-built and well-design product as an Apple fan you clearly appreciate wellb built products and you probably wish all of your products paid that much attention to detail even let's say uh your toothbrush well this is what many consider to be the apple of toothbrushes and let me tell you the life and wave toothbrush is the first time I have ever been excited to unbox a toothbrush I mean look at the packaging and the unboxing experience it's like opening a new iPhone even the toothbrush itself is made from premium metals like aluminum or stainless steel I mean just look at that this is the most premium feeling toothbrush I have ever held and for how good it looks it brushes your teeth even better with the world's first electric toothbrush that can simultaneously vibrate and oscillate at the same time this movement closely mimics the dentist recommended bass brushing technique providing a Superior Cleaning experience it even has an app so I can customize the intensity of my brush adjust the exact brushing time apply a 30-second Zone reminder to make sure I brush every section of my teeth and I can long press the power button to put it into travel mode so it doesn't accidentally turn on it also has the longest battery life I have ever used in an electric toothbrush I was able to use this for a whole month without having to charge it and when you do have to charge it charges super easily with a magnetic connection and yes don't worry it's ipx7 waterproof so it's safe for a rinse the life and wave has solved so many problems that I had with my other electric toothbrush that I literally threw it out after using it and best of all lyen has a Black Friday sale going on right now where you can get 40% off your purchase just search liyen on Amazon or Google or click the link in the description below and thank you to liyen for sponsoring this video now I want want to stay on the design of the iMac for just a second longer because this is a huge reason why I pick this over something like a Mac Mini I strongly believe the design of a product is important it's the difference between just using a product because that's what you have lying around and the difference between actually enjoying using it or being inspired by using that same product one of the main reasons why I still use an iMac even though I could literally use any other Mac as my home computer is because I enjoy walking into my room and seeing this thing placed prominently on my desk because above all it is Sleek and because I pick the color more personal when I see it I want to touch it I want to grab the display adjust it I want to grab the keyboard start writing on it I want to scroll on the trackpad I just want to start writing or creating or just do something with this beautiful piece of Hardware I don't think I'm weird for saying that I'm sure you have had similar experiences to this exact feeling that I'm having maybe with a different though some of you might have an attachment to a computer or a game console or a car an oven maybe even a well-built coffee maker I mean I get jazzed about that too and while I could technically get the same experience out of a Mac Mini connected to any monitor for some reason seeing that setup doesn't spark the same amount of joy that I have seeing an iMac now before this setup I did use just my MacBook Pro as my only computer and I kept an external display at home because I have a separate Studio that and every day I would also unplug the MacBook Pro from my home display put it in my book bag drive over to my studio and then plug it into my studio display there and at the end of the day I would unplug it from that studio display put it in my book bag come back home and then if I want to go do something at my desk at home sometimes there would just be this slight Interruption of oh well I guess I go got to grab my MacBook Pro from my book bag and plug it in I know first world problems right but sometimes I just wouldn't do that I would be lazy I would go you know what I can respond to that email later I can write that script another time or I'll remember to do that tomorrow there was just this slight barrier of not having a computer constantly set up and constantly connected the iMac doesn't have that sort of mental barrier it's plugged in it's always on the screen ready to light up at the instant tap of the trackpad or the keyboard and that immediacy and that presence is something that I appreciate and for the way my brain works I don't know what it is sometimes I just need that low barrier to entry the setup also always looks clean even for someone has cluttered and messy as I am I struggle so hard to make a desk setup that looks nice and organized and while I'm not saying that this setup is organizer clean in any way I also think it's kind of hard to make a setup for the iMac that looks bad because you only need a single cable to connect the computer and the display and the speakers and the camera that is the the benefit of an all-in-one design that even though yes there are accessories that you could connect to this it doesn't really require them and that's kind of funny cuz Apple added even more Thunderbolt ports on this Mac there's now four in total Thunderbolt ports they're all very fast on this new model but at the end of the day I'll sometimes just connect the charging cable to it and that's probably about it and then other parts about this computer are just so kind of complete the speakers sound really good even though they are coming out of a really thin body the webcam this year got a nice upgrade with the addition of the center stage webcam which can now track your movements just like they can on the uh expensive Studio display however the IMAX version has a more detailed picture with less noise and it's a good enough webcam for me to use over just a dedicated webcam and I wouldn't want to connect a dedicated webcam to this nice all-in-one design and I'm even more impressed by the display this year and yes for the most part it's the same 4.5k super Sharp LCD Retina Display as the previous years but this time I went for the new option nanotexture coating that gives the screen a more matte-like appearance and you kind of see the slight texture and Grain on the display but what that cating does is basically eliminate almost all forms of glare on the display itself so if you use it right near a window like I do you can still see the screen with complete visibility even when the sun is shining brightly through the window and to me it almost has this secondary effect that makes black levels appear deeper even though technically that's not true at all in fact the colors and black levels should pop a bit more on the regular glossy display option but I am so used to seeing a slight reflection of myself in the screen whenever I'm viewing a dark background or watching a video because the way that the Sun hits the uh room or maybe even at night when I have my lamps on but now with this iMac I can no longer see those distracting Reflections it just makes the screen appear more Vivid and clear even though it technically isn't and yes it's still a 24in display and while I do wish we had the option for a 27in iMac I also never feel at loss for space on this display I can fit enough windows for my own home use and for my creative workflows as well then there's one thing that specifically made me go out and upgrade to this iMac this year and use it again as my home computer when I have given up on trying this before with my M1 machine and that's just the configurations you can get on this machine the M4 chip alone is a really nice upgrade and yes while there's more powerful Maxs out there this is one of the first years where the Bas level chips feels like it has enough performance in all the key areas for me not to notice or care about it being weaker for the more intensive tasks that I would do on my other machines now being mostly a home computer I'm just using this for basic tasks like web browsing watching videos word processing listening to music but because it does have enough power there are times where I will load up my photo editing program or maybe even edit a video on here and while I technically have Macs that are more powerful than this sometimes I just don't require all that extra horsepower in the moment and for those times when I do bring work home and you know even if I do want a bigger external display well I can just AirPlay my more powerful MacBook Pro directly to this iMac display and Bam just like that I have all the power I need without sacrificing things I like about this iMac setup another reason why I integr the iMac into my home setup this year compared to the previous years is because I didn't have to spend as much money in this machine as I would have even just a year ago that's because the 16 GB of Base memory is perfectly fine for how I use this computer sure I could have upgraded this to 32 GB of memory for a more enhanced workstation feel but honestly I haven't felt the need to have anywhere close to that amount of memory for what I'm using this iMac 4 the one thing I still springed for was a storage upgrade but hey you win some you lose some right overall the price and value proposition of the base model on this iMac and frankly all Apple's Macs this year are a lot better but that does kind of get me back to my point I mean at $1,300 for the base model with just two ports only 256 GB of storage even with that 16 GB of memory upgrade I think anyone watching this video can realize that the iMac isn't necessarily the killer value it used to be during the Intel days in fact in the pre-app Silicon era there was a time where the iMac was Apple's main consumer and prevel desktop offering now things have clearly changed the iMac is aimed solely at really just the consumer level audience for professionals apple has a much wider range of dedicated desktop offerings from the incredibly cheap Mac Mini to the Mac Studio all the way up to a Big Mac Pro so why would anyone spend $700 more for an iMac when they can just get a Mac Mini and hook up whatever display they want whatever speaker they want whatever webcam they want and for most people as home computers have become less relevant and desktop computers are mostly marketed at professionals or Gamers the iMac doesn't seem to make much sense for those types of users and maybe most types of users but I still count myself as one of those users that do use an iMac and while I can't speak for everyone all I can say is that the iMac still represents the best all-in-one desktop solution with the simplest setup and ease of mind and yes most Macs work the same they're all running the same operating system but there's just something about waking up early or sitting here late at night using this iMac that just gives me a sense of joy that no other computer can it also just works and I will always love it for that reason alone and that might be a bit of Nostalgia the iMac was the first Mac that I ever used it was really the first computer I ever used and it inspired me all the way back then even in my childhood and it still inspires me today and that's really the main reason I still use an iMac might be a little personal might not be the best computer for most people but it's why I still use one and I still love the M4 iMac now I know this video maybe some of you liked it but some of you probably were like hey this video could have also been called uh Rich YouTuber uh owns multiple Macs and likes to use them and you know he has a separate MacBook Pro and an iMac we hate this guy and I fully get that so if you hate this guy and this video leave if you liked it please give me a like if you want to see more make sure you're subscribed and I'll catch you all in the next one

  Top Comments:
  1. @GregsGadgets [11 likes]: If you like Apple products, seriously check out this toothbrush it's unreal:
Amazon: https://amzn.to/4hzxgdu
Official Website: https://bit.ly/3YO3vNB
  2. @cenipus [1 likes]: I've owned iMacs in the past, but would never buy one again.  Two of them had display issues that fixing would have been too expensive to make sense.  If you later want a bigger display, too bad.  I much prefer Mac Minis or Mac Studios now, depending on how much machine you need, paired with a larger display.  Mini's can be mounted on the backs of monitors or placed on desks with a tiny footprint.  You get more flexibility on how powerful your machine is if you pass on the iMacs.
  3. @JRC1221 [1 likes]: I think the pastel green iMac begs the real question… why are you gay?
  4. @deuswulf6193 [1 likes]: Colors only look good from behind.
  5. @radioactive_richard [1 likes]: Finally pulled the trigger on a spec'd out iMac in 2026! I was super impressed with the durability, longevity, and build quality on my early-2015 MacBook Pro that I have been using for 10 straight years. I'm an android user but the minimalist, refined, and premium look and feel of an iMac has always drawn my attention. I needed a new computer with more on-board storage (hate carrying around an SSD) and I decided to go with a green iMac with 32GB & 2TB. You're absolutely right, there's something about an iMac that makes you want to sit down and be productive on, without needing to hook up your MacBook to an external display. I love how it just sits on my desk and is ready to go. No bulky PC tower that has a million cables connecting everywhere, no plastic parts, no boring design.
  6. @our-hope-ministries [1 likes]: 24 inch is old, 27 or 32 would be better! the ports and the power button should be on front bottom center
  7. @leekindell9937 [1 likes]: Just brought an m4 to replace my intel 27 inch. Happy so far wish more storage and bigger screen though. Your video made me realise how old I am and how long I’ve been using Macs. My first Mac I owned was a 1989 II Ci. How time flies.
  8. @Chalupador: If they had at least a 27" screen instead (and space grey) I would definitely get one
  9. @SkywalkerPaul: That hairstyle tho
  10. @HomogenicK: Analogue Pocket twins
  11. @anzatzi: I would buy this in space grey@!
  12. @TheJoker-bz2uz: I'm hoping they launch an M5 version by next month 🤞🏻🤞🏻
  13. @liguobu229: A child in awe! Colours, oh! that green!, contours, personality,size, thinness, warm feeling, evocative power…now,this is a useful review. Size? 24,27,32,54… never mind any size with iMac on it, I take.
  14. @charliegoodall: Great vid.... but I don't think it's right to class it as solely a consumer targeted computer. I'm a musician and producer and have high standards and work with lots of audio and plug ins and I find this is the best Mac I've ever had for my professional environment. And that is just the base model with the simple storage upgrade to 512GB
  15. @F.C.A.W.F: Screen is too small
  16. @smahajan3675: The display is small with iMac so I purchased a Mac mini with 27 inch studio
  17. @oliverallen5324: For most people using email, web browsing, and maybe some AI prompting, iMac is perfectly fine. If you need specialized hardware, you already know that. iMac is what I bought my parents, and it's doing fine.
  18. @tarunkumaarsuraram3440: 3 years back i buyed imac m1 based on your video, right nom the screen is burned on one side, never buy imac just go for mac mini, once iMac display is gone it doesn’t worth even for peanuts
  19. @itsmatt517: Not sure on why it needs to be so thin when it’s not a portable device
  20. @PeresD: iMac 😑

- The HARD Truth About Hosting Your Own LLMs: Kind: captions Language: en running your own large language models locally is all the rage right now there are dozens of incredibly powerful llms that you can download and self-host now and running your own llms means that you don't have to pay per token as you are using your AI and you don't have to send your data to another company they are fantastic for scaling your business and keeping your data protected and while they can't compete with the best close Source models like 01 and Claw 3.5 Sonet they still abs absolutely kick butt with the right setup however there are some hard truths that you and I have to face that you will quickly realize when you try to use the more powerful local llms like llama 3.1 on your own Hardware I can guarantee that the first time you try to use a local llm it is going to take you much longer than you thought to get a response and sometimes you won't even get a response because you'll get a timeout and in that case your computer straight up is not good enough to use the model at all and that my friend reveals the hard truth running the more powerful local llms requires insanely powerful Hardware I'm talking gpus that cost at least two grand just to be able to run the weakest version of llama 3.1 and that's not even to mention all the electricity costs that you're going to have to pay to run this thing 247 you could also go with GPU machines running in the cloud but those can cost more than a dollar per hour that adds up really really quick and that's even on the low end and this is a big problem because on one hand you and I we want to use local llms they give us the most flexibility privacy and ability to scale because we aren't paying per token but on the other hand running the more powerful llms locally can cost hundreds or thousands of dollars up front and local llms are actually the most affordable when you really start to scale but getting to that point with them is absolutely painful I have seen this problem this contention play out with many businesses as they start to integrate AI so I have developed a simple but effective strategy for this that I want to reveal to you now here is the premise of the strategy unless you're willing to put in a large initial investment running local AI right off the bat is not realistic that's what you and I just covered but what you can do is pay per token with these same self- hostable models in an incredibly cheap way and then later on when the Price Is Right scale to hosting these exact same models yourself in your own Hardware that way you're only paying the big bucks when it makes sense and you don't even have to switch your llm which that can have a lot of unintended consequences for your application so in this video allow me to show you both sides of this strategy here first starting with paying per token and then going to hosting your llm yourself and there is an exact calculable time when it makes sense to make the switch and I will cover that as well the way that you start this strategy so you aren't paying thousands Upfront for local llms is with one of my favorite AI services on the entire planet Gro Gro is your way to pay per token for super fast openly available llm inference and it is insanely cheap oftentimes it's actually free if your requirements are light enough because grock has an awesome and indefinite free tier and I also just want to say that I'm not sponsored by grock in any way their platform is just the best for Speed and price when it comes to this kind of thing and so that's why I'm including grock specifically in this strategy instead of another service or being more generic all right so now we get to the fun part because I'm going to very quickly show you around Gro I'm going to show you how easy it is to use how powerful it is and also how affordable it is as well and then we'll dive into what it looks like for you to make that decision to eventually switch from grock to hosting your own llms what that looks like and when exactly you would make that choice so I'm going to give a quick overview here just give you a lot of value very very quickly so I'm here on the grock website it's just gro.com and they boast their speeds immediately because they literally have this chat window on their homepage where you can talk to grock I'm not sure which llm this uses under the hood but just see how fast this is I'll enter in just a random prompt that I have here it spits out the answer really fast and then tells you exactly how quick it is 1,200 tokens per second that is insane just for reference one word is about 1.25 tokens and so this is about 1,000 words per second roughly that is incredibly fast much much faster than most llms out there and it's also insanely easy to use so if I scroll down on their homepage here and I go down yep right here it just shows you how all you have to do to work with grock is you have to replace the base URL within your open aai instance with the grock API like it says right here and then add in your grock API key and then you just switch it out your model right here it is just so so easy like just 10 lines of code they show you right here all you have to do is PIP install open Ai and then boom this is your code and you're now working with grock and with Lang chain it's even easier because you have to just uh pip install this Lang chain grock package set your grock API key in the environment variable and then you have access to this chat grock instance that you can import from Lang chain grock you can Define your model any other parameters like the temperature and now you can do an lm. invoke do stre whatever you'd usually do in Lang chain so it's just so easy to get started with grock here as well and then I also love n8n put out a lot of content on it so I'll show you that really quick as well so in your n workflow you'll typically have a tools agent node when you're working with large language models in n and then for the chat model here I'll just click on this you can see that grock is one of the options supported so no custom integration you can use grock right off the bat with n8n all you have to do for your credentials here is put in your grock API key just like we saw with code and then boom you have access to all of the models within grock super super nice and easy and so with that I wanted to talk about the price for grock as well so we'll go over here and look at this for llama 317b it is 59 cents per million tokens and so what that equates to is for every $1 you get 1.69 million tokens that is actually EX extremely affordable compared to any Clos Source model really all the powerful ones like GPT 40 and Claw 3.5 Sonic and then even comparing to other services that offer llama 3.1 like together for example they have their light version of llama 3.1 70b that actually is technically a little bit cheaper but if you want to go turbo to even come close to matching the speeds of llama 3.1 with grock then you're going to be paying more and so together AI it's a fine service I've used it before I like it uh but it just shows how insanely affordable grock is it is just amazing so there we go in just a few minutes you now know how to use grock what the pricing looks like and also how fast it really is one thing that I do want to mention here with Gro is it still is another company that is hosting the llm for you so it's not quite the same as local AI in terms of your data privacy but it is still a lot better than sending your data to a close Source model like GPT or CLA that's going going to train the model on your data and eventually theoretically regurgitate it back out to other people so it's still much better to use something like Gro with llama but keep that in mind that if you're developing a proof of concept using Gro because you don't want to pay for self-hosting your llm you might want to use mock data for things that's really really private just as you are building out your application and then once you scale and you're running things locally then you can work with your private data and not have to worry about anything so with that we can now dive into the next step of this strategy all right so I have my calculator up right now because we are going to be doing some napkin math to figure out exactly when it makes sense for you to switch from paying per token with a service like grock to hosting your own llm because eventually it will get to the point when you scale your business that paying for token is more expensive than just paying for the hardware now one thing that I want to mention is that I'm going to be covering what it looks like to pay for a GPU machine in the cloud to run your l because you can technically build a computer and have it in your house or a data center but you have to deal with maintenance paying for electricity it's harder to upgrade when the next level of gpus come out in a half a year or a year and so generally it's a lot more flexible to just pay for something in the cloud and that's generally what I would recommend and so that's what I'm going to be focusing on right now there are a lot of services out there to get GPU machines a couple that I want to highlight here is runp pod which is what I'm on right now and then also digital ocean I'm not not affiliated with either of them but I use both of them and so that's kind of my recommendation of just where you'd want to start when looking for somewhere to host your llms in the cloud now digital ocean is actually pretty pricey and they don't have a ton of options I know that they are expanding this in the future just because I've done some research since I like digital ocean so much um but in the meantime runpod actually has much more competitive pricing you can just kind of look at some comparisons here for like an h100 just like they have right here it's definitely a lot cheer and also if you want to run something like llama 3.1 70b which is a really classic local llm you typically would only need something like an A40 right here so this is actually the model or the machine that I want to use for my example here for my napkin math so an A40 it is 39 cents in the secure Cloud to run this with 48 gbt of vram definitely good enough for llama 3.1 70b and so what we're going to do right now is I'm going to walk you through with this calculator step by step how you can determine exactly when it becomes more expensive to pay per token with Gro and so let's go over to the calculator here so first of all what we want to do is compute how much it costs per month to use that A40 instance with run pod so I'm just going to take 0.39 because it is 39 cents an hour multiply it by 24 because there's 24 hours in a day and then multiply by 30 CU there's roughly 30 days in a month and that gives us a grand total of $280 a month so you pay a pretty penny a few hundred a month for this instance but let's do the math and figure out when it makes sense to actually do this instead of go with grock so I'm going to go back to the grock pricing here and we'll take a look at this so for grock for llama 3.1 70b you get 1.69 million tokens for every $1 that you spend so let's plug that into the calculator here I'm going to clear it completely and I'll add add in this number here so 1, 690,000 tokens per $1 now there are a lot of tokens in your typical prompt especially if you have complex instructions for your llm or long chat histories or you have rag where you're retrieving multiple big chunks from documents and dumping those into your prompt and so the average prompt is actually like a good solid few thousand tokens even up to like 10 or 20,000 tokens I have seen before and so this is a really rough estimate but in your use case you will know the average amount of tokens that you have per prompt and that's something that you can actually compute so you can track that in the back end as you're developing your proof of concept and starting to use your application and bring users on and figure out the average tokens so that you can plug your exact number into this to have a better idea when exactly you would switch from grock to hosting your local LM so I'm going to go with 5,000 as just just a good example here and so what I'll do is I'm going to divide this number by 5,000 because that is going to tell me the number of prompts that I can make to my llm per $1 you see that here because it's 1,690 th000 tokens per $1 when I divide by the number of tokens per prompt this is the number of prompts that I can make to my llm per $1 and so now what we're going to do is multiply that by the price of the runp Pod instance because what this is going to give us is it is going to give us the number of prompts that we can make per month until it gets to the point that runp pod is cheaper so this is the magic number here 94,95 instance to host our llama 317b as long as that instance can keep up with the demand which I'm pretty sure um 48 GB of vram and I think it had like 80 GB of RAM or something it could probably keep up with the demand of this many prompts per month because if we divide by 30 that is going to give us the number of prompts that we would have per day so if you get to like 3,000 promps per day with your application you would want to self-host your llm instead and if you think about it let me get back to that number here I'll divide by 30 again I'm not sure why I went away if you think about it that's not actually that many prompts per day if you have three ,000 users on your platform in a day they could each make one prompt one call to your llm and then it would already be worth it to switch over to hosting your own llm so I hope that makes sense here I know there's a couple of rough numbers that I put in here for examples but you can make this very very accurate to your use case figure out the instance you want with runp pod the exact pricing for your model in grock how many tokens you have on average per prompt and this can come down to an exact science when you'd make that switch so there you have it that is my grand strategy for how you can work with local llms effectively to not spend a ton of money up front but eventually scale where you're hosting everything completely and saving thousands and thousands of dollars once you scale your application to thousands and thousands of users now grock pricing is pretty competitive you can see from my math there that you might want to use it for a very very long time and you might even want to use it for longer just because of the convenience of not having to maintain your own llms but eventually it does do get to the point where it just makes so much sense and you save so much money so I hope that you found this strategy and all the logic behind it valuable if you did I would really appreciate a like and a subscribe and with that I will see you in the next video

  Top Comments:
  1. @XaifaxVT [6 likes]: Dude I have a portable LLM running on an N100 powered potato and while it might not be the fastest car in the race it is perfectly functional portable LLM for utility purposes. There is nothing wrong with downloading a couple free models, yes including Llama versions, and swapping around between what's best for the task. If you can't run an LLM locally without thousands of dollars in hardware you're being pretty elitist about what models and speeds you're demanding.
  2. @jacobward8851 [6 likes]: Dell PowerEdge R730 + Two Tesla P40 GPUs = Best Home Lab Option.
  3. @junaldinsales [2 likes]: This answers all of my questions. I believe LLMs are just novelties.
  4. @ohisaac [2 likes]: Very helpful video, man. I was going for the self-host path but it makes no sense for an mvp. Thank you very much.
  5. @SundaysComing [2 likes]: Great content....
  6. @robert0z387 [2 likes]: Think you probably just got a bad PC combo because I bought $100 laptop and was running olama and was getting 5 to 10 words a second and it only had Intel graphics from the i3 Don't spread misinformation. It's just not very kind of you
  7. @ivgnes [1 likes]: Thank you so much
  8. @blackhand9581 [1 likes]: I'm able to run 70b 2bpw EXL3 variant of Llama 3.1 on my 3090. The speed is decent enough that I'm finding myself use the 34b models less and less. The fact I'm able to use low end CLOUD models locally is insane. Just a three years back, you'd have to make do with 22b models and 4-8k context on a 24gb VRAM.
  9. @joshuaplank883 [1 likes]: Thanks for the tips. Any chance you could write something up to show how to add groq as an option to your AI master class docker setup? I'm not seeing how to do that as I'm not great at docker yet
  10. @yankoaleksandrov9050: The 'start cheap, scale up' framing is practical for inference capacity. What the video doesn't fully address is the orchestration layer — the part that needs to stay always-on, responsive, and doesn't actually require raw GPU power.

Running a small dedicated always-on node for orchestration + local fast decisions, while routing heavy inference to cloud or a beefier box, completely changes the economics. A Jetson Orin Nano (67 TOPS) handles 7-8B models for routing, background tasks, and agent workflows at ~7-10W idle — hardware that costs under $400 and doesn't compete with your daily workload.

The 'insanely good hardware' requirement is accurate for full local inference at large model sizes. For agents and orchestration, the requirement drops dramatically. Dedicated always-on edge hardware is a genuinely different category from 'gaming GPU + Ollama on your main machine' — and the two actually complement each other well in a hybrid setup.

(Full disclosure: we build ClawBox, a pre-configured Jetson Orin Nano for this kind of always-on agent workload, so we benchmark this constantly.)
  11. @gaoqizhang-n4e: got gpu clou pircey!
  12. @svendtveskg5719: And, one year later, this grok commercial video is obsolete.
  13. @rars0n: PPQ allows you to use pretty much any of the major LLMs on a per-query basis, pay as you go.
  14. @JoTokutora: My setup is an Inspur server with 8 Nvidia Voltas V100 sxm2 for a total 256GB Vram. thats should be good enough for local llm?
  15. @smithbuilt: Ryzen 7 5700X Assassin SE120 cooler ,  rtx 4060 Ti 16GB, 128 GB RAM, 2x gen 4 SSD 4tb, ASUS ROG Crosshair VIII Hero X570 motherboard with a super flower 1000W 80+ platinum with 4 inlet fans one rear and two top exhaust. Not mega money not even top spec but it runs b7 and b13 size models flawlessly and I get serious quality results
  16. @CptVex: Running your own isn't practical, it's just too slow.
  17. @abdelrahmangamalmahdy: But given that groq is faster than the Nividia GPUs, probably you'd need much more than the 3165 prompts per day in order to switch and once you get to this, you'll require more GPU resources and find out that groq is still competitive until you hit millions of active users!
  18. @vicious12394: as fast as groq may be im not really thrilled about using a model that changes its responses based on the personal beliefs of a psychopath
  19. @oSethoum: One important factor is tokens/second because it's important for you users that the LLM is fast.
  20. @albertocorrales-dev: very insightful video!! I'm wondering if there is a formula to calculate how many requests you can serve with a particular hardware, since at certain point you will have to scale-out or scale-up your infra. Additionally, about running your LLM, there are other cost implications like maintenance, high-availability, etc. that might need to be taken into account.

- Goose + Qwen3 Is INSANE — Best AI Tool I’ve Tried So Far: Kind: captions Language: en I saw a tweet from Jack Dorsey recently that really caught my eye. Goose plus Quen 3 coder equals wow interesting. So I actually tried using Goose together with Quen 3 coder to build two separate web apps from scratch and the results were absolutely insane. I'm not kidding. So in case you're wondering what is Jack talking about here? Well, Goose is an open-source local AI agent that can automate tasks and write code for you. Its official name is code name goose and don't confuse it with goose AI which is a totally separate project altogether. Lots of geese out there but goose was developed by Jack Dorsey's company block and it's their attempt to rival with the big giants like claude code or cursor. Goose can be run both as a CLI tool and as a desktop client. The cool thing about goose is that you can use it for free and hook it up with your favorite AI provider. You can choose to run it with the commercial providers like Anthropic, OpenAI or Gemini. Or you can run it locally with Olama and choose your own AI models. But in this video, I want to focus on Goose in conjunction with Quen 3 Coder. If you don't know about Quen 3 Coder, as of now, it's one of the hottest coding models out there. And Richard already made a great overview of it. So, click on this video to watch Richard's excellent deep dive on Quentry Coder. Goose can be easily installed and executed from your favorite terminal, but for this video, I'm going to be using Goose's handy desktop client application. As soon as you open Goose, you're presented with this good-looking user interface. And the first thing you want to do is go to the settings section and configure your AI provider. You can then choose which model of that provider you want to use. And if it's not in the list, but you know it exists, you can still freely type it in. For this demonstration, I'm going to be using open router with quen 3 coder model enabled. So with that configured, I went ahead and started a new chat. First, I wanted to build a simple rock paper scissors game where you can play against the computer by showing your hand gesture to the webcam. I didn't specify what tools or languages it should use. I simply gave the instructions and let it do its thing. It took Goose approximately 3 minutes to finish the task and the end result was absolutely incredible. It decided on its own to use the media pipe library in conjunction with the hands detection library to detect the hand gestures and it worked super well. It could easily distinguish rock from paper from scissors and the game play against the computer also worked flawlessly. Then I asked it to improve it a bit by adding some satisfying animations at the end and also add the integration with SQL light so it can save my name in the local database along with my game history log. This next iteration did take Goose substantially longer to finish, mainly because it now needed to rewrite the project to include a NodeJS server along with a database integration. But once it was done, again, it worked flawlessly right out of the box. I was getting confetti animations when I won the game, raining sad emojis when I lost the game, and the sword clash animation when we hit a draw with the computer. And on top of that, my entire game log was also being recorded on the SQL Lite database. And I could verify that by refreshing the app and the log was still there. If I typed in a new name, it showed me a completely new profile as expected. And I could also see on the open router web page that the entire project setup cost me only 19 cents to build. I then went on VS Code to review the project structure. And honestly, there is nothing bad I could say about the code. The project structure was very well laid out. The NodeJS Express server was configured properly. The SQL light integration worked as expected and the front-end part was simple enough as well. It did use vanilla JavaScript though. But keep in mind, I didn't ask Goose for specifics on languages or frameworks to use. So, this actually brings up a good question. Can you instruct Goose to use specific languages or frameworks and coding practices? Well, yes. Goose has this feature called hints. And basically the way it works is you can specify goose with a hints file that contains information about how you want your project to be structured, what tools to use and other relevant information. Then you can provide this file to goose per project basis or you can create a global hints file that will be applied to all of your projects. So that's exactly what I tried next. For this next project, I decided to create a specific goose hints file indicating that I want to use React, TypeScript, and Zoo Stand for state management along with other commands how I want the project to be structured. I then decided to give it a prompt to build a simple app that fetches random pictures of dogs that you can save to your favorites list. A simple enough example to test our React, TypeScript, and Zooand integration. It took Goose roughly 2 minutes to build the project. But here's where I ran into some problems. The app did not look great visually. Although everything was functionally correct and all the features worked properly, somehow it didn't get the styling correct. From some of my other tests, I realized that it usually has problems setting up Tailwind. Although it really wants to use Tailwind by default, even though I didn't instruct it to. So, I decided to ask it to use simple CSS styles instead. And once I did that, the next iteration was just absolutely beautiful. The app worked perfectly and it looked great and I could freely fetch random dog pictures, save them to my favorites, manage the favorites list and the data was also persisted locally and the code structure was also very nice. I got a good readme file with instructions how to run the project and it was indeed using Zustand for state management as I requested. My only critique would be that it didn't put the API calls separately in an API folder as it was requested in the hints file, but that's a minor detail. So, overall, I was genuinely really impressed by what I was able to create today using Goose and the Quen 3 coder model, especially the rock paper scissors game. It got the instructions right from the get- go. I didn't even need to ask it to fix any issues, and there were no unexpected bugs. I'm going to be honest, I do like Goose a lot. It has a very nice intuitive interface, easily customizable options for models and providers. It also has tons of other cool features like extensions, recipes, and a headless mode, which I didn't have time to get into today, but all in all, I think I'm going to continue using Goose going forward. There are honestly very few bad things I can say about this tool. So, well done, Blog for creating this super handy open-source AI agent. But what do you think about Goose? Have you tried it yet? If you have, I'd love to know what your experience was like. Let us know in the comments down below. And if you like this breakdown and you want to see more AI breakdowns like this one, be sure to click that like button below the video. And also, don't forget to subscribe to our channel. This has been Andress from Better Stack, and I will see you in the next videos. [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @AliAnsari-b6x: GPU??
  2. @sgill4833: He's just promoting his own app
  3. @razorree: It looks like you tested Qwen LLM, I don't see anything specific about Goose (also versus other agentic clients)
  4. @MrUltimateX: This video is a rare Better Stack L 👎
  5. @siavashsabouritabatabaei6526: thank you very much, the content was very helpfull.
  6. @CoriolanBataille: How does it compare with Aider AI?
  7. @keledef: why my goose cant use power shall? :\ so my goos can do nothing but only talking and say: oops, i cant now...
  8. @brainybeast9789: You think we get fooled with this? We are not babies. People watch these because they already have technical experience and you can't fool us.

You are acting like it's an awesome thing when it does nothing remarkable. They always make pre-existing things like rock paper scissors or tic tac Toe games. It just paired with image recognition. There are pre existing libraries to do this. Only three gestures it needs to recognise. It's a damn simple project and the cost you spend for this is not worth it. 

Deepseek can give the same project files for free. Not trying to hurt a startup but you are glazing too much and it's so obvious for us.
  9. @prashantsaraswat9095: I tried qwen3-coder:30b based on the recommendation from this video. It is garbage. It keeps not doing anything and reverts to chinese response often.
  10. @ErikBongers: Todo lists, one page apps based on one library using the most popular stacks...
Well, statistical AI is gonna work great on that one innit?
  11. @GaLzZy.: Is it normal that just after a couple messages back and forth, Goose just stops mid request everytime?
  12. @batbawls: Interesting loosey-goosey approach to quick development
  13. @PDVWOOD: What hardware is required or recommended to have to run these amazing tools: ollama + goose + qwen?
  14. @joymonscode: Did you try version controlling the prompts instead of generated code? If not, how long you think we start source controlling the prompts in the GitHub
  15. @Damn-Damn: how is it different from other apps
  16. @KautsarArdana: Ran into this error: Request failed: Request failed with status: 402 Payment Required.

Please retry if you think this is a transient or recoverable error.


Is there any solution? 
After i follow video jadi seperti itu
  17. @justadirtblock681: I keep on thinking the pictures behind him are ai&-generated SpongeBob... Useful and informative video!!
  18. @timstevens3361: ollama  + Qwen3-coder  =  WOW
  19. @deleteduser36b2cb28: DeepSeek R1 0528 is much better than Qwen3 Coder 480B , at leasnt non-plus qwen3 coder
  20. @jessescott2544: Thanks bruv

- Create a Custom Map with Google My Maps (No Code): Kind: captions Language: en what is Google my maps not Google Maps Google my maps two different things well Google my maps is this a tool for creating custom maps you can add markers routes shapes and set different map Styles it's a useful tool for like planning a road trip or like mapping all of the Starbucks in your city but it's open-ended which means you can build all kinds of maps with it and while Google my maps looks a little intimidating it's it's really not in this short video I'm going to teach you how to master Google my maps so let's do it okay here we are let's create a new map and let's give it a name the first thing I like to do is get rid of these icons for stores and restaurants I find they clutter the map and to do that we need to select a different base map there are nine base maps to choose from including a satellite view I like this one though so let's add some markers to the map we can search for an address here and then we click add to map perfect we've added a marker now I want to point something out our marker is a part of this layer Untitled layer and I I got to be honest I think layers are the most intimidating part of Google my maps but they don't need to be think of a layer as like a group or a category so let's give this layer a name we'll call it day one then let's create another layer called day two now you might be wondering am I required to have a layer can I make a map with no layers well no unfortunately layers are a requirement you need at least one let's add another marker to day one so just make sure you have the day one layer selected you can tell which layer is selected by this blue line here then let's select the add marker tool this lets us drop markers onto the map and we'll drop it here and we'll give it a name perfect now let's add markers for day two but this time I'm going to demonstrate another way of adding markers by importing a spreadsheet with address data so let's click import and we'll just drag it into to import and upload perfect we've got all our markers now if we want we can add notes to a marker so just click this edit button got some text to paste in and there we go now unfortunately we can't really format this text by adding links or making text bold it's it's just plain text can also upload images or videos so let's hit this button and what's cool is you can even add images by searching Google Images which is really handy here's an unfortunate thing though you can't get rid of this ugly black frame it's always just there kind of of annoying we can also change a marker's color so let's choose a new color for each of the day two markers perfect let's try adding something else we can also add shapes so click this tool and select add a line or shape and then we just click around the map to start drawing our shape to complete the shape click on the final point and choose a color if we want the lines and shape tool is powerful we can also use it to draw routes we can do driving walking or biking routes let's do a driving route between our points on day two so we click the first destination to the second and we just need to add a third destination and we'll add a fourth destination and there we go we have driving directions between four stops now if you'd like to adjust the route at all just drag the route and it will add an anchor point if you don't like it double click the Anchor Point to remove it okay let's hit preview to see how our final map is looking okay now you might be thinking this looks nice but what if I want more customization options like what if I want to remove this sidebar well you can't what if I want to change the color of this orange well you can't what if I want markers to be bigger I can't do that what if I want a map style that isn't one of these nine sorry you're limited to these nine map Styles turns out Google my maps is pretty limited with how you can customize it but there's another tool that offers a lot more customization and it's called Atlas [Music] and with Atlas you can choose between tons of different map Styles you can customize markers however you'd like and you can customize anything about Moto popups for example if you want you can hide the address or add some buttons and you can customize the sidebar to look however you want so here we have a list overlay but we could also add search or a legend and there's a whole lot more you can do with Atlas like Google my maps you can share Atlas Maps or embed them on a website but here's the thing Atlas does cost money it's not free Google my maps is free so why isn't Atlas free well I'm uniquely qualified to answer that because I'm the co-creator of Atlas alongside my friend Carl and we're not a part of Google so every time a map is loaded in at list we have to pay Google 07 so we'd be losing money if we offered our maps for free Google my maps is free because well they're Google they don't have to pay themselves but I think there's a place for both Google myaps is a super handy tool for example I like using it to plan a trip but I've also personally run into times where I wanted more customization options and that's what led Carl and me to create at list if you want to try outlist there's a link in the video description but in any case I hope this video was useful and thanks for watching

  Top Comments:
  1. @anotherguy9000 [17 likes]: Kudos to you, you started with a simple tutorial of Google My Maps, which I was looking for, then presented your product without demising the other guy’s product. Sweet and very effective, thank you!
  2. @coplini [1 likes]: that was a great ad. great soft sell. i like your style.
  3. @karthickrajalearn: At 4:54 
This Video Helpful for to learn Direction Drawing guidance
  4. @stevengundyii3495: How secure is the data that's input into the 'Google My Maps'?....
  5. @nbks181: Engaging video, not boring, no nonsense- just said and did bare minimum, love these kind of content
  6. @Flat10squirrel: does this work on android?
  7. @nagarajuch5909: Thank you
  8. @TonySousa: Very well explained. Thank you👍👍
  9. @isanarditama: Can i make it as website? Wordpress
  10. @frank.arroyo: When I create shapes the markers become unclickable on mobile version. Do you know how to fix that.
  11. @klerit1482: Comment and points for useful tutorial and ad
  12. @sankyuuu7993: Just tried My Maps and it doesn't map out directions for public transit. Huge downside.
  13. @axelgrind: Super helpful video, thanks so much!
  14. @jestdevz: Is there a way to add more than 10 layers?
  15. @scriptsandspace1569: Is there any way to edit existing labels, such as city names?
  16. @HarjitSumman: When I try to upload my Excel file with about 11 locations. I am getting the message, " Anonymous uploads are not allowed." or I have to add one by one locations. its too much.
  17. @zacharyvincik6126: Great tutorial! Question: How would you change the order of multiple locations in the same layer? If you wanted "BMV books" at the top of the list, could you?  
Found one post of someone asking years ago but can't find an answer. https://support.google.com/maps/thread/20773162?hl=en&sjid=13062982175396617506-NC
Thanks!
  18. @vivianasilonu3597: I need an asset mapping. Can you help with that? And how much
  19. @kamillianne1941: Thanku, but 1st of all, how do I even access My Google Maps?😂
  20. @arbaaz360: This video was amazing, no bs, straight to the point. Good luck with Atlist. I am working on an android app of my own that parses gpx files, so this video was a great precursor to understanding routes and later gpx tags in the created map.

- Automate your job with Python: Kind: captions Language: en learning how to automate stuff in Python is a great skill to have it's something that I started doing when I was learning and something I still do today even though I have access to Modern apis Etc so if your job revolves you around using a browser-based system then we can absolutely automate good parts of it using playwright so playwright is browser Automation in Python and we're going to be leaning heavily on its code gen feature which is going to do the majority of the heavy lifting for us I'll show you what I mean so I've got vs code open here and I have a new folder so what you want to do is you need to install playwright like this pip install playwright I've obviously already got it installed the next thing you want to do is do playwright install and type chromium so we only want to install the Chrome browser because that's the one we're going to be using if you install the other ones they'll just be there for until you delete them no need now we want to do playwright code gen like this this is going to open up a couple of extra windows and I'm going to move these over to my other screen just so we can go through them so what they do is the one on the left is the current code and the one on the right is the browser so as we make changes to the browser page it's going to record the appropriate action in the actual code itself so I'm going to paste in a URL here and we'll see we now have this page dot go to the next thing you want to do is fill in any login details that you need now this is already filled in here so I'm just going to just leave that at the moment and hit login but ideally you want to click on that so what we're going to do is we're going to I'll just move this over a little bit so it's a bit easier to see what we're going to do is we're going to create a new discount in this Ecom system so I'm going to click promotions then discount notice how the things are changing on the left hand side now I'm going to go to add new there's another click but dot click so let's give it a name by clicking in the name box and we'll just call this 50 off discount assigned to Total order click the use percentage and then we're going to put 50 in here now we want to add a coupon code so let's just do 50 off as the coupon code and we're going to do a start date and an end date now I'm going to do this by clicking on this to see if this works but you could of course type into the box here the date and times that you need now I'm going to hit save and done that's it okay so now let's go ahead and stop recording let's copy all of this and paste it into our code here and then close out these two browsers here so now we have the basis of what we need to do to basically automate that large part of our job we've gone ahead and we've logged in we can see that happening here I only clicked on the email and password remember because that was already in there so if you need to add some text in here click on it and then type the appropriate text in and you can see we're clicking on all these buttons now we are going to need to tidy this up a bit because it will probably fail at some point so what we're going to do is we're going to click run and then we'll see where it fails see where it stops and make the appropriate changes okay so let's run that and see what happens okay so it's opening up the page logging in fine go to Promotions Okay so we've hit our first sticking point so let's close that out and it failed under the promotions so where it was going to Promotions so let's add in page dot weight for load State this is the favorite one they like to use and it is um Network idle like this so let's try that again okay so that worked creating a new one this has worked and as I expected so it's failed on the uh the date input thing here that has on work so we need another solution for that so let's quickly let's have a look at the selector for this um okay you can see it failed on this parent settings div okay so let's just try commenting this out for the moment and seeing if we get anywhere okay that seemed to work so what we're going to do now is I'm going to import in time and at the best before we close everything off I'm going to put in time sleep and we'll say five seconds for now but what you can do is you can actually change these bits of information so I'm going to change this to 25 off and I'm going to change the name to 25 off as well so let's run it again and this time the sleep at the end is just going to give us a chance to see that it actually did it otherwise we can just log in otherwise again there we go before it closes we can see we have our 25 off I actually left it as 50 off so that's uh that's probably something you'd want to avoid doing but now you can see how powerful this is that was only a few minutes using its code generator to whip through and create a script that actually creates something on the system now you have to be careful when you do this you have to make sure that what you're doing is repeatable because the browser is just running through the commands that you're giving it so if things change it will fail but if a completely repeatable tasks where the same thing happens over and over again this is a great way to get it done if you've enjoyed this video I think you're going to enjoy this one right here which is more automation with python but this time for grabbing data

  Top Comments:
  1. @jaykren [1 likes]: Just being able to set up a clock in, meal in, meal out, clock out script would be so nice. Might have to try it.
  2. @Samy4EverS [1 likes]: Thanks!
  3. @fahim2jz529 [1 likes]: Im new to python. Is there an equivalent of the playwright library to track desktop activities
  4. @FrankP2491 [1 likes]: This could solve so many of my problems. Is it possible to do this on Mac? I have a MacBook that I use for work and I want to automate so much of my note process on a daily basis being that it is web based. Is it possible to do on either Mac or iPad?
  5. @syt4453 [1 likes]: brother, do you use headset alot?
  6. @EmoDescontente: No way is that easy! And I'm here thinking that it wold take an eternity to learn how to automate web stuff. Thanks for begging direct to the point
  7. @Farmerante: Excellent breakdown of browser automation for QA! While Python/Selenium is powerful for scripting, I've found that for quick UI tests involving complex visuals, NX Auto Clicker from the Microsoft Store is an amazing tool. The image detection feature makes it incredibly reliable for interacting with inconsistent DOM elements. Great addition to any QA toolkit!
  8. @driniuka877: Is it possible to install like the whole calendar and based on request it clicks where its needed
  9. @florentinog.8870: Going to attempt this on a windows pc I didn't have any luck this time. I had success with this years back using Linux Debian on my Google Pixel Book Go when I had set up the developer mode. I installed pip3, python3, created a virtual env, folder, py file, installed playwright and chromium. Still got errors about node.js something or other which was annoying because I went the python method. The playwright documents did warn about an issue #33566 in the web browsers section of their site.
  10. @joemec4377: Hahahah😂😂😂. I loughed so much. This is actually funny, that this is even possible..
  11. @saikarthikbalu: Fanasatic!!! Its works for me. Many Thanks
  12. @tk_bitsenior: Woah, this is awesome. I enjoyed your video so much, thank you!
  13. @ourtelugupeople: Hey! I've just started using playwright. i was wondering how did you bypass CAPTCHA I am not a robot thing
  14. @Samy4EverS: You are best
  15. @uniun-uniun: Probably should make a cavet list of how workplace firewalls would block all this
  16. @potatomonkie-ur6zq: any tips for "slide to login" guys? it won't let me slide in codegen
  17. @josephlozano1085: 🤯
  18. @shinobabu: Hi John,
Great Video! I need your help with something. I tried to automate a website in my company. However playwright always open temporary chrome which is not on the company's intranet. How to make it open the browser on the company's server. Thanks!
  19. @gamerdz5655: i try it on a website its high security its blocked me how to hide my self and make the program look like humen browsing
  20. @soumrock123: Thank you for the excellent tutorial. My only question is: Is the "Playwright" library more powerful than UIPath in general? 
Because it seems easier to get it running compared to a UIPath RPA Flow, which btw is also pretty useful but a bit more time consuming and sometimes overkill

- Linux/Mac Tutorial: Cron Jobs - How to Schedule Commands with crontab: Kind: captions Language: en hey there how's it going everybody in this video we're going to be learning how to schedule tasks using the cron utility now you can use cron for pretty much anything but you see it used a lot to handle things like automated backups rotating log files syncing files between remote machines or clearing out temporary folders and things like that now just about anyone can find a lot of uses for cron tasks but it becomes especially useful once you start doing a system administration type of work so let's see how we can set this up now we can schedule the list of commands that we want to run using something called the cron table and the command is cron tab for short so first we can see a list of the current users cron jobs with the command cron tab - L so we can see that we don't have any scheduled jobs yet for this user so let's go ahead and add some now when we edit our crontab we're going to have to use an editor so for most operating systems this is going to default to them and that's what I'm going to be using for this video but if you aren't comfortable using them and would like to use something like Nano instead then you can set this environment variable called editor and you can set that to none Nano so we could say something like export editor and I believe that Nano is in user bin Nano so if you set that value then when you edit your contact in stead of them and also I think if you're on a boon - then it'll ask you to select your editor when you first try to edit your cron time but like I said I'm just going to keep the default of them for this video okay so let's go ahead and edit our crontab so we can edit our list of cron jobs by saying cron tab - E and if we run that then it opens up our editor and in them if we want to insert something you can press I to put yourself in insert mode and it says insert down here at the bottom so we're just going to start off with some simple commands just to see how this works and then we'll look at some more practical examples once we get the hang of it so on each line we're going to specify when we're going to run our command and also the command that we want to run so let me grab a comment from my snippets here that will make this a little more clear so I'm going to copy these and paste them in here and then minimize that again okay so each line is going to look like this right here we're going to have five values that specify when we want the job to run and then the job that we want to execute now first we specify the minute and then the hour and then the day of the month and then the month and then the day of the week now we can use exact values or we can use an asterisk to match every value so for example one of the simplest schedules would be an asterisk for all five values so if I go ahead and type out a line here and I'm putting spaces between each of these so we have asterisks for all five of our values and then the command that we want to run and we'll just make this simple I'm just going to echo out hello and we want to put this into a temporary file so I'll send this to the temporary folder and to a file just called text txt and to save this in them we can press escape and then a colon W and I'll also quit out of here for now with the queue so now that we're back to our menu here let's list out our crontab to see to make sure that that was safe successfully okay and now we can see our command that we added here so let's go over exactly what this is saying so what this is saying is that we want to run this echo command and send it to that file we want to run that on every minute of every hour of every day of the week or every day of the month on every month on any day of the week now I know that that sounds confusing but we're going to see a lot of examples and we'll get the hang of it after a while but basically what that says is that we're just going to run this command every minute of every day so there's a good chance that cron has already run this echo command and appended the word hello to our test txt file in the temp folder so let's go ahead and cat that file to see if that has run already so we can see that our command was successfully scheduled and run through our cron system okay now let's look at some different combinations for or how the schedule when our job is going to be run so to do this let's go back and edit our cron job again okay so the asterisk will match any value but we can also use exact values so the minutes can be anything between 0 & 59 so if I was to set this minute here to 30 then what this would mean is that our command would be run on the 30th minute of every hour of every day of the month on every month on any day of the week so if I look at what my local time is now it's about 10:40 so that means that this job would now get run 30 past the hour for every hour so this would run since it's 10:40 now this would run at 11:30 and then 12:30 and then 1:30 and 2:30 and so on now the hour can be anything between 0 & 23 so 0 for midnight and 23 for 11:00 p.m. at night so if we were to change this to a 5 so now this line is saying that we're going to run our command 30 minutes past the 5th hour on every single day so at 5:30 every single day it will run that command and we can continue just going down the line of values here so the days of the month can be anything between 1 and 31 so if we were to set the day of the month to 1 now what our line is saying is that we're going to run our command 30 minutes past 5:00 on the 1st of every month so basically on the 1st of every month at 5:30 a.m. it will run our command so basically now our command is only going to run once a month and just like you might expect the months can be anything between 1 and 12 and if we were to set this to you know something like a value of 1 as well then now we're scheduling our command to run once a year so it would run at 5:30 a.m. on the 1st of the month of the first month which is January now this last value is for day of the week and this is really useful because sometimes we want to schedule commands to on at a certain time on a specific day and we can see our comment above that zero is Sunday and six is Saturday so let's say that I wanted to back up some files at midnight every Monday so to do this we could just set our day of the week to one which is Monday and then we want to put an asterisk for the month and then a an asterisk for the day of the month and then a zero for the hour because we want it to be midnight and zero for the minute as well so just go over that one more time we have zero for our minute and zero for our hour which is midnight a combination of two zeros here's midnight and then for any day of the month for any month and then on the day of the week we want one which is Monday so every Monday at midnight run this command ok so now let's look at some more advanced schedules so we can create a lot of different schedules with what we've learned so far but what if we had a script that we wanted to run on the 1st and 15th of every month now to do this we can use a comma operator to specify multiple values so for example let's say that we wanted to run a command at midnight on the 1st and the 15th of every month so we've already seen that a 0 for the minutes and a 0 for the hour is midnight and now we want it to run on the first day and the 15th day of the month so we can use a comma operator to do multiple values here so I can put in a 1 comma 15 and then we want an asterisk for any month and then an asterisk for any day of the week so again that's a 0 for the minutes 0 for the hours which is midnight and then for the day of the month 1 comma 15 which means it will run on both the 1st and the 15th of every month now one common mistake that people make when they schedule cron tasks is that it's important that we put a specific time like we did here like with midnight when we want to run something on a certain day like this because some people make the mistake of leaving these as asterisks here and they think that this will run on this command on the 1st and the 15th of every month as well but what this actually does is that it will run your command every minute of the day on the 1st and the 15th so it'll never run your command whenever it's not the first or the 15th of the month but whenever it is the first or it is the 15th then it's going to run our command every minute of that day and that's likely not what we wanted so to run it once that day then we have to select a specific time which in this case we're choosing midnight but you can choose whatever you like ok so now let's look at how we can schedule intervals so what if we wanted to run a command every 10 minutes then you could use multiple values here and say you know 0 10 20 30 and so on but that's pretty ugly and it also becomes completely unmanageable if we wanted to run you know something every two minutes or something like that so instead we can use the forward slash operator to do an interval so to run something every 10 minutes we could just put in an asterisk here and then a forged slash pin and then for these other values I'm just going to go ahead and fill in all asterisks for those so we have an asterisk here for our minute and then that forged slash 10 which actually says we just want to run this every 10 minutes and then asterisk for every other value which just means every 10 minutes of every day so then if you wanted to change that to run something every 5 minutes of every day then you could just change that 10 to a 5 and you're good to go and this works with the other values as well so let's say that you wanted to run a command every 3 days then we could put a 0 for the minutes a 0 for the hours and then for the days just a ford slash 3 and again that common mistake that I mentioned earlier if you want to run something every few hours or every few days then you have to be sure that you set the minutes and the hours to zero because if you made the mistake of leaving these as asterisks then it would just run every minute on every third day instead of once every three days so you have to be careful with that okay so lastly let's look at ranges so let's say that we wanted to run a command every hour from midnight to 5:00 a.m. so to do this we can use the - operator to specify a range so I'm just going to use an asterisk for the day here for the minute I will keep at zero and let's say that we wanted to run a command every hour from midnight to 5:00 a.m. so we can keep this as zero then put in a dash 5 so the schedule that we currently have here would run this echo command every hour between 0 to 5 of every day so another example might be you know something that you might want to schedule seasonally so let's say that you worked for a university and you had certain scripts that you wanted to run at noon every day during the summer months while the students were on break or something then you know you could write something like you know I want to run this at noon every day of the month but only through the months you know 5:00 to 8:00 which i think is made august ok so now let's do one more advanced example that ties a few of these things together so let's say that we wanted to run a command every 30 minutes during regular business hours and common business hours are Monday through Friday from 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. so let's write this out so we want to run every 30 minutes Monday through Friday from 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. okay so I'm just going to make these all asterisks for now and then we will change these as we go ok so first we want to run a command every 30 minutes so we can use our interval and do every 30 minutes and now we want our hours to be between 9 a.m. and 5 p.m. so that would be 9 a.m. and then 5 p.m. and military time is just 17 and we also only want this command to run between Monday and Friday so we go here to the days of the week and we would do 1 which is Monday through 5 which is Friday so that's a little more complicated of a command but you these contests are really versatile and allow you to create you know some complicated schedules okay so hopefully at this point you have a pretty good idea for how the schedule jobs to run on just about any schedule or integral that you would like now as one last example let me grab a couple of cron jobs from my snippets file here and they can just give some ideas for what multiple cron jobs might look like so I'll just grab a couple of these out of here and paste these in then minimize that okay so one thing about editing your crontab is not to be shy about writing comments so I usually leave this entire timing comment here at the top micron tab but just as a reference in case I forget what one of these values are and then I also comment each cron task so for our first job here this is to remove the contents of our temp folder at 5:00 p.m. on every Friday so you can see we have a 0 for the minute 5 for the hour so that's actually 5 am sorry and then a 5 for the day of the week which is Friday and then our command will remove all the contents from our temp folder and the second task that I have here is to backup my pictures folder to Google Drive every night at midnight so these are just two small examples for how you can use what we learned here but I'm sure you'll be able to find plenty of use cases yourself but you can use these for you know system updates and all kinds of different things ok so real quick before we finish up here let me give a couple more tips for using cron so in this video we've been editing our own users cron tasks but if we ever wanted to view or edit another user's cron tasks then we can use the - you option to specify which user so for example we could say crontab - you and you know user - - e now this would edit user twos cron tasks instead of your own cron tests now if you have any tasks that need to be run as a root user then we can just put sudo before the crontab so for example to view the roots cron tasks we could say to do crontab - L and that's going to ask for the sudo password and we can put that in and you can see that I currently don't have a cron tab for the root account but that is how you would edit the root or view the roots cron tabs so for example to edit the root crontab you would just do a dash e and then you're editing the root users contacts now another useful command is being able to easily remove cron tasks so you know if you've been playing around with your cron test while watching this video and would like to remove all of them then you can do that either by you know deleting all of the contents and the file that you just edited or you could just simply say crime tab - R - remove and if we run that and now we do a crontab - L you can see that now it says that we have no crontab for our user even though we saved everything that we were working with before okay so there's one last thing that I'd like to show you so I know that those schedules can be a little difficult to comprehend especially you know in such a short video but if you're still unsure how those schedules work then there are some great tools online where you can type in a schedule and it will do its best to translate that schedule for you so one of the first results online is this crontab guru and in here we can add a schedule and it will do its best to tell us what that schedule is so for example we have five for the minute and four for the hour so it's saying that it'll run at 4:05 and another cool thing here is that the text is kind of small here I'm not sure if you can see in the video but it also shows an example of when at the next time this schedule would be executed based on the current time and if you click this next value here and it expands this out to show you the next five executions so what this is saying here is that this is going to execute at 4:05 a.m. on the next five days now if we were to change this to something like 0 for the minute 0 for the hour and then 1 for the day of the week and now we can see that this is saying that it's going to be on midnight on Monday and our schedule here is saying that it'll be on night on the seventh and then the 14th and then the 21st which I'm assuming are Mondays so even if you're pretty comfortable with how the scheduling works you know using sites like this can give you some reassurance that you're putting in the right values and that you're scheduling your jobs exactly how you expect okay so I think that is going to do it for this video I hope now that everybody has a good understanding for how scheduling tasks through cron works but if anyone does have any questions about what we covered in this video then feel free to ask in the comment section below and I'll do my best to answer those now if you enjoy these tutorials and would like to support them then there are several ways you can do that the easiest ways to simply like the video and give it a thumbs up and also it's a huge help to share these videos with anyone who you think would find them useful and if you have the means you can contribute through patreon and there's a link to that page and it's a strips in section below be sure to subscribe for future videos and thank you all for watching you

  Top Comments:
  1. @brandonrugzie [2 likes]: Excellent explanations! Thank you for helping me set up a scheduled backup w/ this and your rsync video!
  2. @wpstormdev2310: 2025 is here
  3. @dannyhd8301: Dude taught me python ,  and am back for linux lol , corey is the best
  4. @Alessandro-b9f6b: The perfect video, 7 years after
  5. @mitz2156: man, yu can talk without breathing. Not attractive for a teacher.
  6. @servethetech: Amazing.. Subscribed.
  7. @ThomasLEsperance: Your videos have helped me so much.
  8. @nemplayer1776: Is there a better alternative for Windows users?
  9. @Cespasbeau: Thank you.  This */2 explained why my tasks were not running every 2 minutes as desired.
  10. @stojke8809: I'm having issues with automating it. Anyone here can help me?
  11. @misterl8129: Thank you!

How i can see if the cron actually ran?!
  12. @AMINE-yy3zb: Excellent explanation as always. Some people are just born to explain things to humanity
  13. @simon057: My cronjob simply isn't being executed at all. My goal is to run a script every 5 minutes: */5 * * * * sh /Users/admin/script.sh
  14. @gudjihn: So how to call a job every day twice per day at 12p.m and 17p.m?
  15. @FrancoisTCS: I am not sure where the file is saved on Mac.  when I ask if there is a cron tab, it says it does not exist any for the user??
where are they saved?
  16. @747driver: Thanks a LOT Corey.
With the help of your explanation I set up a cron job to kill ARDAgent every 3 hours on my old Mac Mini.
ARDAgent has a huge memory leak and over time the system becomes unresponsive and eventually crashes.
# kill ARDAgent (has a serious memory leak) at minute 30 past every 3rd hour
30 */3 * * * pkill -15 "ARDAgent"
  17. @Ausare911: Do you feel there's anything superior to crontab? Seems the perfect tool at work for me, not sure what I would do without that, rsync and find. Coding out anything similar is leg work.
  18. @michalroesler: This tutorial is so fu***ng good, that it hurts. Thank you Corey.
  19. @williepietersen4707: The best explanation on the internet! And I was searching for days.
  20. @nekoradesigner6359: how can I can add crone jobs using code

- Shutdown Your System Using Python | (Windows/Linux/Mac): Kind: captions Language: en [Music] walking through all you make me feel so crazy when i'm next to you my who saw me before i knew who i'd be again you make me feel so crazy

- Start Automating Your Life Using Python! (File Management with Python Tutorial): Kind: captions Language: en in this video we're going to be going through how you can start using python to automate the boring stuff in your life and we're going to be doing this by going through a project that i built recently that allows me to completely automate my desktop downloads folder management and i'm also going to be sharing you my general principles of what i'm thinking about when i'm building coding projects which has been a highly requested topic on this channel so let's get started what i really love about coding is that it's not just a skill to allow yourself to build a very lucrative and nice career it's also a skill to solve actual problems that you have in your life and just make the stuff that i'm doing anyway more efficient and this is particularly exciting to me because what really got me into coding initially was the appeal of having this superpower to start teaching my computer to essentially do stuff for me and act sort of as this unpaid assistant that i have access to at all times but the first question you might have is well why do we need to use python if i know c or java or some other language can we use those as well and the answer is probably yes you can probably use any language you want all you need to do is google to see if that language has the ability to do the things that we are about to do but the primary reason we use python is because python simply has a lot of libraries and a lot of tools that make it very easy to do these kinds of automation projects that we're about to build it's also very easy to learn and very simple to use so yes you can probably use any language but in this video we are going to be using python and i do recommend using python for these purposes because it's a very sleek language sleek just like a sponsor morning brew do you ever feel like that you want to be able to keep up with the world but there's simply so much going on that becomes overwhelming that's exactly how i used to feel too keeping up with current affairs seemed like a chore rather than something interesting and every morning i would always instead just gravitate to scrolling on social media that's why i'm so glad i found morning breath morning brew is a free daily newsletter that gets you up to speed in business finance and tech in just five minutes and what i particularly love about morning group is they make reading news actually fun and informative rather than a dry and dense style of most mainstream media for example without morning brew i would probably never have got myself to learn about the interesting details of why netflix's stock suddenly collapsed by 35 last week and what this actually means so i can say that being subscribed to morning brew has genuinely made me smarter the best part is that it's completely free and takes less than 15 seconds to subscribe so if you're interested in business finance or tech like i am there is absolutely no reason not to subscribe you can sign up for free by using morningbrewdaily.com internet made coder or by clicking the link in the description thank you for morning proof of sponsoring this video and supporting this channel okay on the project now so what our goal here is to do is that i built this program which don't worry we'll get into how i've done all of this but when i actually run this program and while it's running what i want to happen is that whenever i download an image instead of it going into the downloads folder it's going to be sent to this downloaded images folder and whenever i download a video i want to be sent to the downloaded video folder for example let's say i'm downloading this image of the like button which you should hit by the way so as you can see i downloaded it right there and when you go to the downloads folder it's not there and if we go to my downloaded images folder just go on the image folder so this is the goal that we're gonna be doing here um okay so let's just talk about how i sort of think about approaching this is obviously a lot of things you need to do you need to have the file running you need to have it sort of listening to changes in the downloads folder and then you need to basically based on the file type have the program send it to the appropriate folder so there's a lot of different things that you need to figure out and once you start a project like this you won't really have an idea of doing either of these things so where do you even start well the best way to think about this is to not even worry about all these things at the same time well one way you might think about it is like okay what is the first thing we need in order to have a program that basically moves files around the momentum future the first thing i thought is that first of all we need a way for our python code to access files in our computer so that's the first thing we're gonna figure out and so how are we gonna figure that out well just like any programming program you go to google you go how to access files on mac using python or something like that and basically this is essentially what i did when i was coding this up i think it was this article that i found where i found that okay first of all i need to import this os library so we're gonna do that and then with this library if you use this scan dir method we can essentially return a list of all the files in that folder so we're going to be doing that so if we define the folder that we want what we can then do is a basic for loop on this entries list which is essentially just a list of all the files in the folder so we're gonna go four and three in entries basically this code is gonna be run for each object in that list where entry represents that object in turn so if we just try running that we're gonna stop that python and these are essentially all the names of all the files in my downloads folder currently okay so now we've achieved something we've found a way to access the files in our downloads folder on our computer first step done now we can start worrying about the next thing which is like do something whenever there is a change in my download folder so whenever a file enters my downloads folder well you're gonna google that as you do with anything and essentially what i found is there's probably a better way to do it but one way is through this watchdog library so you're going to install it by going to the installation page you're going to copy this if this doesn't work you might want to try doing pip 3 install it depends on sort of the version of python you have and something like that but essentially you would go through that you would press enter it would install it i've already done it now we have our library installed and essentially what this library does allows you to listen for changes in your folders which is exactly what we want and i'm going to leave all these links down below in the description i do recommend that you go through them in more depth if you want to do this so that you fully understand what you're doing they usually have some sort of starter code for you to get started yeah you just copy it it's going to tell you all the things that you need to import essentially all of this code which now we can go over to my actual file i guess i've got it down here all of this just initiates all these processes you don't even need to know what all of this does all the time the only thing you need to change here is that for this event handler variable you're going to set it to equal an instance of this class that you created yourself of this mover handler card this could be called anything this would be called hello and then in here you would just go and change this to hello like that doesn't matter that you can define yourself and then the other thing you need to do is with this path variable you need to set this to equal the directory that you want to track in this case i want to track changes in my downloads directory and here i've set path equals source directory so these are the only things you need to change in this piece of initializer code so once you've done that essentially what happens is whenever there is a change in this source directory which is my downloads folder it is gonna fire the unmodified function of the mover handler class which is a subclass of the file system event handler class that is the requirement that's what happens when you've got all this setup now we need to start defining the actual code of what is going to happen when there is the change in this folder so now we get to use the scanning the directory code that we figured out earlier as we did before with os dot scanner and in here the source directory that we want to track has entries we're gonna do a for loop for all of the files in that folder then there are all these if statements for example if you're looking at this piece of code here if the name of the file remember we're going through all the files one by one the name of the file ends with dot mov or dot mp4 this is the most common ways video files and the main most common video file types we're going to do is set the destination folder to be test underscore underscore videos which will be defined up here to be this folder and again this is what you would define yourself you would define where you want all your video files to go for example um so we're going to define that as the destination and then we're going to run this move function which is something that i have defined completely myself and that is up here so what is going to happen it's going to take in the destination folder which we just defined and we're going to take the entry and it's going to take the name of the file what happens here is we're first checking for whether that file already exists so we're going to get that in a second but if it doesn't exist so if file exists is essentially not true it's not gonna run this code and it's necessarily gonna go to this shuttle dot move and this is again another thing which i had to figure out by googling now that we know how to access files on our computer how can we through our python code move files in our computer from one directory to another and the way we do this is using the shuttle library which the only way i know that is just by finding it on google i'm just saving you the trouble by showing it here and this shuttle library has this move function so what this is just gonna do is move the file in the destination folder and that essentially completes what we wanna do and then we just do the same thing for images well if it ends in jpeg or png you do the exact same thing except for these images or this downloaded images folder and that's what you saw happening earlier when i was downloading that like button image by the way if you enjoyed this video do hit the like button the only slightly more complicated thing was for music and sound effect but then music and sound effects you have the same file type so i had to figure out how i could separate them but and this is not perfect but essentially i went if the size of the file is less than this is i think this is like 250 megabytes or if the name of the file has sfx so i found a lot of the sound effects i was downloading the name included this sfx string so if the name includes sfx or if the file is small enough it's probably a sound effect rather than music stone in that case i would move it to my destination sound effects folder i could keep doing this for pdfs for docs files or whatever and i probably will but this is just the first version i have now and it serves more of the purposes that i needed for at this time i am going to leave this exact code in the description box where you can essentially use this exact same code if you want or obviously i encourage you to do this yourself as well because it is a very great exercise on python and actually building something for yourself that you actually end up using it for yourself because actually building a program that i use myself is a really rewarding feel like i built from scratch a program that actually is helping to solve problems for me that's a really nice feeling whatever thing you can think of that you're doing on your computer all the time over and over again some like mechanical tasks there's probably an easier way to do it with code and so i just challenge you to try to think of these things that you might be able to automate and then just go on google type on how to do x on python and so that is how we learn and building something that you actually use yourself is a very motivating and a very rewarding way for you to get better at coding whenever you are running what you can obviously do is just cd into the folder and then run the actual program but you'll probably find that that defeats the purpose of a lot of the automation if you then always have to go to the right folder to run the function so what i'd ideally want to happen is that this function is just running all the time so whenever i download something this program is just always running i haven't figured out how to do that but what i have figured out how to do well in my root folder which opens whenever i open a new terminal window i have this automate dot sh file which is actually all this does is you if you look at what's actually in this it bundles these two commands of going into the folder where this program exists and then running the program into this one file that you can just run using one command if you want to learn more about command line scripting and how that can really help you i'm very happy to make a separate video about that so definitely subscribe if you want to do that this is a whole new area of programming i'm personally just getting into and learning all the different productivity things and the things that this can really automate in my life i'm super super excited about but now i encourage you to try this i encourage you to try different automation projects that you might have try to think about problems that you have yourself and if you're a complete beginner in coding you might want to check out my how i learned how to code in four months video is by far the most successful video on this channel i've received so many messages from people that have told me that it has motivated them to start learning yeah definitely go watch that video next right after this one thanks for watching

  Top Comments:
  1. @InternetMadeCoder [50 likes]: Tell me your Python automation ideas!!!

Sign up to Morning Brew for free today: https://morningbrewdaily.com/internetmadecoder
  2. @RudyBanks [1 likes]: I wrote a batch script that moves my files to folders based on the file extension. Not running in background but one click and boom all files cleaned up.
  3. @MiguelDuncanGandier: Before: "Do a Google search, See 1st website, Go inside the website. If website is useful, then stop research. Else Go to 2nd website, ......"
Now: "Hey Chat, so I have this project..."
  4. @thejohnnytapia123: you have a great way of teaching...you go through your though process and that makes everything clearer
  5. @Itanshi-e5s: Found a way to eliminate the Tutorial pipeline headache recently. Genuine question: do people actually enjoy this process, or just endure it because they have to? Time we used to spend on this now goes to higher-value work.
  6. @PHOENIXMARIE-t7y: It has come to my attention that there is a perception of inactivity on the GitHub website.
  7. @hjnkm-r8h: love it bro most unique and excellent approach i have seen till now
  8. @A_O-o3p: Thank u for ur authenticity
  9. @karikaru: I'm just starting out, and this video really helped to visualize the type of goals or "quests" to give myself and make it also seem attainable.
  10. @Cmy711: Let's creat an online back to fill up ur bank account
  11. @westbccoast: Awesome videos and ideas thank you, these are great motivators. Is there a reason why you don't add a python shebang at the type of your python files instead of using a shell script to call it ? Just curious. At the top you could add #!/usr/bin/python3 and that way you could just run ./fileAutomation.py. I must also assume there is a way to cd inside python. I am a beginner so just asking simple questions. Also I write shell scripts, so the shebang comes naturally for me.
  12. @walkerkler: Good video. I decided to write my own version of the script. I have added a bit more to mine, ensure files are completely downloaded before moving the files. Run each file download on its own thread so that faster file downloads done have to wait until longer downloads are completed first. Added a timeout for each file download, I used tuples for my extensions..why...Tuples are immutable (not chanegable) and allows for the use of the membership operator "in". All in all, what seemed as a simple program to just copy a file turned out into researching how to do several things in python...which is the point...
  13. @TheRedneckTechnician: i use getpass to get the user they are currently using :)
  14. @learnpythonremotely: I started teaching python in my youtube channel, please watch and comment your viewpoints.❤
If you require more help and support, I can hold private class with the lowest amount of money which is affordable for you.❤
  15. @AngelWise-w2o: cool video)
  16. @AlalUddin24: What if, I stop the terminal then these code will run in the background . Because if we think from user perspective then they will only download our file and that should work in the background ?
  17. @abubakr2981: Why not just change download folder for where downloads go to, why create a python code for it?
  18. @saysnilaz8486: how can I use the python program in windows command prompt with little step by step instructions
  19. @superspak: Love the channel. Just started getting interested in programming after being a Mechanical Engineer for over a decade. I usually run my problem solving through google search as well, but I am using a site called kaggle to learn from basic intro course up to AI/Gaming code for fun 😁 I want to automate a bunch of tedious creo stuff that takes up a lot of my time, and I found out about Creopyson. I have a scope laid out so the goal is in sight, just need to learn the coding!
  20. @jwoneill1512: Like the video. What editor or ide are you using?

- How to use Cron utility to schedule a job? Crontab tutorial to append text in every date at a time: Kind: captions Language: en hi guys in this video you are going to see how we can schedule a job using the Crone utility on Linux and Unix like operating systems let's say we want to schedule jobs to run automatically at certain times for that we can leverage this Crone utility okay for example when we want to load a script at midnight at every night or let's think we want to execute a backup script to run every Sunday at 2 am so Crone utility allows you to automate such tags before we begin let's understand this Crone is a service that runs jobs and there's something called Ground it interprets chronotab files so chronotab contains jobs and schedule data so Chrome tab enables to edit a Chrome tab file using a text editor on the terminal all right now we are going to see how we can create our first Crone job we are going to open the editor by saying Chrome tab then hyphen e after the e space so this will open our editor okay now when we open this editor it might be a Vim in Mac OS or in Windows it might be different that will be fine so in Mac OS to go to the editing mode we have to press I later in the keyboard because we are currently in the command mode so press the iletter in keyboard then now you are in the editing mode now there's a cine text that we are following when we are scheduling a new job that is firstly we have provide minute and then however next one is day of month okay let's say D or M and we have to provide the month next week and next one is day of week finally we are providing the command okay now we are going to create our job firstly I will insert the minute let's see now it is 30 for 30 PM let's execute this in for 35 pm then we can say 35 as the minute and what is the hover currently it is a 4 pm then it will be 16 so the next one we want to execute this in everyday every month and every day of week Mondays then up to Sunday including Sunday okay so we will say this Wild Card character to explicitly say from that every day of week and the month and day of week so we are using the star as the Wild Card character okay now the command so let's say the command we are using this date command so this is a command that print a date using the date command we can print the date let me open a new window and show you that if we execute this date here this is printed current time and date is printed so what we will do is forward that to a new file so it will be uh say times dot txt so what will happen is this will append the current date to the file called times.txt at every uh 4 35 pm at everyday in uh a week or a month okay okay that's fine now we are going to save this press Escape or exit button in the keyboard then type colon WQ exclamation symbol so it will be saved the contact file will be saved now you will see this message in installing new Chrome tab press OK there now it it is saved we have to wait until 4 35 pm okay time has passed uh actually we have not provided a path for our times.txt so that will be saved in our root directory so we have this times dot txt in my root directory let's open that here it is available now the time of for 35 pm now let's open the editor again type con tab hyphen e we have to provide the path for our file let's say we want to save this file in the desktop I can directly paste a path if we have that in the clipboard or let's provide that by typing firstly I will say this symbol and then forward slash then desktop after that uh file name will be times Dot txt and let's change the time to PM okay now we can save this press Escape or exit type colon WQ exclamation symbol now it will be ask you permission click ok now it will be created in one minute okay time is 4 39 PM let's check our desktop now we have this times Dot txt and we have this date time okay fine now you might think what happened if we cross this terminal actually it will work still because this chrome jobs will run in the background let's change this time to for okay now remember you can provide these values if we need it as I told you a month however day of month and month and the day of week okay now I am going to save this song now let's close this terminal also because we have to check whether it's working I'm going to delete this times.txt actually it is having ability to append a new value because uh current values will not be replaced by a new value okay as you can see times.txt file is created now let's check that okay we have our date time finally let me go ahead and explain you that again so we have this minute and hover let's say we want to provide this uh day of month day of month is 20. and month is nine and day of week let's say it will be 0 for the Sunday and one for the Monday two for the uh let's say this is Wednesday so it will be 3. then what happened is in every uh September in every uh Wednesday because this is three zero for Sunday and one for Monday and so on and this is uh about day of week it is 20. and 16 means 4 pm and 41 means minute okay so we are going to change this to 4 5 PM now we are going to say this now I'm going to close this and check our times.txt after 4 45 PM whether the new day time has abandoned or not okay as you can see this times dot txt is change is this uh 4 45 is the modified time let's open that now we got this on appended there

- I Built a Claude AI Workstation with a Mac mini… Here’s How: Kind: captions Language: en So, about 6 months ago, I reviewed the WookieTech Retro Docking Station for the Mac Mini. And since then, they've upgraded this thing to be even more powerful. They added more ports and more functionality. And not only that, but the way that I've been using this thing is actually pretty special, and I want to show it off. Let's talk about it. But now, before we continue, if you guys do enjoy videos like this one where we talk all things Apple, consider subscribing to the channel and help us get to 1 million subscribers by the end of the year. But now, let's talk about the actual docking station first. Okay, so before we talk about how I use this this dock and Mac Mini combo, let's talk about the dock itself because this is going to be the seller basically because of the design. This thing looks like it came out of 1980. It has a display on it. It's got a bunch of ports on it. It looks like an old Mac from back in the day. It even has that kind of rainbow color button that Apple would put an Apple logo on there with the rainbow colorway. They couldn't do that, of course, for copyright reasons, but they have a little square on there with the rainbow colors that acts as an on-off switch as well. And as you can see, to get the full look and the full kind of idea, this was made for the M4 and the M4 Mac Pro Mac Mini to kind of sit on top of there, give you this all-in-one look that really fits on any desk as a maybe side display or a side dock to kind of give you this beautiful clean and cordless look. Now, of course, this is a USB-C hub and Thunderbolt hub through and through, so this will work with any other MacBook, any Mac Studio, or even older Mac Minis that don't have the same form factor as the M4 Mac Mini. But again, if you want that clean look, it's going to fit perfectly on top of there. But they also include a base just in case you don't have a Mac Mini and you just want to use this as a companion for maybe your 14-in MacBook Pro, a MacBook Neo, or anything in between. So now, in terms of the display, the ports, and everything that comes with this WookieTech Retro Dock, there's a lot to like about this thing and a lot of optionality as well. So, first, let's start off with the display. This is going to be a 5-in 720p IPS panel. Now, you might think that 720p in 2026 is not going to be crisp enough, but again, in a 5-in display, you're talking about a 290 PPI, which competes with everything up there in the 5K and even 6K world depending on how big the actual display is. So, 5K is going to be more than crisp enough to handle whatever you throw at it. If anything, the highest resolution point almost makes everything too small from a windowing standpoint when you are using it cuz I'm going to show you guys how I personally use it. So, I personally end up using the resolution right below it to be able to see a little bit more what I'm actually doing on that display. It has physical brightness controls on the top, so it does get plenty bright. It's not going to be an ultra retina high display HDR content machine, but just to be able to view it indoors and view it even when you have some sunlight coming in through a window, it's easily viewable, and the brightness is more than enough. So now, the display is not the only thing to like about this dock. It's got an abundance of different IO and ports that are very quick and very usable. And the first kind of core features you have here, the trick up its sleeve is that on the rear, it actually has an NVMe slot to be able to add additional storage of to 8 TB, which is absolutely amazing. It does bring all the tools in the packaging. You get a little screwdriver, the thermal paste as well, and it is magnetically attached, so you can easily hide it away and open it up. I have a 4 TB NVMe SSD plugged in there, so I always have an additional 4 TB for my base model Mac Mini that only has 256 gigs of built-in storage. On the front, it also has some high-powered UHS-II SD and microSD card slots. We just push it in and push it out to be able to view whatever you have in your SD cards, which is great to see. And then, in terms of the rest of the ports, you have an abundance of IO like I mentioned. You have four different USB-A ports. You have two in the front, two on the rear, which are all going to be 10 Gbps in terms of speed and power. You have an additional USB-C port on the front, and then three more USB-C ports on the rear that are also going to have the same type of data transfer speeds, which are great to see. And also, up to 36 W of power output depending on which one you get here. And then also, you have a 3.5 mm headphone jack for those people that do want to wire in via a headphone jack. And then, what's nice about these is that when you do stack it on your Mac Mini, all your ports are still usable. So, you still have your two front-facing USB-C ports, and you also have access to all your Thunderbolt ports on the rear of it and the HDMI port. So, again, it fits perfectly on top of the M4 Mac Mini. So, you have up to 19 different ports when you combine all the ports of the Mac Mini and the ports that you have on that WookieTech hub. Now, like I said, there are two different versions. One is going to be the 10 Gbps version, and then the other one is going to be the 80 Gbps version. And then, the only IO difference that we see here is that the cheaper one, the 10 Gbps, has an HDMI port, and then the 80 Gbps one has a display that does support up to 8K60. And then, of course, that's going to be Thunderbolt 5 enabled. It even brings a nice Thunderbolt 5K cable in the packaging as well. So, it's going to be basically the same thing. The displays are going to be the same, and most of the IO is going to be the same. Everything's just going to be a little bit faster in terms of data transfer speeds moving forward. And then again, also the SSD on the rear is going to be faster as well, which does support up to those 8 TB, which is great to see. And then, in terms of price point, I believe on Amazon, the 10 Gbps one is 170, and then the 80 Gbps one is 299. But I think there are deals right now where you can get the 10 Gbps one for under 160, and then the more expensive one for about $260, which in my opinion, for a Thunderbolt 5 dock that has everything that it has, including the display and is a great conversation starter and it looks good on your desk, I think it's a no-brainer for that $260 price point. So now, if you were just here for the dock itself, I do highly recommend it, and I'll leave both of them linked down below with the best price points. And I think, in my opinion, it's one of the best gifts that you can get a tech lover because it's multifunctional. It looks good, and like I said, it's just a great kind of piece and conversation starter to have in your desk setup. But now, if you want to know how I've been using this thing lately because at first, I was using it as my main desk setup hub because I was using an M4 Mac Mini at my main desk, but I recently did pick up a MacBook Pro, and I've been using that as my main computer. And I still wanted to be able to use my baseline M4 Mac Mini. And if you're anything like me and you're on Tech Twitter and you're in the tech space even in the smallest bit, then you might also be inundated with everything AI, right? There you have Claude, you have Anthropic, you have, you know, ChatGPT and the ability everybody's creating new businesses and being entrepreneurs, and everything's being done for them by their AI assistant and their agents and stuff like that. And to me, it's it was just a little too much, but I did want to dive in a little bit, especially when Claude came out with their kind of Claude bot killer, I guess, cuz I heard a lot about that over the last couple months, and I just wanted an easier way to try it out. Before, it was just too complicated for me to even want to deal with. But now, Claude did release their own form of it, and that's what I've been using this M4 Mac Mini for with this retro dock. So, what makes this easy is that this does rely on the Mac Mini being on at all times, and you can easily do that in the settings. It is beneficial for it to have a display, so this being a 5-in display that I can easily look at whenever I need to and then switch with my keyboard and mouse whenever I need to, that's also great. But the most important thing is that I just have a easy view into what's going on, and then using Claude's new feature of being able to kind of control everything via the chatbot on my phone and then give instructions via that, it's just making it everything so much easier. So, again, this isn't going to be a setup video, and if you guys do want a setup video, comment down below. I'd be more than happy to show you guys my workflow. But essentially, this has turned into like my Claude bot or my Claude machine that basically just helps me organize a lot of my files in my day-to-day work life. So, there's three main ways that I've been using this setup, and the first one, again, this is kind of recent because it just came out I want to say two or three days ago in terms of being able to be used by the public, and it does require that paid $20 a month subscription, which again, to each their own. But the first one's going to be all about research and thinking. So, I basically type in to my Claude bot, so basically type in via my iPhone to be able to run this research in the background on my Mac Mini to be able to research things that I want to in the background in my Mac Mini. So, when I come to my desk, I can easily just glance at it, move around, and even move it to my MacBook Pro or maybe my iPad if I need to whenever I am doing any type of research for any content that I'm building up. But for me, the most beneficial one is going to be organization of files. And again, there's a lot of promises and a lot of people saying that Claude can do a bunch of different things, but in my opinion, it's still very granular in terms of what it can do. It's not this kind of end-all, be-all that's going to make you rich all of a sudden. It's going to be able to stock trade for you and and basically run a business for you and all this and that. There may be versions of that I'm just not privy to, but the way that I've been practically using it is purely to organize my files. And now, the way that I do that is actually very simple. So, I record whatever files I'm recording on my SD card right here, and then I have my audio recording as well on an SD card. So, what I do is I plug that SD card directly into the WookieTech dock and then import that into my desktop, and then I have Claude basically go through all the different files, rename them, restructure them, reorganize them, put them into subfolders if I need to just so it's all very organized. And then, I'm able to move that folder into an external SSD that I then use in Final Cut Pro on my MacBook Pro. And then, the second thing that I've been using is I use the iCloud desktop as a way to kind of hold a lot of temporary files. So, if I'm working on a thumbnail, I'll save it onto my desktop. Or if I have a bunch of screenshots, they're on my desktop. So, at all times, there's probably 50 or 60 different things on my desktop until I kind of clean it out at the end of the week. And that's also been very beneficial in with Claude because basically, whatever's on my Mac Mini desktop is also on my MacBook Pro desktop because I am using the iCloud version of desktop. So, I'm able to manipulate those files, move them around if I need to, get them reorganized, renamed, and then whatever shows up there will then also be showed up and translated in my MacBook Pro. So, it's basically doing stuff on my MacBook Pro in iCloud without it even touching the MacBook Pro, which for me has been very beneficial. And again, a practical use case versus all these crazy promises that are being made of what this Claude bot can do. So, that's kind of why I've been using it, and I'm going to continue to experiment with it cuz I do know that I'm kind of just scratching the surface, but I just liked how it all set up perfectly. I have this 5-in display. I have a keyboard that connects to both of my devices. I'm able to control everything via my iPhone, via the Claude application, and via co-work and things like that. So, I'm able to still have my Mac Mini on at all times. It's still being used. It's not just collecting dust in the corner. I'm able to organize my things how I see fit. I'm able to do some research passively in the background. So, it's doing some work for me that I would otherwise need to do myself. But again, there still are definitely some limitations to this thing that I'm learning that not a lot of people talk about on Twitter. So, definitely take everything that you see on Twitter with a grain of salt, but that's how I've been using my M4 Mac Mini with this brand new retro WookieTech dock. Absolutely love it. I'm going to leave everything that I talked about linked down below. And let me know in the comments down below what you think. Is this dock something that you would use? Do you use an M4 Mac Mini? Have you already moved on to the MacBook Neo? Do you use something like Claude bot or the Claude co-work situation? There's so many names these days that I really don't know what to even call them, but again, let me know in the comments down below what you think. If you made it to the end, leave a little dolphin in the comments down below so I know you made it to the end. And if If want to watch more videos like this one, check out one of these videos right here. Until next time, I'm Fernando. Peace, everyone. That Retro Dock, highly recommended.

  Top Comments:
  1. @simoncurtain [5 likes]: Three ideas that don't support each other when separated.

The hardware is a Thunderbolt hub with an NVMe slot. That exists for less. 

The pixel density comparison is technically accurate and practically irrelevant — nobody's choosing between a 5-inch panel and a 5K display; the constraint is usability, not sharpness. 

And the AI workflow runs on software and iCloud. The dock isn't in that chain at all.

Strip the aesthetic and what's left doesn't justify "no brainer." 

It justifies "nice desk accessory."
  2. @9to5Mac [2 likes]: Get the Wokyis Docking Station here: https://wokyis.com/sct8mw
  3. @st.maxwell [2 likes]: I’d love to learn how to set all this up with Claude. I pay for the pro plan but don’t know anything about the Code and Dispatch sections. I hope you released a how-to video!
  4. @RaynFemaleProducer [1 likes]: DEFINITELY need a set up video! 🐬
  5. @matthewsclement [1 likes]: I mean, seriously…you spent over half the video promoting the dock. Click bait.
  6. @matthewsclement [1 likes]: So basically this wasn’t a guide for building a workstation for Claude but a commercial for this dock that I’m sure you guys are getting paid to promote. Thumbs down.
  7. @rockyj15 [1 likes]: Mac STUDIO version?
  8. @Bombasticbomb1 [1 likes]: I mute the sound and on the subtitles. The piano sound while you talking is really distracting and annoying!
  9. @CH-sk5jt [1 likes]: Cherry Limeade poppi is 🔥🐬
  10. @alphamarz: 🤩…I needed a dock and a monitor! ALL IN ONE!  I only wanted the monitor for setup so this is 🔥
  11. @dumihail1432: What about the mini's antenna? Have you checked the wifi receiving signal? Any disturbances?
  12. @London_drives: 🐬Great vid love the dock
  13. @crabbycat8884: it's really cool if its imac g4 with 15" full hd monitor probably more useable
  14. @Ajonra: 🐬
  15. @rooodood: 🐬
  16. @nobody_gtk: hey can you turn the background music up a little
  17. @hotdavesweet: 🐬🐬🫶❤️
  18. @MrRosenleaf406: 🐬
  19. @the_penitent_man: 🐬
  20. @PeterWargo: I just ordered one; it will be perfect for the Mac mini that I use on my workbench. And I agree with everybody else: please kill the piano music. All it does is distract.

- Mac Studio CLUSTER vs M3 Ultra 🤯: Kind: captions Language: en Even with four Mac Studios hooked up, I still can't get to the green. Exo, you're tough. Mac Studio cluster, ladies and gents. And today, I'll be doing some experiments. So, you might know that machine learning models need a ton of memory. Usually, you'd reach for a high-end GPU because, well, they're faster at running parallel tasks and CPUs. But dedicated professional GPUs like H100s by Nvidia, for example, that Elon Musk buys, well, those are really expensive. They're power hungry and still have limited RAM. Even consumer grade GPUs like the RTX5090 here, they're still expensive, power hungry, and have even less memory. This goes up to 32 GB. And good luck finding them, by the way. On the other hand, Apple silicon machines, while not as fast as Nvidia GPUs, they're available, they're ultra power efficient, and they have lots of memory, which can be shared with the GPU, allowing me to run things like this 70 billion parameter model with ease. Boom. Load it up. 65 GB out of 128 used. Write a JavaScript function. Don't care what it is. Just do it. Calculate the area of a perimeter and a rectangle. There it is. It's going. It's moving. How fast it's going? 10 tokens per second. I told you it wasn't the fastest thing in the world, but it works. That was the M4 Max, 128 GB machine. 70 billion is okay, but today's open-source large language models that you can run locally can go higher than that. They require a ridiculous amount of memory. 405 billion parameters for Llama, 671 billion parameters for Deepseek R1. The more parameters, the more capable they are. If you have a 1 billion parameter model, chances are it's going to give you gibberish. 671 billion parameters is going to give you decent results. So, Apple dropped this Mac Studio on us recently with 512 GB of unified memory. And uh at $10,000 is definitely not cheap, even though it is cheaper than the equivalent of Nvidia GPUs would be. Now, in this cluster, all these Mac Studios are maxed out at 124 GB of memory each, and they're all M4 Max's. Just got to get to that green. What if I add the M3 Ultra to the cluster? Oh, still in the yellow. So close. Oh, and if you're curious about the power usage, check this out. So, we've got four Mac Studios here. All four of them are plugged into this using 48 watts of power while just pretty much just sitting there. I have a few programs open, but it's still sipping that power. So, we're going to kick things off with this cluster and see how it does on its own before it meets the final boss, the M3 Ultra Max Studio for a final showdown. Now, EXO is one way to do clustering. The other way that I talked about briefly in my other video is MLX distributed. MLX is Apple's answer to what CUDA can do on Nvidia GPUs. This is specific for Apple Silicon and that's why I'm going to demonstrate to you it works a little bit faster. So here I've loaded up a model called Deepc Coder V2 light instruct and this is the GGUF version offloaded completely to the GPU. Write a JavaScript function and there it is. Pretty fast. 115 tokens per second. Really nice. again just to make sure. 113 tokens per second. Same ballpark. That's already really good. Now we're going to load up the MLX version of the exact same model. DC coderv2 light instruct, but this time it's MLX. Load model. Write another JavaScript function. Boom. 168 tokens per second. Once more, 163. You can see where we're going with this. MLX is really good and optimized on Apple Silicon. And MLX distributed is a way that you can run machine learning models across a cluster of Macs. Down in the description, I'm going to link this post right here by AI who is working on MLX. And he wrote out how you can set this up locally for yourself. There are a few extra steps that are needed beyond this. This uh post assumes a few things. So, I created another repository where I give a more detailed guide as well as some scripts. Now, these scripts also make some assumptions, so make sure you read the instructions carefully. But here's what you need. You want to make sure that all your machines have SSH enabled and they're allowed for passwordless login between all the machines. Now, I'm using, which is a way to configure your Python environments, so you can isolate the Python environments. I made videos about this before. I'll link a tutorial on how to set that up down below as well. So you want to make sure you have cond environment and it's the exact same environment on all these machines. One easy way to do this is create the environment on one machine, set everything up, make sure everything works including the clustering instructions. Basically you have a cluster of one working, right? So here I'm going to have a definition in my host file of one host name. And then I'm going to launch the MLX instructions with a command with a prompt. I mean boom, there it is. I'm using the same model by the way. Deep sea coder v2 light instruct 4-bit MLX. This is just pure MLX right here. And here I got 173 tokens per second. So even better than LM Studio. And keep that number in mind because I'm going to be adding more machines and we'll see how that affects this performance. Let me run that again. And while that's happening, we're going to take a look at Mactop to see that we are using 100% of the GPU. So that's really, really good. Memory. This machine has 128 gigs. We got plenty to go. That's why I'll run bigger models. So, you got and your project file set up on one machine. All that is described in that doc. Now, to find your environment, you go to your home folder, find your minion folder, environments, and there's mine right there. MLX disc. All I got to do is just copy this folder over to the environments folder on all the other machines. And boom, I suddenly have my environments configured exactly the same way on all the machines. I would do the exact same thing for my project folder. What's this project folder I'm talking about? Project folder is something you can clone from my repository or you can create it and it's pretty easy to create. All you need in that project folder is two files. One file is hosts.json. This describes which specific hosts are going to be in your cluster. Hosts, what the heck is that? Well, hosts are the machine names. I name mine pretty simply. AMS1, a2, a3, and a4. And these are discoverable as those host names on the network. And this is a local network. Well, if these two were plugged in. I was doing an experiment. So, they're all plugged in here to this network switch down here. It's a 10 gigabit network switch. And I've discovered that it actually is not making much of a difference whether you're using a network switch or you're using Thunderbolt. I'll get into that momentarily. But this is a local network. So, all these machines can talk to each other directly at 10 gigs. They all have 10 gig Ethernet cards now. And you can check the names of these hosts and rename them to how you like by going to your system settings. Then general sharing remote login. Make sure that's on. That's SSH. And then down here, your local host name. You can edit it. So here's mine. A-MS-1.local. From this machine, I can now say SSH ams-2. And now I'm on this machine from here without a password. exit. And of course, you want to be able to get into every one of these machines that same way. Now, if we check the speed between these machines, I'm going to set one up as a server. IPF would let us check the speed. Iperf- C is going to be the client. And I'm going to point to this other machine. AMS-1. And check it out. We're getting speeds of 9.4 GBs per second. So, that's going through our Ethernet ports locally. If I wasn't using the Ethernet ports, I'm going to unplug those. Now, we're using Thunderbolt Bridge. Now, to use Thunderbolt Bridge, I connected this machine. This is the first one. It's like a hub and spoke kind of situation. So, I connected it to this one, to this one, and then to that one. But that's not all. You then have to go to system settings, network, and then Thunderbolt bridge, and then details. Under TCP IP, you want to make sure you configure it manually, and that way you can provide your own IP address. I did 192168.210 2.20 230 24.40 up here. And then change your subnet mask accordingly. Now we're using Thunderbolt Bridge for networking as well. But we're not using host names now. We're using IP addresses. You can set it up to use host names if you want to, but I just have IP addresses. For our purposes, it actually does not matter. So these are speeds that we're getting with Thunderbolt 5. And you can see that it's considerably faster. 65 Gbits per second here. Now, you'd think, "Wow, that should be a lot faster." It's not. It would be faster if you're transferring files back and forth. But with MLX distributed, you already have all the full files of the models on each of the machines. So, it's not taking advantage of this. Now, I want to add one more host. So, I can have two machines in my cluster. I go to my host file and I just make a copy of that line and change that to ams. Your host names will obviously be different. Why would you need a in yours? That's my initials. Let's go in here and run that command again. By the way, I did write scripts that encapsulate these commands, but I just happen to be running the command here. Why not? And there it is. It's coming out pretty fast. I asked it to summarize the theory of relativity for me, and we got 107 tokens per second this time. So, when I'm using two machines, it slowed down a bit. Let's take a look at that again. All right, now it's generating. And here we go. So, you can see it's not reaching quite 100% on both machines. It's only going up to about 50 to 60%. That's all it needs for this one, apparently. There you go. It got the job done. I kind of wish it used a little bit more. I'm not sure how it works underneath the hood, but I know that if it's not up to 100%, it's not fully utilizing what's available, but of course, we know there's going to be some overhead with MLX distributed and how network communication works with MPI. NPI is what's working underneath to do the communication. Cool. Should we add one more machine? This is a very small model, so it's better to experiment with small models instead of big models until you get everything tuned and then you start with a big model. Now, what the heck? Let's just do all four of them. And there we go. All four of them are working. We got GPU usage. We got memory usage on all four. And we're down to 79 tokens per second. Definitely taking a hit. And you can kind of estimate how the scaling is going here. It's It's taking a lot of a hit on those tokens per second the more machines you add. I bet you're wondering, what about a larger model? What about DeepSeek R1 with all 671 billion parameters? What does that look like? First, let's take a look at how that would look running on one host. Oh, in case you're wondering, if you search LM Studio for Deep Seek 1 and then select instead of GGUF MLX up here, you'll find it. Here it is. It says it's likely too large for this machine. Yeah, cuz it's 420 GB. Let's try running it. Instead of this Deep Sea Coder V2 light, I'm going to do Deep Seekar1 4bit. And boom. Keep an eye on that memory right there. We're still in the green, but it's going up. We're in the orange and we're in the red. We're up to 120 GB. And suddenly, we hit a wall. And boom. Process killed. We give up. The memory is back. No can do. model is too big. Can we do two hosts? These two right here. If you run this command now and the model is not on one of the machines, it's going to have to download to that machine first. So, you're going to have to wait until that model is fully on all the machines that's in your cluster. So, the way to do this faster is to go into your cache directory. By the way, it's a hidden directory. To reveal it, you go shift command period and you can toggle uh hidden files and folders in Mac OS. So you want to go to cache in your home directory hugging face hub and that's where all these models are going to live. There's my deepsear 4-bit model and it's 420 GB in size. The fastest way to transfer this on machines that are equipped with Thunderbolt 5 is to use a Thunderbolt 5 drive. I've shown videos on how fast these things are. I'll link to some of those videos down below. But it was basically about a minute to transfer all 420 GB from the Mac Studio to the hard drive and then another minute from the hard drive. Why am I saying hard drive? It's an SSD. They're fast. Okay, I got them on all the machines now. Let's run this thing. By the way, this is the first time I'm running this. I'm curious about this. This may not work at all. Actually, I I don't even know cuz I've never tried this. This is the first time. Serious. Nothing seems to be happening. It showed more signs of life when I ran it on one machine than trying this on the cluster. Now, there's that memory creeping up. 70 GB. And that's on one machine. It means it's double for both of the machines. 102 used on this one, 107 on this one, and we're getting into the orange, folks. And now in the red. Basic calculations can tell you that this is not going to fit into two machines that are 128 GB, right? But I don't know. Let's Let's try it. Pretend I can't do math, which most of the time I can't. to use to calculators these days. Okay, it broke to be expected. Let's add the other machines in here. At least I know that it's working. 76 GB 81. It's going up. The memory on all these is going up. Here we go. 102 GB on each machine now at this point. Oh, look at that little ladder. Still in the green. That's very nice. Are we going to start using the GPU? It's still filling up the memory. Nope. Not printing anything yet. There it goes. There's the GPU. Or is that just a little blip? I'm like this, you know, like, please work. Come on. I'm doing a demo for these nice people over here. You have to try and work here for me. Okay. Okay. GPU is going 40% on each machine. About 40%. And it's printing. It's printing. It's not too slow, but it's significantly slower than before. Of course, this is the full 671 parameter model running on the cluster. Very nice. 15 tokens per second. Now, what if we try it on the M3 Ultra? Can we beat that 15 tokens per second on the cluster here? 128 * 4 is 512, which is exactly how much RAM is in this machine. Look at that memory just completely deflated after it was done processing. So, if we want to run this again, got to fill up that memory one more time with each query. And that's the oneshot MLX thing. If you want to keep things in memory, you got to use other commands or other tools like for example LM Studio. Let's start with that comparison. So I'm going to kick off just like before Deep Sea Coder Light, the small one. This is the MLX version. And I'm going to compare it to here. Of course, got to download it first. Write a C method to balance a budget. Whatever the heck that means. I don't know. Let's Let's go for it. Boom. Wow. That is extremely fast. Look at that. 166 tokens per second and it's balancing our budget, I guess. I don't know. I'm not going to check it. So, now we're kind of comparing the M4 Max, which you've seen on the channel before. I have an M4 Max MacBook Pro that I use as my daily driver. That's what's in here, too. And that's what's capable of those kinds of speeds. Now, what about M3 Ultra? It should be faster, even though it's a M3 chip. Single core operations are a little bit slower there than the M4s, but the multi-core operations should be quite a bit faster. Write a C# method to balance a budget. And boom. Still pretty darn fast. I I can't even tell the difference. Oh, 146. Come on. That can't be right. That's slower again. 140. I'm baffled. Why is it faster on the M4 Max than the M3 Ultra? What did I do? That's not the same. I really expected that one to be faster. Something's off. Let's check out llama 3.370 billion. And we're going to offload all the layers to the GPU. Write a JavaScript function to find a prime number. Any prime number will do. That's fine. And here we go. This is the 70 billion parameter model, so it's going to be quite a bit slower, but it's still kind of acceptable, I suppose. And I'm going to do the exact same thing over here. And boom, there it goes. It uh looks a little bit slower. This is the one that we ran earlier, if you remember. And I think we got like 10 tokens per second here. Still doing it. Great. I'm going to stop it right there. We got 9.93. So about 10 tokens per second here. And 13.27 27 over here on the M3 Ultra. And that aligns pretty much with my expectations because of what we've seen with Geekbench. Multi-core results put the M4 Max at about 25 26,000 and it put the M3 Ultra at about 29,000. Not that much performance gain for multi-core there, even though the price is way up higher. And that's because of the memory. But what if we run a very large model on this, which is what it's really going to be meant for, right? Deepseek R1 4bit. It's got to suck up all that data, that whole model into memory. Oh. Oh, there it goes. There it goes. The pressure is building up. Oh, it's writing. It's going pretty fast. Look at that. Memory used 407 GB. We're not even in the orange or red yet. Has a lot to say about the theory of relativity. That's good. Love seeing that green chart right there. Smooth as butter. And we're at 19 tokens per second. Oh yeah, that is actually a very very nice rate. Full Deepseek R1. Pretty good. So here they are running at the exact same time on the cluster and on the big boy here. Big boy taking up 251 watts of power. Cluster taking up 150 watts of power. Feels like I'm forgetting something. Oh yeah, running a model on these M4 Maxes together with the M3 Ultra. So, I started digging around for an 8bit quantization of Deepseek R1, and there is one, but it's been a few weeks since I recorded the rest of the video. A couple of things have happened. One is Deepseek V3 is now out. It has an 8bit quantized version, and this model is about 750 GB in size. So, if I run this on all five machines, I have a bit of a problem. 750 / 5 is 150 GB. Yeah, I needed the calculator for that. If you go to MLXLM, this tool that I'm using on GitHub, and you take a look at models, you'll see DeepSseek V3. And yeah, this has been updated since I started this video. It can now distribute the load dynamically among the machines, which means it only needs part of the model on each machine. But there's still the issue of equal distribution versus whatever the machine is capable of. Even if we have the 512 GB monster over here, it's still going to use only 150 out of that, and it's going to try to use 150 out of each one of these, which is not going to work. So I reached out to Anie who was working on this at Apple and he recommended I take a look at this function right here. This is the definition of the pipeline function. If we update this to make it static or detect to the machines, we can have the 128 GB machines get let's say 120 GB and give more of the model to the big machine to process. So after working on this for days, it seems like uh I finally got something that worked. But I didn't test the big model yet. I started with a smaller model because if it can do the 4bit model, then it should be able to do the 8-bit model, but then I don't need to wait as long in between my runs. And I specify how many layers I want to be processed by the big boy over there versus the other machines just as a test. Here we go. We can take a look at what's happening with the 512 GB machine. And you can see it's using right now 305 GB of memory. Nice little bump right there in the memory pressure chart. So, 305 GB, which is great. That's definitely more than any of these have. And this one got up to about 73 GB, and that's perfect. You can also tell from that little memory pressure chart on this machine. It's right in the middle there. Nice little bump. And it looks just like this one. Even though they have very different memory profiles, the chart looks exactly the same. And that's kind of how I want it to look. Now, I did get this working at one point where it explained the theory of relativity pretty well to me, but right now it's giving me not the best results. This definitely needs to be tweaked. This is just an experiment to get the split correct and to see the tokens per second. 16.482 is a pretty nice tokens per second for DeepS v3. Now, it's time to run the 8-bit version. Okay, it's been a few more days and I got something else to report. takes a while to download these gigantic models. And if something is off and you need to do it again, then it takes a while more. But I'm still wearing the same clothes because continuity, huh? Never did I think I was going to be working on a video for so many months. By the way, this video doesn't have a sponsor, but I do want to thank the members of the channel for your continued support. Thank you so much. Members get extra videos. There's a join button right down below. Subscribing and liking the video is also very much appreciated, and that's free. There's a couple of other things I found out. Of course, for the large model that's 750 GB in size, I had to use all five clustered together, which I was really hopeful to get working. The big challenge is the uneven distribution, but uh I didn't solve it the way I thought I was going to solve it. MLX distributed uses MPI. MPI is message passing interface. I didn't know this. I just looked it up. Basically, it's a lower level interface for the computers to talk to each other and to be able to control each other through SSH. Pretty cool stuff. But MPI does not take into account the order that we've specified the machines in the host file. So even though I specified a MS5, the 512 GB machine as the first thing, which means index zero, it does not automatically mean that it's going to get rank zero when the model pipeline code is hit. Here I'm assigning rank zero the majority of the layers and I'm giving about six layers to each of these guys. But when this code runs it's not guaranteed that zero will be the big boy. So I had to dig around some more and alter the command that we're running. I spent quite a bit of time doing this stuff. And finally I have this thing called a rank file. Binds the host name a5 to rank zero. So now our command is slightly different. This is not documented anywhere. Maybe I'll add it to the documentation. I probably should do that. But here is the final command. MLX launch. You pass it the host file. You specify MPI as the back end, but then you pass in MPI ARG map by rank file and then you give it the file name. And everything else is pretty much the same. Here's the 8bit model. Let's observe the split. I'm going to run this and look at the memory usage here. All these four machines are using just enough memory. We're at 87 GB here, 92 over here, 51 over here, 92 over here. Perfect. And then the big boy. I don't know why I keep calling him the big boy. That's weird. We're waiting on that one. It's getting layers 28 through 60. And it's getting pipeline rank zero. There's the memory growing. 380 GB, 394, 400 GB. Still plenty of room on this machine. You can see the memory usage is up to almost 80% now. And there is that memory pressure going up. But then, uhoh, we've got some problems. And because I don't know what the heck I'm doing, I cannot figure out how to get past this memory issue. So now the memory split is even figured out how to pass the right ranks to hardcode it. But at this point, I've kind of hit a wall. I don't know anything about this stuff. I had to dig into the code for days trying to figure out how to even get anywhere. But I think this video was taking a little bit too long to put out and I wanted to let you know how it's progressing. However, I did ask my Twitter buddy Ivan to run this model because he's got two of the 512 GB M3 Ultras. And even though this thing took probably half a day to download, he came through and he did it. 1 GB worth of machines, same as here, but evenly split. 12 tokens per second for the 8bit version. And that's not bad. So, if you're going to be doing a cluster and you're using MLX distributed right now, it's better to get the same exact machines. And I'm hopeful that somebody much smarter than me will figure out how to distribute this stuff among machines that are not the same. So, what setup should you use? Cuz there's a lot of different options here. Should you go for something like the Mac Studio with 512 GB? Maybe. It's actually nice to have that much memory available without having to do all kinds of clustering and heating up your office. And if you're going to be running a bunch of these just to match the amount of memory that that 512 machine gives you, I don't know why I'm making the Robert Dairo face, but you're going to need a lot of these and it's going to be really expensive. Yeah, sure you can go with like 3060s or 3070s, a bunch of those. Those are going to be cheaper and they're going to run pretty nicely, but you're dealing with a huge setup costs, which you can do cuz it's only once. Operational costs though, those are ongoing, so keep an eye out for those. Now, if you do go with a clustering solution and you're using Apple Silicon, then there's a couple of really great options that I demonstrated here. Exo is one of them. It's great if you want something simple and automatic. And it worked really well for me the last video. This video, I couldn't get it quite working, but I think they're working on something, an update. I've been talking to Alex, the guy that created it, and they definitely have stuff in the works. Stay tuned on the channel. I'll be updating you if something new comes out. MLX distributed. Another great option just like I showed in this video. Ethernet versus Thunderbolt. Thunderbolt is faster when you're doing data transfer back and forth, but Ethernet is going to be easier to set up and more flexible and more stable. Now, of course, clustering only makes sense when you're dealing with models that are too large to fit on a single machine. If you're dealing with smaller models like 30 billion, 70 billion, those can all fit pretty comfortably at a nice quantization. Four bits to 8 bits on a 128 GB single machine. And anything smaller than that, of course, as well. But for larger models, you're going to need to cluster or get the big boy here. Exo. Adding the sixth machine to the mix. Yes, I'm in the green. Five Mac Studios and one MacBook Pro did it. I guess we can call it a day. Thanks for watching. If you want to catch my Mac Mini video, you can watch it right over here. I'll see you next time. [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @iGotHope [1 likes]: Watching this cuz my open claw on my Intel Mac mini is acting up
  2. @ux592 [1 likes]: Thank you.  A great video.
  3. @centurieswisdom: I'm looking at bot viewed video voluntarily just to see some "tech" dude that can't even python. Bruh. Nice hobby ofc, but go get on your yacht and enjoy the end of the world.
  4. @thefruit: B100 left the chat
  5. @youtuberwarnet: this guy is the reason why apple 512GB unified memory
  6. @ForgedByCJ: where the heck did you find that vertical rack mount for the macs?
  7. @TylerJayy: Now you need to try this again with RDMA
  8. @Sphyxx: You have a very similar way of teaching to NetworkChuck
  9. @keltmarketplace: You should create a template installation and sell it.
  10. @PinchOfLuck: For the price of this, I can get 27 years !!!! worth of subscription to Claude MAX.
Please bee objective man. Nvidia is just trolling us.
  11. @tonyburzio4107: Reading all the reviews of the new 4x Mac Studio clusters, it's amusing how much people are getting wrong.  In a talk I attended, Admiral Grace Hopper showed us the length of wire that is a nanosecond and the 984' that is a microsecond.  Then consider the systems that Apple is sending out to show off their new RDMA clusters and realized that people are silly.  Apple is not going to create four stacked Studio computers connected by wires that are 12 nanoseconds long.  Nope, they are going to stack the CPUs four high on one motherboard.  Someone at Apple has to have seen Grace's lecture, Tim is that old.
  12. @Whateverrandomname: Came back to this video to request another run using tahoe 26.2 update! Wanna see the difference
  13. @GautamKumar-h5n3y: Why is my wallet laughing at me?
  14. @DruideRC: you have to see the new Reuters of Mac OS 26.2 about cluster mac's for a super ai setup
  15. @dna9838: That’s quite the playground you have there
  16. @Skjoldborg8: Being in the green means that Alex is now officially the big boy! 😂🙌 Great fun with this video, and weirdly satisfying to see the activity monitor calling out a +400gb ram usage! 🥴🤠 Thanks for great content as always!
  17. @sharetherisk7647: Interviewer: "Hey Alex, how are you going to spend your Moneyball winnings?" 
Alex: "I am going to  test every HPC jconfiguration known to mankind...and gulp lots of coffee!"
  18. @cozarnavarro: Why not use a Thunderbolt 5 bridge between Macs instead of an SSD?
  19. @Slamoth: Somewhere in time there will a RAIAI (redundant array of inexpensive Artifical Intelligence) !
  20. @FAHHHH-lab: Elon

- I built a private AI mini-cluster with Framework Desktop: Kind: captions Language: en-US When Framework asked if I wanted to test their new Desktop, I said "No." I told them I want to test this, their Framework Desktop mini-rack: a four-node, souped-up AI cluster. They casually dropped this thing in their presentation back in March, and while everyone else was salivating over a cute little gaming PC, I was like, "Huh, he put them in a mini-rack and clustered them together. "And he didn't invite me!" So imagine my surprise when Nirav Patel, Framework's founder and CEO, was at Open Sauce a couple weeks ago. I couldn't pass up the opportunity to ask him about it. In your presentation on the desktop, you showed off a cluster of them, and I was like, uh-oh, I see a mini-rack, I see a cluster, I see a mini-ITX. So what inspired that, setting that demo up, and what have you guys been doing with that? Sure, yeah. So like, originally the whole concept behind the Framework Desktop was using this massive new AMD processor that has a bunch of attached memory capability for gaming, compute, but also AI use cases. So we thought like, well, what if we networked together a bunch of them? And then just as we were doing that, we saw your posts about the 10-inch racks and we realized like, oh, that's like the perfect way to do this. Because we had actually designed the Mainboards as mini-ITX form factor, which obviously fits perfectly into that rack. I got right to the point. I asked him what they've been doing for AI clustering. "We've been working with the team at Exo, and also some of the community on Llama.cpp, where there's an RPC mode. It is obviously very, very early days in terms of open source AI clustering, but still, a lot of cool stuff you can do even now." Yeah, so we'll get to it in this video. He wasn't wrong. This stuff is early days. AI clustering is way harder than just running models that fit on one computer. But Nirav agreed to ship four Desktop Mainboards, and I told him my ultimate plan. - Maybe I'll benchmark my 10 node Pi cluster versus your four node cluster, which will probably trounce it, but it'll still be fun. - I certainly hope so. - Well, I have it now. And thanks to DeskPi, it's all in black. A black AI stack in a mini rack. Okay, now I'm just getting silly. But let's get into it, starting with the centerpiece, Framework's Mini-ITX motherboard. Now, like I said, this isn't a Framework Desktop review. This is a review of the motherboard [Mainboard] cluster, running on an AMD Ryzen AI Max+ 395–which is a mouthful! But if you just order these components separate, they arrive in these plain cardboard boxes, which I like. Nothing fancy, just a motherboard, CPU fan, and power supply. That power supply comes with this funny snorkel that pulls in fresh air when it's installed in the desktop. But in my case, it just added 1 degree Celsius of heat when I was running it in the open air cluster, so I removed it. But the nice thing is, it's a standard Flex ATX power supply. You don't have to use theirs if you don't want. The CPU heatsink is pre-installed on the motherboard, and they're using a phase-change thermal interface pad for better cooling performance. They sent along a Noctua CPU fan kit, and it sits right on top. They include a little vent guide for the desktop, but if you're running it bare like I am, skip that. The IO shield in the back is a little unconventional, with built-in vents and a dust filter, but more ventilation is usually a good thing with tiny ITX builds. One thing I don't see on the back are any holes for mounting wireless antennas. So, despite there being a WiFi slot on the bottom of the motherboard, you'll have to find your own way to mount an antenna if you want wireless. Rounding out the motherboard, there are two M.2 slots, one on top and one on bottom, two USB3 headers [USB 3.2 Gen 2], and a full PCIe Gen 4x4 slot. It'd be nice to have an open-ended slot here, but seeing the slot only provides 25 watts of power, you're probably a bit limited in what you can do with it. Probably just things like extra wireless cards or NVMe storage. I do like that they kept the slot in, though. The motherboard also includes ARGB, front panel, and audio headers, two system fan headers, and a power and CMOS reset button. In other words, it's a decent standalone Mini-ITX motherboard. Except, well, I guess you could technically call this a Single Board Computer, because the APU and RAM are both soldered down like on a Raspberry Pi, except just bigger. Supposedly they have to solder down the RAM instead of using something like CAMM to keep the memory timings in check for the best performance for things like AI workloads on GPU. And to test that out, I ran my usual gauntlet of SBC tests against one system. We'll get to the full cluster soon. I did all my testing in Fedora Linux, because that's what Framework recommends. Other distros should run too, and of course you can install Windows, but why would you? And before I get into results, I should let you know I publish everything I do on GitHub, in one form or another. So, if you're like, "Why didn't you run such and such benchmark?" or "That result can't be right?" check out the links in the description. I only cover the highlights in my videos. The meat of it is all on my blog and on GitHub. Starting off with the basics, the system runs at about 10 watts at idle, and flat out it'll use about 150. That's good because you could run a whole cluster of four of these off a modest UPS using about 600 watts. With all that power, how's noise? Well, at least with the Noctua fans they sent, not bad at all. Even with a whole cluster of four of these things running benchmarks, it was a pleasant 46 dBA just a foot or so away. This is a setup you could comfortably run at your desk. And what's better, the fans go off when it's idle. The heatsink can get rid of the heat on its own without the fan having to spin up at all. The built-in NIC is good for 5 gigabits, and I had no problems there. But I was a little surprised by how Thunderbolt worked. If you're building clusters, you need high-speed interconnects, and 5 gigs just won't do. I should get at least like 20 gigabits between nodes if I use a good Thunderbolt or USB 4 cable, but in my testing, I was only able to get 10 gigabits. It's probably something I can tweak in Linux, though. I'm still looking into why I can't get more. In terms of comparisons to computers I'm familiar with, the AI Max chip in here is close to Apple's M4 in terms of single-core performance in Geekbench, and between an M4 and M4 Max for multi-core. But Geekbench isn't a great benchmark for high-end systems, so I switched gears to two of my favorite tests: compiling the Linux kernel and High Performance LINPACK. If you're compiling Linux (and wearing my shirt, at redshirtjeff.com), this thing's pretty good, getting the job done in less than a minute. That's even faster than the fastest ARM desktop I've ever tested: System76's Thelio Astra. High Performance LINPACK is a double precision floating point [FP64] benchmark that's been used for decades to measure the fastest supercomputers in the world. Well, that is, until AI took over everything and nobody cares about science and precision anymore. But running that on here, I can get 308 gigaflops per node. Now, I might be able to get even more, but this is just a baseline test, and I use it to compare to some other systems, like my main editing workstation, an M4 Max. But this video is not really about a single system. Or even standard benchmarks. I can guarantee there are other videos you can watch for boring stuff like that. I want to get into AI, or specifically Large Language Models [LLMs]. I want to make it so I can run something that rivals ChatGPT, but on my desk here, without OpenAI sharing everything I ever do. And before we get to clustering AI, I have to make sure everything's good on a single system, because, honestly, can I go on a little rant? I mean, I'm making this video, so I guess, yes. First of all, AMD's support for their AI stuff is... okay. But not great. And that means I spent more time in my testing debugging driver and library issues than actually testing. And some things I still haven't gotten working, like the built-in NPU. That's supposed to make AI go even faster. But since I can't test parts of the chip, I can't know that for a fact. So, like with all things tech, you're buying the features that work today. Don't ever buy something based on future promises or spec sheets. Anyway, getting on with things, I tested on a single system with Ollama. I was trying to get it to recognize the iGPU, and that was no dice. I tried a special Docker image, tried it with AMD's ROCm libraries, and eventually gave up and stuck with the CPU. And the CPU's no slouch. I was still getting 45 tokens per second, which, coming from the CPU, is around the performance I got using a slightly older, dedicated GPU, the RX 6700 XT. But Ollama's pretty limiting. Almost all open source tools use llama.cpp under the hood, so I used that for the rest of my testing. Getting that to work with AMD's graphics acceleration libraries was actually pretty easy, and I found it was actually faster to skip AMD's libraries and use Vulkan instead. Anyway, I could get about 88 tokens per second using the iGPU with llama.cpp, versus 45 on the CPU with Ollama, both for the same model. And what's better? While it's not nearing the efficiency of Apple's chips, it's a lot better than past AMD offerings. It's more than twice as efficient to run AI models on the Strix Halo GPU than it is to run on the CPU. But again, you didn't come here to see AI stuff running on a single node. That's boring. Other reviewers can give you some numbers for the desktop. I especially recommend Wendell's on Level1Techs. And I've already put all my benchmarks up on GitHub. Again, link in the description. But here's the thing: most AI models are small and boring. I want to run the big ones, like 400 billion parameter models, the ones that can do more useful work. I mean, if one Framework Desktop is good, four should be better. So to start my testing, I got all my four kits put together on these 3D printed ITX trays I found on printables. Shoutout to Damian Payne. I initially networked them together using this 2.5 gig switch, but later on, I found this NICGIGA switch that does 5Gbps, and unfortunately, it's a little too wide for the mini-rack, so that's why I have it sitting on its side. But here's where things get tricky. When you're dealing with one computer, doing everything with a monitor, keyboard, and mouse is fine. When you're dealing with a cluster, all that stuff goes out the window. Headless and remote access are the name of the game, but I didn't have time to automate everything, so I popped this JetKVM on each machine and remote-installed Linux. But once I got to SSH, it was time for some automation. First, just to make sure they could all work together, I ran the same High Performance LINPACK benchmark, but this time using a tool called MPI to coordinate all four computers together. And if you're playing around with some different memory layouts, I could get over a teraflop of FP64 performance on this cluster. I could probably get more, too, but that was already good enough to put this little cluster on the top 500 supercomputer list. Well, at least in 2005. That year, it would've beat a Cray supercomputer with 1,900 CPUs. But more importantly, I wanted to see just in raw CPU power how this thing stacks up to some other systems I've tested. It's not breaking any records, but it's almost twice as fast as a $6,000 M4 Max Mac Studio when you put all four of these nodes together. That's decent for around $8,000 for this entire setup. But again, just looking at CPU, and for this one specific benchmark, you're going to get more performance per dollar just buying a faster workstation and scaling it up. A lot of people think clustering is just putting multiple computers together and getting a big performance multiplier. But it's not like that at all. There's networking overhead, and then there's even things that get slower when you split them up across multiple computers. And I was gonna compare this thing to my 10-node Pi cluster, but that project's gonna have to wait for another day. Subscribe if you want to see whether my Pi cluster can win at anything compared to this Framework cluster. But before we get into how AI runs on this thing, I thought I'd talk a little bit more about the mini rack itself. I've been working with DeskPi behind the scenes to try to get all this stuff ready for today, and I just put it all together for the first time a couple days ago. These 2U mini rack trays are the perfect size for a mini-ITX motherboard, with an opening for the IO shield on the back. Then there's also an included power button you screw into a hole right above it. On the side of the motherboard, there's a mounting point for a Flex ATX power supply, and right now at least, it fits the Framework Power Supply perfectly, but I'm not sure it works with all power supplies. The whole thing comes together nicely, and it only took me about 20 minutes to install all four nodes. Now, putting everything together in a cluster is where the magic happens, and I'll show you that bit now. So now we have a little bit of a live portion, and this is called a mini rack. Cool thing is, this is like a full-size rack that you'd find in data centers, but half the width. So you can fit it in places like apartments, or even in my rack you can fit a mini rack inside of my rack! The cool thing is they have just designed and sent over these prototypes. I don't know if this is going to be the final production version but basically it's a Mini ITX 2U tray for a half rack that includes a power supply mount over here and a power switch. So there might be a couple differences to the final version that you'd see but they they spent a lot of time working on making this work great for the Framework Motherboard and I think that it might work for some other ones too. It has a cutout in the bottom for airflow, which is especially important because the fan is taking in air from here so you want to get as much air in as possible around this thing. But now they have a coating that is black that looks pretty good in person. I don't know how much that shows up on camera; it's sometimes hard to show things that are very dark depending on the lighting that I have. But yeah, so we're going to put this in the rack. I'm going to put nodes one two three and four I think it'll all fit in here. Oh, I should also mention that I bought... this is the only 5 gigabit copper ethernet switch that I could find with all 5 gig ports. These do 5 gig, 2.5, 1 gig, 10, 100 megabit. It does everything except for 10 gigabit, basically. And the problem is that this does not fit inside of a mini rack. It's pretty close. And in fact, the PCB inside, the actual PCB would fit in here but the width of the box is too wide for this opening so you know i'll just have to have this sitting next to it. I guess something like that which isn't the end of the world; we're gonna have power cables hanging out of here anyway so yeah. Let's uh let's get this all together. Oh! Now it's a bit heavier. Ha! And you might have noticed on that initial build, Node 4 didn't have a power supply. That's because it stopped working after one boot. I don't know if it was just a dud power supply or what, but Framework quickly shipped a replacement, that's what's in there now. Getting back to software, people have been running HPC workloads for decades now. AI tools are the new kid on the block, and unfortunately, it can be hard to get things to work the way they're supposed to, especially if you're using new AMD APUs like the Strix Halo in here instead of like NVIDIA GPUs. I can use tools like Exo or distributed-llama, but because these APUs are so new, the easiest way I could find to cluster everything was with a feature called RPC built into Llama.cpp. I'm not going to into all the details here. I actually have a whole project up on GitHub that I'm working on for AI cluster benchmarking. You basically run this Ansible playbook, and it'll compile llama.cpp in RPC mode, distributed-llama, and even Exo, allowing you to run models on any group of computers with any kind of topology. But there are some issues when you run AI in a cluster like this. GPUs really want fast IO and tons of RAM. They have to read back and forth from memory as fast as possible. With multiple computers, you have to deal with a networking layer. That's gonna slow things down no matter what. What does that mean? Well, for small models that fit in the RAM on a single node here, like this 70 billion parameter Llama model, I got 37 tokens per second. When I put that on the cluster and distributed the model over 4 nodes, I got 15? Yeah, AI clustering isn't really about speed, at least if you don't have million-dollar budgets. For hobbyists like us, if you want the best speed, you should scale vertically. That means get as much VRAM on a fast GPU as you can. Or, failing that, just max out the RAM and run it on a CPU. The only reason you'd want to cluster these things for AI is if your model's too big for a single machine. 128GB of RAM is a lot, but the biggest models use hundreds of gigs. Like DeepSeek R1, the download size alone is 400GB. How does that run on the cluster? Well, after working with all three of the different AI clustering tools, I actually couldn't get it to run. I think I was hitting some bugs with such a giant model size, and I'm still trying to figure out why. I switched tracks, though, and tried another huge model: LLAMA's 405 billion parameter model, which weighs in at 240 gigs. And, surprise surprise, I had trouble with that, too. I did get it to load using RPC, which—I'll get to that—but I got it to run at like 0.7 tokens per second, which is glacial. And let me just pause here to explain: people on Reddit and Hacker News are always like, "Oh yeah, I could just buy some mini PCs and throw them together in an AI cluster. That'll work awesome!" But it's just not that easy. Besides the network being a billion times slower than memory, the tools out there for clustering just can't cope. [Admiral Grace Hopper] "Here's a microsecond. 984 feet. I sometimes think we ought to hang one over every programmer's desk (or around the neck!) so they know what they're throwing away when they throw away microseconds." Take Llama's RPC feature, which, I admit, is marked as 'experimental'. Not only do you still need to process the whole model on the main server, which doesn't have enough memory to do it, so it has to do it in chunks, it also does text processing in chunks, so it kind of splits things off from one server to another, then to another one, and so on, round-robin style. That means that instead of putting all these systems together and having things run like three to four times faster like I had with HPL, you basically end up with the same speed than if you just ran the thing on one of them. So like I said earlier, it's better to just scale up one machine for the AI workload you want than to build a cluster. For most people. But I'm not most people. I'm the guy who built a petabyte storage server with a Raspberry Pi. So I can be truthful when I say, "If you value your time, don't be like me." Anyway, holy cow, we went way off the rails here. Getting back to the topic of value, this cluster will run you around $8,000. How does it stack up against some other options for giant LLMs? The AmpereOne server I tested last year gave me about 4 tokens per second, just on the CPU, and it cost maybe around 12 grand. An M3 Ultra Mac Studio with 512 gigs of RAM is going to set you back just under 10 grand, but it's way faster at 16 tokens per second. And if you want to just waste some money, buy a cluster of 8 Mac Mini [M4] Pros. Maybe at some point, open source AI clustering tools will get as good as other HPC tools, but right now, if you do want good cluster performance, you need to get specialized hardware and spend a lot of time optimizing things. As an aside, I was excited to try out Exo for this video, and I actually set up a full automation so I could run Exo on different clusters and compare them against each other. Except Exo stopped development like 5 months ago, and even simple fixes are being ignored. One thing I've been seeing a lot around AI startups is they do classic VC rug-pulls. They hype up some open source tool that admittedly is really nice. But then once it reaches critical mass and there's a community built up around it, the founders go silent. Eventually project maintenance dies off or it gets re-licensed and the tool that you just spent time adopting becomes useless. And it feels like that could be happening with Exo... I don't know. distributed-llama has been a lot easier to work with, but it's more limited because it can't run most of the models I want to test. But I do have to give a shout out to to b4rtaz, who's been extremely helpful and responsive. So all that to say, I think I agree with Nirav: AI clustering is interesting, but it's far from mainstream. The Framework Desktop makes for a great little mini ITX system, and you can even cluster it together in a mini rack. But don't expect it to start training your own models to solve world hunger—at least not today. Check out the description for links to everything I mentioned, including my new 'Beowulf AI Cluster' project. Until next time, I'm Jeff Geerling.

  Top Comments:
  1. @CrimZenEdits [1 likes]: AI should evolve into something like an anti-gravity app an all-in-one system that can build whatever you imagine, from coding a full authentication and licensing platform to launching complete products. The idea is a mutually beneficial loop: users create and profit from what the AI helps them build, and in turn, that success feeds back into improving the AI itself. Everything stays balanced like a you scratch my back, I scratch yours model. Once AI reaches that level, it will unlock a wave of applications and websites that genuinely enhance productivity and streamline workflows.
  2. @johncarr123: When will MB manufactures build mother boards with these CPU's for unified memory?
  3. @zesky6654: I know this is a very old video by this point. That being said, never use ollama if you want performance, it's notorious for being slow. llama.cpp is pretty much the gold standard.
  4. @chrisperrywv: 3:36 no sata slots for building a nas?
  5. @marcelo8690: try use RDMA over thunderbolt
  6. @TheKillerJin: hey, I understand the networking problem, but did you consider using mellanox cables or enterprise level networking solutions?
  7. @alexandre7950: If I understood it correctly... it is more worth to spend this money on a single powerful computer...  is that correct?
  8. @AnishShrestha-u3o: I am drooling
  9. @KudaFerrari: hi Jeff are you using this monitor 27UD68P-B?
  10. @jobliar937: why is it that you are using the 2.5 GbE ethernet port to link them instead of usb4?
  11. @AudioNovels_BR: NICGIGA, NICGIGA, NICGIGA, NICGIGA, NICGIGA, NICGIGA, NICGIGA, I'm one-hundred-percent NICGIGA!
  12. @pleappleappleap: I'm about to build a cluster with three nodes.  Each will have an nVidia RTX A4000 in a used OEM workstation, for half this money.  We'll see how it goes.
  13. @pleappleappleap: Pet-peeve:  the singular is teraFLOPS.  The S isn't there to make it plural.
  14. @pleappleappleap: Not cost-effective, unfortunately.
  15. @DAVIDGREGORYKERR: Maybe the drivers you want is AMD Adrenalin Edition for graphics and AMD Ryzen Chipset Drivers
  16. @TangramProtocol: Da Best, Bravo 🎉
  17. @Khethatipet: 3:16 opportunity for a jump cut with a maniacal red shirt jeff pulling the trigger on a cordless drill
  18. @Peak_sz: run cm1 on the cluster
  19. @Doubloongoontv: AMD & driver in the same sentence honestly triggers a bit of ptsd for me at this point lmao
  20. @Ben333bacc: 25 watts is quite a bit actually! Open ended would have been nice. 10/25/40 GB ethernet, SAS HBAs... Good for more than just GPUs!!

- Everyone is Scalping Mac Minis for OpenClaw… Here’s the Workaround: Kind: captions Language: en As of today, you cannot buy a base Mac Mini from Apple. Here's 95 Mac. The base Mac model is sold out. I've been building local AIs on this channel on Mac Minis and other machines as well for a while. So, when the sponsor of this video, Abacus, pitched me a cloud service whose whole premise is you don't need to buy a Mac Mini, I had to laugh. Good timing, right? Let's talk about whether that pitch actually holds up. But first, I got to check this. Here's a Mac Mini on the Apple Store. M4 chip. Wow. currently unavailable. Are you serious? Okay, so what are people actually doing? Well, I'm in Washington DC and this guy near me is actually selling a Mac Mini, a base model with OpenClaw pre-installed for, yeah, 1,500 bucks. And this one is charging almost 900 bucks just to come to your house and install Open Claw on hardware you already own. So that's where the market is this week. Turns out there's another option. Okay, so how does this work? Abocus paid for this video. They did not pay for the take. And there's obviously pluses and minuses to running OpenC claw hosted or locally. Abacus claw is open claw hosted for you. That's the whole pitch. But it's more intricate than that. Instead of setting up a machine, installing a framework, wiring up API keys, exposing it to the internet safely, and keeping it patched, they run it for you. You just log in, run your own AI system with memory, personality, and real world task automation. Start Abacus claw. Now, you have to have an account and sign in, of course, first. Here you're going to describe to your agent what you want in plain English and it's live. The thing that they're charging for is not the software. OpenClaw is open source. It's free. You can run it yourself today. The catch is you have to have the hardware to run it and you have to set it up and all the things I mentioned earlier. What you're paying for with Abacus is the part where you don't have to do any of that. And it's not going to cost you almost 900 bucks like you'd pay to this guy. Actually, it's going to cost you a lot less. And look, on this channel, the answer is usually run it yourself, right? That's what we're doing here. But the number of people that actually follow through on self-hosted AI is pretty small. If you ever started a HomeLab project and watched it collect dust, you know what I'm talking about. So, does this actually work and is it worth what they're charging? Let's find out. Welcome to Abacus Claw. Here you can set up WhatsApp, Telegram, Slack, or Discord. You can always manage that later if you want to. If you're ever on this screen, you can just do that up here. Configure WhatsApp, configure Telegram, other connectors, and you can get to it through here, too. If you want to start a brand new session, new session button. It's not that complicated. Okay, but it's already going. I didn't need to do anything. I just clicked a couple buttons and it's off. Hi, I'm Alex. Get me today's Mac Mini availability. Got to keep it busy. Oh, real quick to anyone new to the channel or new to the whole space. What is OpenClaw? So, OpenClaw is an open source AI agent. It is self-hosted. It runs on your own hardware. You plug it into a model, whether it's a local model, clawed, GPT, whatever you're using, and it acts as the connective tissue between that model and the rest of your digital life, whether it's email, your files, your browser, and your messaging apps. The difference between this and a chatbot is a chatbot just talks back and forth. An agent actually does that. Plus, it does things for you. You can tell it, "Go check my inbox," and it summarizes everything important. Or, "Ping me on Telegram," and it goes and does that. and it can work all night for you at 3:00 a.m. while you're asleep without you babysitting it. That's basically the pitch for Open Claw. You run it on your own and it's yours. So, Abacus Claw is basically the same software without the rerunning it part. I gave it a pretty difficult problem actually because if you go to the Apple website, they don't make it easy. It's not like each link has a separate page, separate URL. It's a very JavaScript heavy type of website. But let's see. This is cool because I did not expect it to actually get this done because wow. But it did it. Bad news, Alex. The Mac Mini is completely sold out everywhere as of today. We already knew this, but I'm impressed that the agent got it done. I have a lot more faith in it now than I did before. Even I'm going to start a new session. Act as my content repurposing assistant. When I drop a blog post draft or a link into Telegram, Agentbot automatically turn it into a Twitter post. Punchy conversational rewrite as a LinkedIn post. professional tone and save both versions to a notion database called content pipeline. Boom. I don't have any connections set up yet. Let's see how far I can get. So, it's telling me that we need a Telegram bot. So, we need a bot token and we need to configure notion integrations. Once we do that, it'll build the skill. So, here on my phone, I've got Telegram. I searched for Botfather 10 million monthly users. Wow. Get some instructions. Start. And then we go to new bot. Or I can just tap on that. Choose a name for your bot. A clawbot. Boom. Now choose a username for your bot. How about a clawbot? Boom. Sorry, this username is taken already. Ah, aclawbot bot. There we go. It gave me a token. Keep this token secure and store it safely. Um, here's my Telegram token. Wow. Telegram channel added already. Now needs a pairing code. Now, I know that this is still a bit of a setup, but it's guiding me all the way through it. So, it's pretty easy. For Notion, I need three things. Notion API key. So, I went to my notion internal connections, create a new connection, and I also get a token. Everything is called a token these days. You notice that? Here you go. Database ID from your content pipeline database. Let's try that ID right there. Ah, well, that's handy. It tells me exactly how to connect Notion content database to my integration. Now, so I go to my content pipeline connections and there's my claw right there. Add to page. Done. Boom. Now, while it's doing stuff, you can always go to the dashboard here, and it opens up a new page on the right here, you have a little bit more insight into what's happening. So, for example, right now it's using Miniax M2.7. But if you want to tweak a few things, and this is what's cool about Abacus AI also is you can use any one of these models here that are available. These are top-of-the-line open- source models like Kimmy K2 and not even open source like Frontier models too like Claude Opus 4.6 Gemini set the uh reasoning effort here. So you can definitely tweak and configure things as well. This is like the simple view and then you have the background view if you want to dig into it. You can dig into it even more by pressing this button and then you get to view the computer screen, the actual virtual machine that's running all this. cuz between you and me, it's it's a virtual machine running in the background. There it is. It's a Linux box. Sh. Don't tell anybody that I got in there. I'm I feel like I'm hacking this thing or something. So, it's Ubuntu. We have soul.md. So, let's go with cats soul.md. And this is basically the chatbot right here. This is like the soul of your clawbot. I'm not going to go into details about the architecture of how open claw works, but you can read up on it. And this is it. This is that file. Basically, the entire setup. Agents.mmd is here. Memory skills. You can update that if you want to. You can add additional things into it. So, you have a lot more control if you want. One could say it's kind of like having one of these around, but you don't have to manage it. Good news. Telegram is already running and notion database is fully connected. And look at this. It created this whole template for me without me having to manually configure all this. Ooh, I got to try this with Google Docs and Google Sheets because that's notoriously difficult to work with through the API, but I bet our friend here can do it. That's for another time. Let me know if you want to see that video. It's ready to go. How to use it. Drop a blog post into your Telegram bot either by pasting the text directly or sending a link to the article. Really? Okay, here we go. Paste. Go. I basically pasted that 9 to5 Mac article about the Mac minis being sold out cuz that was on my clipboard. My bot is answering me. Yeah, supplying chain issues continue to hammer Apple. Really? The base M4 is completely gone from Apple store. Not just backorded, but currently unavailable. Period. And back in Notion, here we are. There's a test entry that it created while I was setting things up. Date LinkedIn post. Let's see how professional this sounds. Applebase Mini is completely out of stock. Blah blah blah. Yes, it's got some hashtags at the bottom there. source URL is there. And there's my Twitter. An entire thread. I would never post this, by the way. Don't do this. This is just I hate it when people do this kind of slop. So, I'm not going to do that myself, but it's a good uh proof of concept here. Okay. So, for most people, and I mean most people, not most people watching this channel, Abacus Claw is a good thing. It's a good solution. Hosted Open Claw. The reason self-hosted agents mostly don't happen is that people don't want them. It's the gap between I'd like an agent that checks my email and I have a running secure monitored 24/7 agent that checks my email. Now the security argument alone is worth sitting with. I haven't tried I'm kind of a late comer to this I think considering my line of work and I have not set up open claw locally yet because I'm concerned about security. an agent with access to your inbox, all your tools running on your local network, exposing everything to the internet on a box that's under your desk, then that's a bigger target than most people are prepared to defend. And I'm not being dramatic about that. That's just true. It's kind of early days and bad actors are going to take advantage of that. But if you're watching this channel, you're probably not most people. You're probably the person who'd rather run the Mac Mini cluster than rent the cloud. You want your data on your hardware. You want to pick your own model. You don't want a subscription because knowing is part of the point for you. Local still wins. It's more work, sure, and it fails in annoying and spectacular ways. Sure, you'll spend a Saturday afternoon you don't plan to spend trying to tweak and fix things, but hey, at least you'll own it, and nothing about it gets worse because a company you don't control changes its servers. What I'd actually recommend if you've never gotten a self-hosted agent working end to end, Abacus Claw is a cheap way to find out whether agents are useful to you at all before you sink a weekend into setting up Open Claw locally and trying to hunt down one of these on Craigslist. A few bucks a month for finding out is a much better deal than 40 hours of finding out. And if you decide agents are useful, then go and build a local version and then you end up building it knowing what you actually want to do with it. So that's the honest answer. Link is in the description. Go check out Abacus Claw and thanks to them for continuing to be a sponsor on the channel and I'll see you in the next video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @liamknuj3011 [1 likes]: I paid for a one year upgrade to open claw. And it didn’t recognize it. It kept urging me to upgrade and you can see the last four digits of my credit card, but it did not show me as having paid.  

Let me tell you what happened next. I tried to straighten it out with anthropic and their AI bot sent me to another page and bot which sent me back to the first page in an endless loop. It took me forever to get a human being.  It also drove me crazy. A horror story experience I won’t risk repeating. 

AI is a horror story if you have to deal with it yourself. If open claw can’t process a simple verification validation claim, it doesn’t deserve a penny of your money. 

I had to dispute this with my credit card company to fix it.  

I also filed a Better Business Bureau complaint. Do you think somebody’s selling AI deserves your money if they can’t even respond properly to a sincere earnest and justified request to fix a problem as simple as that.
  2. @stevenpike7857 [1 likes]: I have a base mac mini pro M4.  Had it for about a year.  I love it!
  3. @OlegShulyakov [1 likes]: As I understand, they by Mac’s to use it with iMessage integration only. Without that functionality Mac is not needed
  4. @MoneyGuil: Quick question @Alex Ziskind, is OpenClaw still the best software to use for personal home agents? I've heard of a ton of new agentic systems coming out since openclaw like OK Computer, nanobot, ZeroClaw and a couple others.
  5. @jonnyares1: I just noticed at the end that this MF just casually has a 2 stacks of $20k hardware sitting in the background
  6. @MeinDeutschkurs: What about a rhaspberry pi? No one does use local AI for it, at least not on Mac mini.
  7. @Stewz66: Oracle Virtual Box is freeware, isnt it?  I know newbs aren't going that route, but spinning up a linux vm is crazy simple.
  8. @chebrubin: But does abacus say they support Apple Mail and Messages? Useless if they dont.
  9. @chebrubin: Worthless at any price
  10. @chebrubin: Yawn how do we know they are not using a hackintosh on proxmox??

Apple Messages is all people want.
  11. @countofserenno7605: Well, if you really want a deal on inference forget these cloud clones.  Every channel has one.  They buy the bulk api keys which you can do yourself.  For low volume requests for a media workflow, maybe.  Which is what this channel does seemingly.  But HuggingFace has this for free.  Ollama as well.  Nvidia is offering apis like GPT-OS-120b entirely for free as well.  The real story is prompt routing to the models dynamically
  12. @sysadmin-info: Up to 64 GB of unified memory in a Mac mini Pro. Need more RAM? Buy a Mac Studio.

Seriously?

I’m running a Minisforum AtomMan X7 Ti with 96 GB of RAM and an RTX 3060 with 12 GB of VRAM in a Minisforum DEG1 eGPU dock, connected over OCuLink.

In my opinion, that beats the Mac mini in one very practical way: I can always swap in a stronger GPU later. That kind of upgrade path matters, especially for local AI, GPU workloads, and homelab experiments.

The downside? It is nowhere near as energy-efficient as a Mac mini Pro. That is still Apple’s strongest card.

I hope Minisforum, Beelink, GMKtec, and others eventually catch up on power efficiency. When they do, Apple can pack its overpriced little boxes and go build AI data centers somewhere else.
  13. @JackR3ach3r: just ordered a Beelink with open claw pre installed 😂
  14. @lv426-mbp: So where is macmini scalping?
  15. @ConsciousSingularity: Sir, You do such a great job.  I like your style.   I think the sponsor hit the mark.  Millions of people will eventually be used to using AI tools and products and naturally want to customize their lives, but don't have time or interest to build systems.   

For beginner developers... low budget...  

But, as many say, it is best to have the blackbox privacy, sovereign local build for total control.   It is worth the extra effort to learn.  

I suspect, future AI systems might be like the old school consoles.  One Cart has the video editor AI.  Another, the music producer AI.  Etc.  Plug-n-play style.  

Have a multi-port Cart dock linked to your local super computer pod... 

Again, great job!
  16. @ninkenny: Scalpers know something we don't. No more PCs to buy for the next few years?
  17. @sargentphil: Still avaliable in the UK. Should I buy a few and bring them back to the US? 😂
  18. @BrentLeVasseur: That’s because the release of the M5 Mac Mini is right around the corner.😂
  19. @soylent-greene: Hey Alex, I had similar concerns about OpenClaw security, so I ended up building a local-first AI setup in Rust/Tauri that integrates with Apple tools like Reminders and Notes. Curious what you think about going fully local vs cloud/Telegram approaches.
  20. @icakinser: I have a M1 Mac Studio Ultra. I am good lol

- Why Everyone Is Buying M4 Mac Minis for AI: Kind: captions Language: en Over the past few weeks, people have been buying the M4 Mac Mini in bulk. And it's not to edit in Final Cut or Da Vinci Resolve, but it's actually to run their own AI assistants at home. Because right now, the buzz on the M4 Mac Mini is that they're selling out everywhere all over the internet. So, what is actually going on? And why are people buying the M4 Mac Mini just to run AI on? This isn't about ChatGpt or Cloud in a browser. This is about AI agents, open- source code like Maltbot or formerly known as Cloudbot. Unlike normal chatbots, these agents are designed to run continuously in the background, connect to your messaging apps like iMessage, Telegram, Slack, or WhatsApp, and remember long-term context. They actually do things for you. They manage your calendars, summarize emails, pull web info, automate workflows. Instead of opening an AI app, the AI lives on your machine and works for you. But why is everybody using the M4 Mag Mini? Well, it's perfect because of its form factor. It's tiny, quiet, and energy efficient. Perfect for 24/7 operation. You do need to leave your computer plugged in at all times if you want to access it from anywhere. Second is the Apple ecosystem, especially for iMessage integration. And third is the price. And if you don't currently have an extra machine and you're just trying to buy the cheapest, bare bones, most costefficient machine out there, the M4 Mac Mini in 2026 is still the most costefficient machine at $499. For the price of a gaming console or mid-range phone, you get a full desktop computer capable of hosting your own AI assistant. The price point changes everything. Now, are M4 Mac Minis selling out? That's not really the case. There is no global shortage, but in specific areas, they were running low on stock. But even here in South Florida, you can order an M4 Mac Mini and get one overnight. However, here's why people are excited. These agents are persistent, proactive, and personal. They monitor things, send updates, automate tasks. It feels like AI is working for you instead of you working with AI. However, there are some risks to doing this. These system require terminal commands, API keys and deep permissions. So misconfiguration can actually create security risks. And this is early adopter tech, not consumer plug-and-play stuff. Now the biggest thing here is do you even need an M4 Mac Mini? And as I said earlier, people are buying the M4 Mac Mini because you need to run this on a computer pretty much 24/7. So you may not want to use your current computer that you're using all the time or even your current desktop. This is going to be an extra computer. And for the price of the M4 Mac Mini, if you don't have an extra computer, I completely understand why the M4 Mac Mini is the best for the money. However, for someone like me, I do plan on testing this out. But I'm not going to be using my M4 Mac Mini cuz I actually have it back here as my desktop computer here at home. I'm going to be using an older M1 MacBook Air that I actually the screen cracked, so I use it as a desktop. Now, the reason I wouldn't recommend you go out and buy an M1 MacBook Air is the price of an M1 MacBook Air is about the same as a brand new M4 Mac Mini. And you're getting better performance, you're getting much more RAM, it's just a much better buy to get the M4 Mac Mini if you're buying a machine. But if you already own something like an M1 MacBook Air, well, then maybe there's no need to go out and buy an M4 Mac Mini if you have one of these older M1 machines that you're not using anymore. You can also run these agents on PCs, Linux machines, or cloud servers. The M4 Mac Mini just hits that sweet spot of size, the ecosystem, and price. So, to wrap things up, although we have heard that the M4 Mac Minis are selling out, you still can easily get them. And if you're interested in running Claudebot or Moldbot in the future, I'm going to be doing some content here on the channel showing about how I transform my older M1 MacBook Air into an AI machine. So, if you're interested in that video or have any questions on the subject, let me know in the comments below. And if you got knowledge and value out of today's video, please make sure to hit that like, subscribe, and notification bell to keep up to date with the latest videos on the channel. And until next time, my name is Jeff Fagan. Thank you for joining me as always, and I will catch you in the next video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @PianomanT404 [2 likes]: I couldn't wait for m5 Mac mini I picked m4 Mac mini
  2. @DomWeaver [1 likes]: "Theres no shortage"  womp womp
  3. @davepurdy1407 [1 likes]: lol .. this aged well
  4. @jameswilliebacon3087 [1 likes]: As of today there is a shortage of Mac minis Costco's completely sold out all over the country and to order one from Apple will take a month
  5. @CommonSense8888 [1 likes]: So pissed. Just need one for work for 3d renderings at an architect firm. THEYRE ALL GONE😢
  6. @dblankenship6947 [1 likes]: I am interested in your attempts with your broken screen MacBook Air.
  7. @JakeeY: m4 mac mini only from 949€ in europe :(
  8. @TEAM_MACHINE: The fuck you can get one here in South Florida over night. I had to go with the $799  M4 512 instead of the M4 Pro because the pro is not shipping until mid July and the M4 I can get in early June. Still Over a month away though! Better then almost 3 though
  9. @JasonTaylor-po5xc: I didn't buy a Mac Mini specifically to run AI. But, since my Mac Mini is idle 95% of the time - the fact that it makes an excellent AI server was a huge bonus. What's important to know is the reason why these tiny machines are so awesome for AI is the unified memory architecture. My Mac Mini is a M4 Pro with 48 GB of RAM - I can safely run 40 GB models since that RAM is shared with the GPU cores.
  10. @icemanWander: so you're running local ai at base specs? wtf
  11. @AN-717: Mirofish works😂 That's the problem. Stocks are a joke now
  12. @politics4029: So far, I haven't really heard any concerns being a trust about the things being downloaded from third parties that could have potential security problems. Because these codes are being downloaded from third parties.Which nobody knows who they are. How would you address that?
  13. @atonicity9827: "Not sold out everywhere" 😅
  14. @honestnewsministry: Just run ai on your 2TB external Drive. Done! Oh make sure you have at the least 16 gb of ram anything less will not be smooth.
  15. @6519-e5x: The only problem with the M4 is that you can't put Linux on it.  I hate Mac OS with a passion.
  16. @travisneal4794: Need to do a review video. It’s hard to get a Mac mini with anything 24gb and above. Wait times are like 1-2 months as of now.
  17. @LunaRam-004: Didn’t realize power draw was this low. If an M4 can run agents 24/7, that’s basically how I treat AICarma monitoring anyway, just on a sturdier machine.
  18. @jaiswalsachinkumar01: never thought about buying a mac mini for this lol
  19. @BijayRawat-o7x: m4 mac mini sounds interesting, might get one soon
  20. @olgag4807: But don't you also need to buy an Apple monitor to be able to run it? And Apple monitors are expensive!

- I Ran a Trillion Parameter AI on a Mac... Here’s the Secret: Kind: captions Language: en Kim K 2.5 is out and it's the new big hot model. Can it run on this? Um, well, yeah, that's what we're going to do today. This model is 658 GB on disk. So, it needs to be sucked up into memory and be available for us to be able to query it or use it as a coding assistant. Well, unfortunately, one of these Macs only has 512 GB of memory. Unfortunately, I mean, fortunately, it's pretty good. I'm borrowing these from Apple. Okay, relax. This is almost $50,000 worth of max. Each one of these has 512 gigs of memory. And yeah, Kim K 2.5 can run on two of these, but we can do better. What do I mean by that? Well, here is uh an example of Kim K2 running on Alex Chima's desk using Exo. So, this person confirms that this will run on two max because total is 1,024 gigs, which is good enough. And here's Anie, one of the people that works on MLX, the optimized framework that runs on Apple Silicon, running Kim K2 on two M3 Ultras, which is what I have here. And he's getting 15 tokens per second using pipeline parallelism. Now, this is the 4bit precision. Let's see what I get. Boom. Check out the monitors right there. I'm getting two out of the four machines working right now and I'm getting 100% GPU usage. The model is not loaded yet. It's still loading and these two are just sitting there lazily. Don't worry, we're going to use them in a moment. Look at that memory filling up right there. We're up to 260 GB on each machine. 270. And this is not using Exo. This is using MLX. MLX has now distributed support for using RDMA, which is remote direct memory access through Thunderbolt. That means these machines can talk to each other by having all of them connected through Thunderbolt and skip the networking step. So GPU can talk to each other directly and use that massive amount of unified memory that's available to these Macs. All right, it's done. Now you can see the chart right there. That's for the usage history for the GPU. And we got 23 tokens per second. We almost caught Ivan who got 25 tokens per second. Oh, but he's running the 3bit version. We're running the 4-bit version. So a little different. Now, what if I run it on all the machines? What are the benefits of using this technology stack? It scales better. And I made a video about this not too long ago. That video was more about Exo because Exo makes this setup a little bit easier. However, with Exo, not all the models are available. That's why I want to show you this repository I created that'll show you the setup from scratch. How to connect your Macs, how to set up your environment, how to create a Jackal host file. Jackal. Don't worry, we'll get into that. Boom. Now, we're going to see activity on all the machines. Look at that. All the machines now have their GPU pegged at 100%. And now, this gigantic model is going to be loaded across all the machines. The first time I had to answer what happened on this PC. I knew some of the tools, but I didn't actually understand the artifacts. That's why I've been watching video courses on the 13cubed YouTube channel. This is 13 cubed, premium practitioner focused digital forensics training without the premium cost. They have a YouTube channel and the free content is opposite of marketing fluff. We're talking deep technical breakdowns and real forensic analysis that you can watch right now. The paid courses go way beyond free videos. Hands-on investigations with realistic evidence, triage collections, disc images, and memory captures across Windows, Linux, and Mac OS. And the certifications are practical for the same reason. You don't just answer multiple choice questions. You're given realistic evidence like disc memory captures. You analyze the artifacts, build a timeline, and answer investigative questions the way you would on a real case. Right now, I'm in the paid Mac OS course, and it's teaching me how to find artifacts, not just what the answer is. This one uses a day-by-day threat actor timeline, so I can validate my work. And there's a built-in comment section where I can ask instructors questions directly, plus a community forum for students. And the value prop is honestly wild compared to the $10,000 you pay for similar courses elsewhere. Your access is 365 days so you can renew later at a discount and your search is verifiable through a third-party service. So start with a free 13cubed YouTube channel. Then check out the courses and the searchs with the link below and use code Alex26 for $100 off any course or bundle. Get premium cyber security training without the premium cost. Link below. Now before Apple introduced RDMA technology into this stack, the more machines you add, the slower it's going to be. But not anymore. All right, we're almost up to 200 GB on each machine and it's done. And look at that. 29 tokens per second. We got some speed out of this. 29 is pretty usable. Why is this important? Well, yes, this is almost a $50,000 cluster, but you could get away with just using two of these and still get 23 tokens per second. And if you use a different model, not Kimmy, for example, another really good coding one, GLM 4.7, you can even run the 8bit version of that, which is less quantized, so giving you a little bit better quality theoretically. That's 375 GB. You can run that on one. In fact, I haven't tried that yet. Let's see what the speed of GLM 4.78bit is on one machine. There it is running on one machine only. It's got to load all that 375 GB into memory. Boom. We're getting 14 tokens per second. Not amazing. By the way, KimK 2.5, yeah, it's a 1 trillion parameter model, but it only has about 30 billion active parameters. And so does GLM 4.7. So even though GLM 4.7 doesn't have as many parameters, it's still pretty heavy. And this is the 8-bit version. That's why you're seeing it slower. What if we do all four machines now? Can we beat 14.2 tokens? And I'm going to invite you to take a guess in the comments right now. I think you might already know the answer to that. Look at it running on all the machines. Now, while it's doing that, here's another reason why Mac Studios are actually Apple Silicon in general is pretty decent for doing this kind of thing. We're using 283 watts of power, 290 now, for running all four of these systems at the same time at full blast GPU. And when it's not working, when it's just sitting pretty, we're at 92 watts of power. And that could be just because it's a little agitated right now. We've poked it. Poked the bear. 23.7 tokens per second here. What does that actually look like when you're using it? Does that actually work? So, here I am in VS Code and I have one of my machines, the endpoint exposed to the network. That's on port uh 8080 of this IP right here. Everybody's is going to be a little different, but let's query that models endpoint. And yeah, we have one model running. That's GLM 4.7. And by the way, this is a server that I've created so that it's easier for you to get started with this MLX distributed situation. I'm going to use a tool called Open Code. You're all probably familiar with it. And let's go to models. And there's my local llama server. I'm going to pick GLM. Let's just do a little query, shall we? And watch that screen so that you'll see how this works and how quickly it'll respond to me. What is your favorite programming language? Language. Whatever, it's fine. And now it's going out to the servers. You can see that they're all working on this little problem that I gave it. They're all thinking at 100%. Now, if you're using like Opus or Codeex, to be honest with you, it'll probably have an answer by now, but this one thinks a little bit longer. Also, my server is kind of simple. It doesn't have the model loaded all the time. It doesn't have the cache. So, all those things play a role here, but it's a very basic way to set things up. I'll show you that momentarily. and it is answering me my favorite programming language blah blah blah JavaScript and Python and TypeScript. So, it's very heavily leaning towards webdevs. But you saw how long that took to answer. Is that usable? That's up to you. Is Kimmy K2 going to be slower? It's going to be about the same, I'd say. Now, I launched that server with GLM 4.7. I also happen to have another model here, Quinn 34B, my favorite one to test with. And stop complaining to me that it's nobody uses it. Look at that. 3 million downloads. You know why? Because this is a good model. It's small and it's useful for things like speculative decoding. That's going to be another video though, not now. But you could actually use it if you wanted to. I'm just not sure it's going to give you the best answers that you're looking for. Certainly not better than Opus 4.5 will give you. So, I'm going to quit Open Code, restart it, select the new model, and say, "Well, what's your name?" Boom. There it goes. It spins up and it says, "I'm open code your assistant." I mean, that took almost zero time. We couldn't even catch it. This model is 8 gigabytes in size. So, it's tiny. It's embarrassing running it across a cluster like this. But, it is fast. And you know what's interesting? If I run it on one node, there it is. I get 166 tokens per second. So fast that I didn't even have time to look over there. If I run it on two nodes, boom, 170 tokens per second. Faster. And if I run it on four nodes, any guesses? Any guesses? four nodes, boom, 175 tokens per second, even faster. So, yeah, there's some benefit to having a cluster now that we have RDMA. All right, enough of this. You've seen the demo. Let me show you what we're doing. I created this repository, MLX Jackal Cluster. This is a set of tools to let you get up and going with this quicker than you would if you had to read all the MLX documentation like I did and Claude did. Claude helped me out here quite a bit. I'll admit it. I'll admit it. I use it for everything. No, the readme file has basically things uh that are just quick. If you already have something set up, if you have a cond environment, if you want everything from scratch, you go to the docs and from scratch right here. This will show you how to connect your cluster of Macs, whether you have Mac Studios, if you have Mac minis, how to wire them, you have to enable RDMA on the command line, and then once you do, IBV devices is what you run to verify it. Those are your IBV devices. Basically, it means RDMA is enabled. Now, you create a cond environment. This is the name of it right here. MLXJCCL, Jackal. It should have been Jackal with an A, but oh well. But anyway, it doesn't matter. That's going to be the name that you pick and you're going to stick with it. It could be anything. You install Python. You activate the environment. And if you don't know what I'm talking about, is a way to manage your Python environments so that you don't have different versions of packages installed all over the place. It's going to keep everything nice and neat together. I have a separate tutorial on environments and setups and I'll link to that down below. And also for members of the channel, I created a separate UV tutorial. UV is like a a separate tool for managing your Python environments. Then you install these packages. You verify that everything is installed. And you do this on every single machine in the cluster. And then you have to pick one machine rank zero coordinator IP. It's a fancy way of saying basically your first Mac Studio is going to be on the LAN on your local network and it's going to have a DHCP IP assigned to it. Basically, that's the IP that we use to run curl commands and also set up in your configuration for open code. For example, here's mine 0.36. You do that just by running this command right here. And that gives you the IP address of that machine. Then you create a Jackal host file. This has the name of your hosts. So you want to name these things probably something similar so that you can easily remember that. Mine is Mac Studio 1, Mac Studio 2, Mac Studio 3, and Mac Studio 4. All of them have a local address. So if I type host name, this is the one I'm connected to right now. Mac Studio 1.local. Now if I go to hosts.json, you'll see all the host names listed here in a JSON format. So here's the SSH, Mac Studio 1.local, Mac Studio 2.local, local X Studio 3 and the IPs array is empty for all of them except for the first one which is going to have that local LAN IP address. And finally, the RDMA array has your connections on the back that are actually connected to other MACs. So, for example, in this first one, I'm connected to the second, third, and fourth through these RDMA interfaces. Basically, the Thunderbolt connections on the back, but just go according to the diagram, and you'll be fine. Now once you're set up, you verify the cluster by running this command. It's another script I included here. And it just goes through and it makes sure that we can connect to all the machines through SSH. You also need to enable passwordless SSH on all the machines so they can all talk to each other without using a password. So that's what this checks. And then this makes sure that all these are RDMA capable devices. Next one is going to take a while. you're going to have to download the models. So, I suggest starting with a small model. That's why I have the Quen 34B. Really small model, really easy to move around. You can use the HuggingFace CLI as an example, which is what I did here. But make sure that you're grabbing that model and putting it somewhere you know is going to be. If you omit this local deer command flag, I mean, it's going to put it in the hugging face cache and you're never going to find it. You may know where to find it, but it's a pain. So include this local deer command and point it to where you want your model to live. Mine all live in this models MLX folder. Once you have that on one machine, you're going to want to use an external SSD so you can copy the model to all the other machines in the same exact location. That's important. If you don't do that, if you use FCP, it's going to take forever. You can also store the model somewhere on a NAS device, and I've shown videos uh on this channel of that working. You can, but that's going to take forever. Again, this is the fastest way. Do it this way. Trust me. Especially if you have gigantic models. By the way, if you're using Exo, the same thing goes for Exo. Copy the models with a drive from machine to machine to machine before you kick off the models in the Exo dashboard. Use a script to verify that you have the model in all the machines. And then this is that benchmark that I showed you before. Include the host file. Include the model right here, the model directory. And then you can give it a prompt also change the max tokens. Mess around with this. But here are two important things. This one right here, you want to make sure that you're using RDMA. So you want to have the MLX metal fast sync flag on. And disable the hugging face hub by using this hub HF hub face offline equals one flag. And same thing with the transformers offline equals one. The reason you want to use those two is so that the script doesn't go and try to automatically download those models to all the machines. Again, would take forever. We've already manually downloaded the models and we're giving it the model path so we don't need hugging base to go and download it for us. Here's the TPS bench. So, that just gives you an idea of how quickly uh tokens per second and it's going to validate that everything is working on all the machines for you. Finally, when you're ready, then you can start up the server. This is the script for the server. You pass it the model. You pass it the uh run openai cluster server.sh script. You can also change the port. You can change the host file if you want to and run that. Now, this is a very basic server. All right. That I just created. You have the models endpoint. So, you can check which models are installed. You have the chat completions endpoint and you have the v1 completions endpoint. Now, go and play with this. Go on, play with it. Start this repository. Enjoy. And if you have any poll requests, I welcome them. Thanks for watching. And if you want to see that whole video with EXO, watch that right over here. And I'll see you next time.

  Top Comments:
  1. @stevenpike7857 [1 likes]: Wait until the m5 ultra comes out at the same price point.  I think Apple is positioning itself to provide the equipment to run local ai models.  Sipping energy to run a local ai trained on a specific domain rather than "everything" like ChatGPT is where AI is going in my humble opinion.  General AI uses way too much power, while local AI's trained for your specific needs running on equipment locally is what will win.
  2. @coin777 [1 likes]: Great tutorial. I'm sure it will help all of the 2 people in the world that have 4 mac m5 512gb
  3. @stevenpike7857: When the m5 ultra is released at the same price point as the m3 ultra within a year - I bet that's going to blow these numbers out.  I think Apple is positioning itself into providing the hardware people use for local AI's and I think that's where all this AI stuff eventually settles.  Into local AI's that are trained for specific domains (knowledge / expertise).  I don't need my local AI to know where Tokyo is or how coffee is made - I need it to be a coding expert on C++ (or C# or python, or Unity game engine, or whatever).  Completely doable on a local setup like this with m5 studios sipping way less power than a data farm somewhere using enough electricity to run a city.
  4. @petsoukos: 50k for hallucinations. noice!
  5. @Motivation-Setup-Life-t7w: Can this be done on a M5 Macbook Pro?
  6. @DonTheDeveloper: So you're the reason higher end Mac Studios are becoming sold out...
  7. @jaswdrDev: Why not using opencode to code some simple application ? Like an echo server. Asking those kind of chatty questions are useless for developers.
  8. @IvyTutoringMed: How did you borrow them from apple?
  9. @saberell: @alex, Hi, Alex! Very interesting, thank you for the experiment! Could you also run the model on your DGX Spark cluster? Would it run on 4 and 8 nodes? At what speed? How does it compare with the Mac cluster token/sec /$?
  10. @TiagoRodrigues: I'm watching this video from my Dell Inspiron 🥲
  11. @RAPsubliminal: 8 M5 Mac Studio Ultra’s all with 1 TB of Ram and 16 TB of storage (Gen 5), tethering them together = more capable than a $50k PC, Threadripper, 2 A6000 Pro Blackwell GPU’s and 512 GB of Ram at 6400. 8 TB Gen 5 Ram.😊
  12. @froztbytes: God I wish Nvidia would make a dgx with 512gb of unified memory.
  13. @miker230: Will this work with LM Studio?
  14. @denshaSai: Can we do some model training instead just keep running LLM inference?
  15. @denshaSai: Can MacBook talk to each other through thunderbolt?
  16. @brunovlucena: great video!
  17. @SoupRKnowva: Couldn’t you use the super fast thunderbolt 5 connections to distribute the model instead of the external ssd?
  18. @MommyZombie322: Hi Alex, whats the best model to fit in a single mac studio 256gb or 512gb now ?
  19. @gvnsvn9294: do understand right? 12500 $ for maybe 3% boost?
  20. @Sevbh12: Could you test Mac mini M4 pro cluster to see how they do? Realistically Mac Studio is too pricey for most. Thank you!

- Apple JUST Dropped a Game-Changer: Kind: captions Language: en Every Mac cluster I've built in the past has had the same painful ending, considerably worse. Oh, come on. Until this one. I built a Mac Mini cluster or Mac Studio cluster. And yeah, it works. You can run bigger local AI models, bigger LLMs, and bigger models usually means more knowledge, smarter answers. Big models also require a lot of RAM. Combining several machines together into a cluster means your models can share all that RAM or unified memory as it's known in Apple Silicon World. But there's always been a trade-off. The more machines you add, the slower things get. [music] Well, that ends today. What I'm about to show you changes everything. More machines and it actually gets faster. We can do this, folks. And you don't even need Formax Studios with 512 GB each for a total of 2 TB of memory. You can even cluster on baby Macs that cost 500 bucks each. Aren't they [music] cute? Network Chuck, I hope you still have your Mac Studios because you're going to like this. As it turns out, Exo, that's the tool that I showed before on my Mac Mini cluster, the one that's really easy to set up. Then they disappeared for months, and I thought the project was abandoned, and so did everybody else. Well, they've been tweeting, "Linear scaling achieved. Deepseek with 671 billion parameters at its native 8bit is over 700 GB in size. And they've been teasing this all summer." Well, finally, they've reached version 1.0. But in order to get that linear kind of scaling, sorry the green line is not actually linear, but you get the idea. It's not just Exo. There are three levels of technologies that had to align, like the stars aligning in order for us to get here. And yet somehow version 1.0 of Exo got even simpler. All it is is just an installer that you install on every machine you want as part of your cluster. By the way, this video is still not sponsored by Exo, even though my last video about it did really, really well. So hang on a moment while I pay the bills. True story. My first month in a security operations center, I was terrified of touching production. I just needed a place to practice legally and safely. That's what Try Hackme gives you. This is Try Hackme. Browserbased cyber security training. No installs, no setup. Click and you're inside real labs. Let me show you a beginner friendly OSEN challenge. In the OSET room, you get a single image and one question. How much can you discover from just one photo file? I'll open the virtual machine, grab the image, and run. Exit tool image.jpeg that pulls metadata including a username and now we pivot. I'll search that handle across public sites. Found the avatar. It's a cat. The city tracing the profile footprint points to London. Personal email on the developer footprint. I find o woodflint atgmail.com. All right, I'll stop there. There are more questions in the room and you can finish the rest yourself inside tryh hackme. Why I like this for devs and beginners. You learn by doing. structured paths, scenarios modeled after real attacks and defenses, gamified progress, a massive community, and Echo, their AI tutor to coach you through. Jump in with the link below. Start with the Osent room and see how far you get. Many rooms are free, and with my code, Ziskin 25, you'll get 25% off the annual plan if you want full access. Link down below. To kick things off, I'm just going to start Exo on all four machines. Now, let's keep an eye on things with activity monitor. Memory usage and GPU usage are two things we're mostly interested in here because memory is really involved in machine learning tasks. And the GPU usage is something that's going to let us know that these processes are happening on the GPU, which is where we want them, not on the CPU. So, things are fast. By the way, for M3 Ultra Mac Studios, I hooked them all up. They have to be hooked up using the mesh networking through Thunderbolt. I'll explain that in a bit. And together they're all using only 66 watts of power. That's crazy. Everything in Exo 1.0 is kind of UI driven even though they do have API access. You can see Exo Hangout here in the menu bar and the topology of your four machines or however many machines you're using, 2, 3, 4. And then you got this dashboard button that takes you well, you guessed it, to the new Exo dashboard. This shows you the topology, chat history. I'm going to delete my hi's and how areas over here. And here is where you get to select the models you want. You can do DeepS 3.1 8bit, which I'm going to show you. Kimmy K2 thinking, Quen Coder 480. These are all large models, but they shard slightly differently. Shard. What is that? That sounds gross. Oh, sharding is where you separate the model out into different parts. So, you can run certain parts of the model on one machine, other parts of the model on the other machine. And in the old way of doing things, you would use pipeline charting, but now you can use tensor parallelism. >> Previously, the way that Exo split up models was something called pipeline parallel. Each stage still runs sequentially. >> This is Alex Chima. He's one of the founders of Exo. >> So you don't actually get any speed up because only one device is active at a time. Now with low latency RDMA, that enables different kinds of parallelism, namely tensor parallelism, which enables you to actually get true parallelism. Instead of just running in stages, now you split up each layer into separate pieces of computation that happen in parallel. >> Oh yeah. Let's kick things off with this quen 235 billion parameter model. And we'll do MLX RDMA and we'll use all four nodes. That's going to be our topology. I'm going to launch this and keep an eye on that memory. The memory is going up on every one of these machines because it's being loaded into memory and that takes a little bit of time because it's a large model. You can see the memory pressure is getting a little bit higher, but [laughter] come on. This is ridiculous. Each one of these machines has 512 GB. We're going to load bigger models. And it's ready. 84 GB on this machine, 82 on this one, 81 on this one, and 81 on this one. How is it splitting up the model? Well, it's using a new technology from Apple where it can split up the model using tensor parallelism and it can take different layers and put them on the different machines. This really optimizes inference. By the way, this little interface pretty cool. You can delete the instance, but you can also start multiple instances. And since each one of these machines has 512 gigs of RAM, I can start multiple instances of Quen 235 billion or other models if I want to. Let's ask it something. Hello. I know, I know I have a lame prompt. What can I tell you? That's not what this video is about. This video is about the technology behind this and not necessarily how good is your prompt. That's for other videos. We get 37 tokens per second here. Remember that number because now I'm going to delete this instance and I'm going to start up this model one more time on only one node. Oh yeah, it'll run on one node. There's plenty of room. Hello. Hello. How can I assist you today? 30 tokens per second. 30 on one node, 37 on four nodes. And this is why tensor parallelism is fantastic. It's actually a bad example of this because this model is or mixture of experts, which means, yeah, it's 235 billion parameters, but when it's actually loaded and you're using it, you're only going to have a small subset of those parameters that are activated. And these types of models don't typically shard very well or split up across different machines, as well as dense models. dense models split up really well. I'm going to show you that in a moment. Wait a minute, Alex. You mentioned RDMA. Do you want to use RDNA? No. No, not DNA. RDMMA. It's remote direct memory access. Oh, so Apple has done something [laughter] incredible here. Do you remember how blown away we were by Thunderbolt 5? Yeah, it just came out like less than a year ago. We started getting our initial devices and then Mac Studios had it. M4 Max, M4 Pro got it and it was already super impressive at how fast it can transfer files or drive 8K monitors. And Thunderbolt can be used to network machines together, which is exactly how you've seen me do it in my Mac Mini cluster video and my Mac Studio cluster video from a few months ago. And I thought, okay, well, that's kind of limiting and that's why it was a little bit slower. But Apple didn't just sit there, release this technology, and there you go. You're done. No, they decided, "Oh, I think we can use the same exact hardware and make it better in software." With Mac OS Tahoe, say what you will about Mac OS Taho's UI design, but with 26.2, they really cooked. They've enabled RDMA over Thunderbolt, which means communication between machines can now be 10 times faster. And that, my friends, is what eliminates our bottleneck. Now, there's no reason not to have 50 Mac Studios hooked up together like Markiplier. Gasp at this. Jealous. Jealous in my big old bathroom. Yep. That's a big one, huh? [laughter] Oh, yeah. >> So, the hardware was all set. There's one more missing piece of the puzzle that needed to be solved to have the stars aligned and everything working, and that's MLX. MLX is an array framework designed for efficient and flexible machine learning research on Apple Silicon. It's specifically designed and optimized for Apple Silicon. I've shown it many times on the channel before. If you're using LM Studio, you can get GGUF models or MLX models. GGUF models go with Llama CPP, a very, very popular tool for running inference. In other words, running models and generating text. Olama is built on Llama CPP. LM Studio is built on Llama CPP. But LM Studio also has access to MLX. And MLX is kind of like CUDA on Nvidia hardware. It's specifically designed to take advantage of the hardware. And it's actually more performant and faster. It only works on Apple Silicon. It's not crossplatform like Llama CPP, which is Llama CPP's advantage. It'll work on Linux. It'll work on Windows. It'll work on Mac. But MLX is faster on Apple Silicon. And last time when I did the Mac Studio cluster demos for you, I used MLX distributed, which is this way to establish communication between multiple machines to run MLX models on multiple machines as a cluster. And at that time, MLX was using regular Thunderbolt communication networking, which was slow. So even though we ran large models, we saw a big degradation in speed, and I couldn't even get the really huge models to run. Well, MLX has incorporated the new RDMA functionality into its library, and you can run it directly if you want to. I got to tell you, it's not an easy setup. Similar to my previous video, it took me a while to set up because there's a lot of parts that you have to install. These are the kinds of parts that Exo eliminates for you with the one installer. It basically automates everything. But if you wanted to run MLX distributed yourself, you can. Check this out. Developers are going to be interested in this one. Devstral 2 123 billion parameter model. Devstral large is now considered to be the best open weights model for developers. It does really well on software developer benchmarks. Let's run it on MLX distributed. Now I had to write a bunch a bunch of scripts in order to orchestrate all this stuff so it's easy to run from one machine. First of all, you have to enable passwordless SSH between all the machines. You have to make sure that RGMA networking is hooked up through Thunderbolt in a mesh pattern like I showed you. but also they have to be on your LAN because they have to communicate through the root nodes IP address. Then being able to copy and distribute all the models across all the machines and all the scripts across the machines is something you have to write yourself. By the way, I may just put all this stuff in my GitHub. Let me know if you're interested down below. But usually Anie from the MLX team uh creates his own gist and puts all the instructions there. So I may not have to check out Anie's Twitter. He's probably going to tweet about it pretty soon if he hasn't already. I actually link to him down below. Let's take a look at one machine right now. I'm going to kick off MLX generate command. And I'm using Devstral 123B instruct 4bit. All right, 4bit. I'm going to try 6bit in a bit. That's sounds weird. Um, but you'll see it's going to make a big difference. And there it goes. Write 200 words about Thunderbolt RDMA. This is happening only on one machine right now on this one. And it's not super fast, but it is a really large, dense model. This is a dense model, one that's supposed to shard really well across machines. Hint hint, we're going to see that. So, right now, we're getting 9.2 tokens per second. H, I like it a little bit faster. So, I'm going to run this on all four machines. And there we go. Keep an eye on the memory and the activity monitor here for the GPU history. We've got about 36 gigs on each machine here. There's the GPU history. You can imagine that's happening on the first machine as well. And it is using the GPU really nicely. Uh pretty much 100% of that from what I can tell from the chart. Ah look at that. 22 tokens per second. We've more than double the throughput of tokens per second when using more machines. That's what RDMA gets you. Now, not only dense models get you faster performance when charting with tensor parallelism, but also this was quantized down to four bits, which means the full model was perhaps 16 bits and some information was thrown away. That's what quantization is, so that it can run on smaller hardware. Typically, that's what you do when you quantize things. If you haven't seen Julia Turk's channel, she has a really nice video on quantization. I'll link to it down below. And you can quantize to eight bits, six bits, four bits, three bits. Each time you quantize, you're losing a little bit of the information. So you might not get as best results. So what if you take Devstro and quantize it less? Let's say you quantize it only to six bits instead of four. Well, when you do that, you actually get very different performance. In fact, it's better. All right, let's run 6bit on one machine. This on one machine should be a little bit slower than 4 bits or it might be about the same, right? 200 words about Thunderbolt RDMMA in 6 bits. Yeah, we're getting 6.4 tokens per second here because this is a bigger model running on one machine. But what if we run this model on all the machines? Boom. So, we're using a bit more memory here on each of the machines. We're up to 40 41 GB instead of 30. and we're using the GPU to its fullest as you can tell by the GPU history chart and we're getting 17 tokens per second here. So here we're seeing that the sixbit gives us almost three times faster results using multiple machines. Let's take a little detour for a second and take a look at a small model running on one machine. But I want to show you the differences between GGUF and MLX. I got Quen 34B tiny model. They're both four bits. One is GGUF and one is MLX. Write a paragraph. Pretty fast. 131 tokens per second. Which one was that? Can you take a guess? Let's start a new chat. Select the MLX version this time. Write a paragraph. 168 tokens per second. So, you can see for the exact same model, the MLX version is way faster on Apple Silicon. By the way, this is LM Studio running and it has the ability to run both. And LM Studio is pretty easy, but it does not have the ability to cluster. If we take this Quen 34B and we cluster it using Llama CPP RPC, which is the way that Llama CPP can cluster uh your models and yeah, it's possible, but it's also a little bit difficult to set up for you. I've done it all and I've been testing. I haven't had that much time with these. So, a lot more testing to come for sure. But here's what I got. We are down to 4546 tokens per second for the same model across the four nodes. Pretty significant drop from 131. That's where it goes down. That's because Llama CPP RPC is not using RDMA and tensor parallelism. And Jeff Gilling's been doing a lot more testing with Llama CPP RPC as well as Donato Capitelli who's been creating toolboxes for clustering on framework desktops. And I've ran the Quen 3 coder 480 billion parameter model. And across the four framework desktop nodes, if we're clustering this, we're getting seven tokens per second, which is not great. It is possible though, which is really cool. It's a 480 billion parameter quen coder model. By the way, I ran this for 128 prompt size, 256 all the way up to 16,000. I actually do include a 36,000 token prompt, but the framework cluster did fail that one. What is nice seeing here is that it's pretty consistent across all the different prompts and we're getting about seven tokens per second. And I want to see what we get with Exo clusters up. Quen coder 480 billion parameter model. We're going to go to tensor with MLX RDMA and run it on all four. Launch. I love seeing the memory on all four machines go up at the same time. It's so cool. I wish I could play with this cluster more, but Apple loan this to me and they want it back. So, I have to do all my tests as soon as possible before I have to give it back. Write a paragraph. Boom. Look at that thing go. And we got 40 tokens per second here on four nodes. 40 tokens per second for a 480 billion parameter model is pretty nice. All that's left is hooking this up to your code editor and I made videos about that. I got member videos for that. By the way, if you are a member of the channel, thank you so much. Members of the channel get extra videos and I thank you for your support. But wow, this is really cool. Seven tokens per second framework desktops of course, so a little bit different. 40 tokens per second. But I've already showed you one node on Mac Studio versus four node improvements. So you know that this is what it's capable of. But speaking of even bigger models, let's see what else we can do. I'm going to delete this instance. I'm going to launch this Kimmy K2 instruct which is 578 GB in size. Also, Tensor RDMMA launch. This one might take a little bit longer to load. We're at about 115 GB of memory usage on each machine right now. 130 135. It just keeps going. By the way, Kimmy K2 thinking has 256,000 context size. So yeah, my little hello world prompts are not nearly stressing the system enough, but MLX distributed adjusts dynamically based on the size of the prompt. So you can see it using 150 GB of memory. But if I give it a bigger prompt, it's going to use more. And check this out. It loaded and it's ready for me. And the memory pressure went down. Yet the memory is still at 150 GB on each machine. Hello. Boom. And it just says hello to me. I think it's mocking me. It's It says, "You gave me a short prompt, so I'm going to give you a short answer." It could be either really smart or really dumb. I don't know which one. Fine. You know what? Here is my architecture prompt. Design a scalable web application architecture for an e-commerce platform. This one usually gives me a pretty long answer. It's a pretty decently sized prompt. Boom. And there it goes. It's designing the architecture. It's going pretty decently fast. Tokens per second right now is 34.8. 8 and it actually adjusts the display on the fly for me. 34.6. You can see the memory has gone up just a tiny bit by a couple of gigabytes on each machine. And the GPU usage for this model is not 100% which is interesting. It's uh towering maybe about 90% there. I wish these charts had a better display, but that's all we get for the GPU history. 33.8 tokens is the final answer. Now, if you don't know this, Kim K2 has a trillion total parameters. We just ran a trillion parameter model. It's a mixture of experts, so it's not using all the parameters at the same time, but still 30 something tokens per second. Wow. All right, time for the big boss. Deepseek v3.1 8bit. This is not even 4bit, folks. This is 8bit and it's the original training size, like the full thing. I want you right now to go in the comments and put down your guess for how fast this is going to be or if it'll even launch. Let's see. 120 GB on each machine and still going. 150 170 folks. We reached 200 GB on each machine. It's settled down at 183 per machine. That's a lot of gigabytes for every machine. I admit this is kind of nice. It's kind of luxurious. But it actually loaded. Let's paste in our prompt here. Deepseek V3. One of the highest ranking software developer models out there that's open ways right now. I gotta say though, this is the highest I've ever seen Mac Studios go. We're at 59 or 512 watts being used by this cluster running Deep Seek. Oh, wow. That that is uh no longer sipping. It's now drinking. And there it goes. Now, it's not as fast as Kim K2, but it's plenty fast. I mean, that's uh way faster than I can read. We're going at 25 tokens per second. And for such a giant model, that's actually really nice. Now, a lot of these large models are now mixture of experts models. I do want to try a very large dense model. But right now, we need to have support at the MLX distributed level. We need to have support at the exo level in order for these models to be available, to be surfaced, and for us to be able to use them. But luckily, it's not super difficult to make the models available. We just probably need to open an issue or something. Now, instead of running this $50,000 cluster, you could run EXO on tiny little M4 Mac Minis and still get the benefit of the easy setup and automatic discovery and combining unified memory to run larger models. However, the M4 Mac Minis don't have Thunderbolt 5. They have Thunderbolt 4, which does not support RDMA yet. Apple, please fix that. Or give us Thunderbolt 5 and M5 Mac Minis, please. To get RDMA support, you need M4 Pro or higher chips so that you can get Thunderbolt 5. So, check out the new Exo 1.0. Check out MLX distributed and check out Apple's Mac OS 26.2 which is going to have this functionality enabled in software. That's crazy. I hope you enjoy this video. It was a lot of fun to do. If you want to see more details on MLX distributed and how I ran that, watch this video over here. Thanks for [music] watching. I'll see you next time. >> [music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @iamrapidrocket [1 likes]: can it run full GLM5?
  2. @waynemaman7418: 16
  3. @danielfreedman7442: so interested in creating this, interested in your github
  4. @neousagi: I'm having visions of Tim "The Toolman" Taylor. "If four is good,  32 is even better!"
  5. @anthonyeyeoweme4253: This is awesome. This morning I considered clustering macs to save energy vs data centre hosted and there you are showing me how. 
All I need now is the cash. Hmmmm…
I will find it!
  6. @BrandonMeier-h1s: Did you have this cluster connected to a pure sinewave UPS?
  7. @Thresher13579: Great stuff!!!!👍
  8. @Buddhist_Mnk: LM Link!!
  9. @waulpall: Annnnd. Its dead. They killed 512
  10. @gouaks: You have many money
  11. @URAZKIVANER: I have made an educated estimate calculation with Gemini a single 1TB M5Ultra Studio will be getting 12-13 t/s on the same last test 😉😉
  12. @Haven_games: With the M4 Pro | TB5 minis now available.  Would minis now be good candidates for this setup?
  13. @salliechait53: WENT TO BUY IT and the price was $1500.00 with no discount and only 1 TB SSD NOT SURE Geekcom is listening
  14. @MrAdmin00: @7:34 This is a Doctor Evil gesture, it reminds me some evil memory.😈
  15. @ezra136: Has Apple stopped making macStudios with 512gb ram? This highest on there site is 256?
  16. @thekingofgames8249: that's a cost of a new car. So unless you have some serious plans with it it's a massive waste of money.
  17. @jodybevan6929: What you are doing is fantastic. I have been programming on Apple since Apple IIe with assembly language. 

I have been sitting on the sidelines watching AI. I will only use a local LLM and of course macStudios. 

I watched a demo of programming in the environment I use. It was very very good.  So I am ready to jump in. There is a lot to learn: which LLM, trining it for our standards, set up like you have shown. 

Do you have suggestion for courses to speed up my onboarding targeted to running local LLMs, or is this so early I will need to dig ‘underground’ like watching your videos, redit…

Any suggestions - APPRECIATED!
  18. @HeadleyyHighlights: i never thought id be an apple fanboy but look at that efficiency. each machine (top config) barely pulls 118w at max load (16w idle lol)with awesome temps. MLX, Metal,macOS, UMA(Unified Memory), High memory bandwidth. Not even gonna mention the cpu/gpu combo, one hell of a computer
  19. @AdrianVrabie: Wow! running local AIs with Apple unified memory is not only cool, it's a lot cheaper! Kinda makes me want to build my own ai cluster
  20. @DarekB007: do Macs have to be exactly same or can different chipsets and ram and core No be mexed?

- STOP Buying Mac Minis for OpenClaw! (£500 Mistake Everyone’s Making): Kind: captions Language: en Everyone is buying Mac minis right now for open claw. They're literally selling out. And I get it. Every YouTube video you watch tells you that you need to get a dedicated machine, that you need to spend five [music] to $700 just to run an AI assistant. And look, I set up open claw for over a dozen clients at this point, and I've done it on VPS servers, I've done it locally, and I've done it in multiple different ways. And I'm telling you right now that buying a Mac mini for this is one of the biggest waste of money I'm seeing in the AI space. So in this video I'm going to show you exactly why, and I'm going to walk you through the alternatives that are cheaper, more secure, and in most cases actually better. So let's get into this. So let's talk about where this whole Mac mini thing came from. Open claw needs a computer to run on, and because it has full access to whatever machine it installs on, it can then read files, it can run terminal commands, and it can browse the web. So essentially it can basically do anything. And the common advice became don't run it on your main computer. And that's actually solid advice. And I agree with that part. But then people made this weird logical jump. They went from don't run it on your main machine straight to go buy a brand new Mac mini. And suddenly you've got creatures telling you to spend lots of money before you've even sent your first message to open claw. So here's the thing nobody's telling you. You don't even know if open claw is even right for you yet. You don't know if you're going to use it every day or abandon it after a week. And spending a lot of money on hardware before you've figured that out is just a bad advice. Another reason people push Mac minis is because open claw was initially optimized for Mac OS, and that's true. Some features like iMessage integration are Mac only, but unless iMessage is a deal breaker for you, there's absolutely no reason for you that you need a Mac OS to run this on. So open claw works perfectly fine on Linux, which is essentially what every uh VPS virtual private server runs on, and it works on Windows, too. So, what should you actually do instead? Well, there are really four paths here, and which one you choose depends on your budget, your technical comfort level, and how seriously you want to use Open Claw. So, I'm going to break down each one, the cost, the pros, the cons, and who it's best for. I personally set up Open Claw using every single one of these methods, so this isn't theory, this is from actual experience. The first option, and honestly, the one I recommend for most people is a VPS, a virtual private server. If you've never heard of that, it's basically a computer that lives in a data center somewhere. So, you rent it by month, it runs 24/7, and you can access it remotely. The big players here are Digital Ocean, Hostinger, Vultr, and Linode. And essentially, there's a bunch of them, so pricing typically starts around $6 to $12 a month, depending on the specs you go for. Now, here's why this is better than a Mac Mini for most people. So, first, it's always on. You don't have to worry about power outages, your or if your internet goes down, or accidentally cloning your laptop. So, your Open Claw is running in a data center with enterprise-grade uptime. The second reason is that it's isolated. So, this is the security argument that people use for buying a Mac Mini, but a VPS does the exact same thing, better, actually. So, your Open Claw lives on its own server. It can't touch your personal files, your passwords, your photos, nothing. If something goes wrong, you literally just delete the server and spin up a new one in minutes. Try doing that with a Mac Mini. Now, the third reason is the cost. So, a solid VPS that can handle Open Claw will run you $7 to $12 a month over a full year. So, that's $84 to $144, whereas a Mac Mini it will cost you at least $5 to $600 upfront, plus your electricity bill. So, You have to run a VPS for over 4 years before it cost the same as a Mac mini. And by then the technology will have changed completely. So the only real downside of a VPS is that it doesn't have a graphical desktop by default. So features like browser control or screen-based automation require a bit more configuration. But for most people chatting through Telegram and naming Chrome jobs, managing emails, doing research, a VPS can handle all of this perfectly. Now the second option is to just run OpenClaw on a computer you already own. And before you say, "But you just said don't run it on your own machine." just hear me out. If you're just experimenting with OpenClaw and you want to test it out and see if it's actually useful for you, running it on your main computer is completely fine to start with. You don't need to go buy anything and you can just install it, play with it, and get a feel for it. The risk everyone is talking about, which is OpenClaw going rogue and deleting all your files, yes, that's theoretically possible, but in practice, if you're being sensible about what you're asking it to do and you're not giving it access to sensitive accounts right away, you're going to be fine for testing purposes. The only real downside here is that when your computer is off, OpenClaw is off. So you lose the 24/7 assistant aspect. But again, for testing and getting started, that does not matter. So once you've tested it for a week or two and you finally decide that you want it to run all the time 24/7, that's when you can move to a VPS or one of the other options. But you'll be making the decision from experience and from some YouTube video telling you to spend, let's say, a minimum of $600 on day one. Now, if you have an old laptop sitting in a drawer somewhere, that works, too. You can just wipe it, install OpenClaw, and now you've got a dedicated device for free. The third option is actually something that nobody is talking about it, it's actually really clever. You can run a virtual machine on your existing Mac using a free app called UTM. What this does is it creates a completely separate macOS environment inside your actual Mac. Think of it as like a computer within your computer. Now, OpenClaw runs inside that virtual environment, so it's fully sandboxed and isolated. It can't access your real files, your real accounts, or nothing on your real actual Mac. So, this gives you the isolation of a separate machine without buying anything. It's free, and because it's running on macOS, you get all the Mac-specific features like iMessage integration if you want that. The trade-off is performance. You're sharing your computer's resources with the virtual machine. So, things naturally will be a bit slower. And just like running it locally, when your Mac is off, OpenClaw is off. But, if the security concern is your main worry, and you don't want to pay for a VPS, this is genuinely great middle ground. The fourth option is for people who want the most secure setup possible. Now, this is a VPS combined with Tailscale, which is a private VPN network. So, here's the problem with a standard VPS. It's sitting on the public internet, and now OpenClaw has security features built in. And if you set it up correctly with proper authentication, you're going to be fine. But, if you want to go the extra mile, Tailscale makes your server essentially invisible to the entire internet. So, what you're doing is essentially you're creating a private network that only your authorized devices can see. So, for example, your phone, your laptop, whatever you approve, these are the only devices that can reach your OpenClaw server. So, everyone else on the internet, it doesn't exist. So, you can combine that with Telegram as your communication channel because Telegram is an outbound connection from the server. So, it still works even when the server is locked down and you've got something that's more secure than 99% of setups out there, including people running it on a Mac mini with no security whatsoever. I'll have a dedicated video walking through this exact Tailscale setup coming soon. If that's something you want to see, let me know in the comments. Let me just lay out the numbers really quickly because I think this puts it into perspective. So, let's say for a Mac mini it's um at least $500 up front plus the electricity, plus you still need to set it up yourself. A VPS can be $7 to $12 a month, no upfront cost, and it runs 24/7 in full isolation. Your existing computer, which is free, zero cost, and it's perfect for testing. A virtual machine with UTM is free, it's sandbox, and the Mac features are included. And remember, on top of whichever option you choose, you're also paying for the AI model itself. So, whether that's Anthropic, Open AI, Gemini, or something else, that's your ongoing cost that ranges from about, let's say, $10 to $200 a month depending on the model and how much you use it. So, when someone tells you the first thing you need to do is to spend $600 on hardware, just know that you could literally run Open Claw for an entire year on a VPS for less than a quarter of that price. Now, I do want to be fair here. There are some cases where a dedicated Mac device actually makes sense. If iMessage integration is critical for you, like you absolutely need your AI assistant to send and receive iMessages, then yes, you need a Mac. But even then, look at a refurbished Mac mini or an older model. You don't need the latest one. So, if you're running multiple AI agents and you need serious compute power locally, a dedicated machine can make sense. But we're talking power users here, not someone setting up their first Open core. And if you just prefer having a physical device that you can see and touch and know it's running, I get that. So, some people like that and it's just not necessary from a technical standpoint. So, for everyone else, and that's the vast majority of people getting into open core right now, a VPS or even a recurrent computer is all you need essentially. So, the truth about the Mac mini situation is that you don't need one. Save your money and start with what you have and upgrade your setup once you actually know what you need. If you're watching this and thinking I just want someone to set this up for me properly, I've got a community called open core setup on school where I help people get their open core configured from scratch. Now, whether that's on a VPS, locally with Tailscale, whatever makes sense for your situation, I'll drop the link in the description below. And if you find this video helpful, write a comment and let me know which setup option you're going with. It It generally does help me know what tutorials to make in the future. So, I will have full step-by-step guides coming for DigitalOcean, Tailscale, and more. So, subscribe if you don't want to miss that and I'll see you in the next video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @noahwillson96 [6 likes]: Terrible video mate. You aren't thinking of local models like Ollama Qwen Gemma... these are the workers that do 60% of the tasks. If you dont have at least 24gb of unified  memory you cannot run these local models and therefore you would have to rely on the cloud api or other subscriptions to VPS with high compute that stack up quickly over months to a year. My local models can run 24/7, cron jobs automated runners, dispatching, relaying, researching, etc... My 24GB and my 64GB mac minis can do a hell of a lot more than a VPS build because it can run 24/7 for free. As soon as you get on a VPS you are talking about subscriptions anywhere from $20-$100/month for something you dont own. And that isnt mentioning to ai llm subscriptions thats just about compute and ram costs... So either you are just naive, clueless, or you are intentionally misrepresenting VPS vs Mac Mini. Ive tried both, the clear winner is a local computer with 24Gb minimum of unified memory.
  2. @Weißesnashorn [4 likes]: Lol talking 10 minutes about openclaw on Macmini wiithout saying a word about Ram, compute or llms tha fit into a Mac and if that actually works... :clock-turquoise-looking-up:
  3. @richsadowsky8580 [4 likes]: Really useful walkthrough. I was exploring how to experiment with OpenClaw safely without investing in another Mac Mini, and this convinced me to use UTM with Linux on one of my Apple Silicon MacBooks instead. Subscribed — I’ll be diving into your OpenClaw setup videos next.
  4. @Asiatina_ [3 likes]: I do a lot of AI content creation with platforms that host Nano Banana, Kling, etc. Would hosting OpenClaw on a VPN with Tailscale allow it to generate content for me? Or does the system need a GPU like physical hardware? 

Sorry if this question doesn’t make sense, I’m not a coder and technical in a different sense.
  5. @Zac-Frulloni [2 likes]: 🚨 NEW Marketplace LIVE (Grab 2 Free Skills): https://remoteopenclaw.com/marketplace.html
🎁 Join the Community: https://shorturl.at/3bwc0
⚠ FREE Secure Setup Checklist: https://remoteopenclaw.com/checklist

If you enjoyed this, would you do me a huge favour and tap "subscribe" under the title? 👆✨

Much love! There’s plenty more content headed your way soon! 🚀🎬
  6. @santacruzdigitalphotobooth [2 likes]: I'm looking to learn how to setup OpenClaw for private medical practices. For this setup, it seems like a Mac Mini would be a better solution for a practitioner to secure patient files in house and own the hardware behind it.
  7. @praetorian5499 [2 likes]: If i have a dual boot system with win10 and linux, I could only use linux for messing with openclaw, i just wonder, can it get access to my windows stuff on the same hard drive or no?
  8. @alexjones-qe5gc [1 likes]: Brought to you by hostinger😂
  9. @theclarkmanman [1 likes]: Would love to see setup video on vm from a windows computer.
  10. @Phantom_Pursuit [1 likes]: Thank you this video was very helpful. I’m definitely going to use a vps now, I would be interested in a vps + tail scale video.
  11. @greggieo [1 likes]: You couldn't even take a shower before making the video??
  12. @dorianjones8448 [1 likes]: I've played with it and we have token to a point i need 2 local models running at the same time so mac mini makes sense
  13. @praetorian5499 [1 likes]: Thanks buddy
  14. @RyanKnowsTechStuff [1 likes]: How much do you spend on tokens with your vps? Reasons for Mac’s is basically the Mac Studio’s for large models, unless you can get by with a Mac mini 64gb smaller models.
  15. @OldManBadly: Cautionary tales are always useful, but many of them come from a place of a bit of bias.    One can often feel they have found the ultimate best solution but in fact have only found their own inner peace.  let me share my happy biases with you.

After over 30 years of the internet and nearly as long renting, running, and even sharing out servers, (yeah, I am old), I can tell you without a doubt that the VPS options are all shite in the end.  If you are only running openclaw to be a gateway to paid LLMs running elsewhere, you might be okay.  But most VPS don't have the horsepower to pull a skin off a pudding, unless you are willing to stack up a pile.  Moreover, as many of them are basically spam farms and are riddled with scammers and hacker front doors, many of them will bit hit and miss for accessing other sites / services as you may find that "oops, that IP is banned" - worse yet, if you have one that is "by domain only" (ie, IP address is shared) you are at the mercy of the other monkeys sharing that IP.  Nearly 100% certain you will get toasted at some point.

There is also the question of putting your personal information into a space that you don't control. I cannot ever recommend that as a good choice.   Also, you are creating a problem of having to deal with a remote system to access other remote services.   So yeah, no.  You may make it work, but you will be disappointed.  

Mac Minis (even today with the price increase) are incredible machines for the money and can do a whole lot more than just be a bot farm.   You have zero lag to get it it, it is right there, and your personal data is right next to you.  You still tailscale or similar in front of it, and you are fairly well protected and your data is in your own hands.    As a result, it is much easier to make integrations with your other hardware by using as an example shared network drives on a commercial NAS or converted old PC with whatever home brew NASware you like.  

Being able to run a 7b or 8b models locally puts you in a great position to avoid spending a ton of money on outside services.  You can keep them for when you really need a horsepower level answer.  Otherwise you can let it run at home, do the things you need it to do, collect the information you need, and the savings can really add up.

MMM4 isn't good for people who want to do really hardcore stuff.  your LLMs and coding bots will be somewhat limited by memory.  Current spec 24gig is better, they won't sell you with more memory than that at this point, ask for 48gb and right now they force you to the upgrade CPU which isn't a good price point.  YOu can get well over 2k USD and still not even have a damn keyboard!

The important part: you end up hating on openclaw, whatever... you still have an amazing machine with tons of power, awesome to music, mid range video editing, and general every day life things.  

Yeah, bias, whatever.  Do the damn math.
  16. @sscam2001: I used an old 1070 box, well under $200 to host my openclaw.
  17. @WrightyMedia: I’d love to take the steps in having open claw, I think I want to go the vps and tail route. I want the 247 route but I think ant to define the role of my agent. And give it things as I build up its trust. But I want my usual device to be the admin to most of the accounts.
  18. @akshatsirohi6179: wow open claw will work on old laptop wow
  19. @tonerona: Thank you very much for the video, I’ve been trying to decide which way I wanted to go and I think I might go to the VPS
  20. @TheNakedCoach: VPS + Tailscale video... please! 😀

- The M4 Mac Mini is Incredible!: Kind: captions Language: en (box clunks) (tape tearing) (chilled lo-fi music) (wrap rustling) (upbeat electronic music) - So usually, one crazy thing about a new piece of tech is enough to get my attention, just something out of the ordinary about it. But this new Mac mini has three things about it that are insane. So instead of having an event this year, Apple decided to do a bunch of press releases in a row for the last week of October to update their whole Mac lineup to M4. And one of them was for this new Mac mini. Now, a lot of us might not give too much thought to the Mac mini, like, yeah, maybe it holds an important place as the most affordable Mac, but if you're not buying one, you're not really thinking about it too much. But the number one most insane thing about this refresh is, well, I mean look at it, it's tiny. It is absolutely tiny. Apple's gone through and redesigned basically all of their computers now that have gotten the Mac silicon update. Well, except this one, this is the same design as a while ago, but the Mac mini was kind of technically overdue for a redesign. And the new one, it actually kinda looks a little bit more like a shrunken Mac Studio than a shrunken old Mac mini. But it's now a five inch by five inch footprint and two inches tall. I'll say that again, a five by five by two desktop computer. Now I like small desktops, and yes, you could get a tiny desktop computer before, there's plenty of amazing mini ITX build videos all over the internet that I've watched for years. They're sick. But there's levels to this, there's small computers and then there's tiny computers. And this Mac mini is smaller than my R5 with a lens on it. It's smaller than a new roll of duct tape. It's smaller than the footprint of the new iPhone and barely bigger than the absolutely tiny Apple TV. Apple's seemingly had this obsession with making certain computers as small as possible, even before Apple silicon came along. So this has just kind of unlocked another level for them to push it even further than ever before. Yeah, there are fans in here, but there are also ports on the back. Gigabit ethernet by default, full size HDMI is still here. And then three Thunderbolt ports on the back and then there's two USB-C 3 ports on the front plus the headphone jack. So still no SD card reader. And there's obviously now no more USB-A. If you tried to build or buy another computer to match this thing, you will either end up building a computer that's just as small but nowhere near as capable, or a computer that's just as capable, but nowhere near as small. It is just a hilariously unnecessarily tiny computer. It's great. I would also like to start a new conspiracy theory. I would like to use this video to start a conspiracy theory. I think that there is someone whose job it is at Apple, someone whose sole purpose (sinister mysterious music) is to come up with one obnoxious thing to complain about for every new Apple product redesign. Like this is the person that put the notch on the iPhone. This is the person that put the charge port at the bottom of the Magic Mouse. And this person's best work is right here on this new Mac mini, putting the power button on the bottom of it. Like, why? There are so many better places to put a power button, like at the front or the side, or literally anywhere on the back, like all the other small Mac desktops. Or at the top. That would've been fine too. But no, they chose behind the back corner, which is (sighs) just... I mean, I don't use that button very often. I don't really turn the Mac on and off with a button almost ever. I might sleep it and wake it back up, and maybe every couple of weeks, I'll have to remember that the button's back there. But yeah, it's just dumb enough to get memed on and complained about without actually being an issue. Well played, guy. But yeah, you know, the typical consequences of a computer getting smaller are battery, speakers, and thermals. There's just less room inside for those things. Battery of course doesn't make a huge difference on a desktop, who cares? Speakers, kind of the same thing, who cares? And thermals have been redesigned in a way that seem to be working just fine. This thing hardly gets over a peep. If you do heavy stuff, the single fan spins up and you can hear it, but it's always been quiet, sitting on the desk, you can hardly hear it. So then the number two insane thing about the new Mac mini is that the base model is kind of an incredible deal now. No, like I don't think you understand it. I think it's actually one of the best deals in tech. It's certainly the best out of any of Apple's new product offerings right now. And I mean, I'm kind of not used to saying it, but it is a really good deal. So this base M4 Mac mini costs 599, right? So for that, you get the base computer with the M4 chip, which has quietly doubled to 16 gigs of unified memory instead of eight from before. So the 10 core CPU and the 10 core GPU. Now we're four generations into Apple silicon and the gains are actually kind of starting to stack up versus M1. We already know it was a huge difference from the Intel chips, but I actually wanna get a little bit more into that in the MacBook Pro review because I've been using an M1 Max MacBook Pro for three years since it came out. And the M4 Max is the first one that's actually tempted me to upgrade between generations of Apple silicon. It's really interesting. So get subscribed and stay tuned for that video when it comes out. But the main thing you need to know is this base M4 chip is great, it's super solid and power efficient at everyday normal activities like web browsing and music streaming and multitasking like crazy. And it can handle what I think I would call medium-grade activities very easily. Not heavy stuff like graphically-intensive gaming or a heavy video editing, but pretty much anything short of that. This could be a coding and developing machine, this could be a photo editing machine. Pixelmator runs like a dream. And fun fact, Apple just bought Pixelmator, interestingly. But yeah, just having a ton of Arc tabs open, stuff like that, like just running around, multitasking, it runs like a dream, it's great. It's as good as you'd expect the world's fastest single core performer to do. So yeah, Mac mini, you know, four years, like I said, it has been the most affordable Mac, the sort of entry point for anyone to get into Mac OS. But this year with the doubling of the base memory, it just feels like a particularly good deal. Think of it this way, the M4 iMac that also just got refreshed is basically the exact same computer, but just in an upright desktop with a non replaceable display. That starts at $1,299. So you can use that $700 difference to kind of get whatever screen you want. Now, you can obviously also upgrade from the base Mac mini, but I don't think you should, and I'll explain why. See, Apple is known for building what I've called a price ladder, and they're just trying to get you to climb as high as possible. They do this across all their products, but there's basically always a really tempting upgrade sitting right above the base model. And then when you spend that money, you're kind of right underneath another tempting upgrade, and then they kind of walk you up, trying to get you to spend as much money as possible. It's really smart, they do it with iPhones and with iPads and with everything else. This base Mac mini, I'm telling you is a good deal, but it only has 256 gigs of storage. And many people are fine with that and they can live with that, that's great. But if you know you're gonna be working with a lot of media, a lot of video, then you start looking at upgrades to the storage, and that's where you'll find that walking it up to a terabyte costs 400 more dollars. Or if you plan to do some wired networking, bumping it up to 10 gig ethernet costs 100 more dollars on top of that. for the price of just those upgrades, you could almost get an entire nother MAC mini. It's crazy. Like basically, across the board, Apple's upgrade pricing is pretty crazy with this computer, which is why I'm specifically saying the base model is such a good deal. And actually if you're lucky enough to have a .edu email address right now, the student discount drops it down to 499, which is sick. But once you know you're gonna be doing upgrades to the pre-purchase spec, which you have to know before buying it, 'cause you can't upgrade it after the fact, all the memory, everything is built in, then it becomes more of a normal deal. I do wanna say this though. So the third and final crazy thing about this Mac Mini is that the maxed out version has a case for the best portable workstation Mac. Now this doesn't apply to everybody. This is coming from me, someone who used to drag an iMac Pro in a Pelican case through the airport to events because it was the fastest editing machine that I could reasonably travel with, and it actually made sense for me. So coming from that perspective, this new Mac mini is sick. So looking at the Mac Studios, those aren't upgraded to M4 yet, they've all got the M2 generation. And it's also not gonna be the Mac Pro, which is also still on the M2 generation and obviously not portable. The iMac is on M4, but there's no Pro chips, so it's just the base M4 chip. So this Mac mini is the easiest way to pack an M4 Pro chip with you and just throw it in a travel bag super easily. An equivalent spec'd MacBook Pro with M4 Pro starts at $2,000, which is actually another decently good deal as far as performance. But if you don't need a laptop or if you just wanna plug and play into monitors wherever you go, 1399 gets you the M4 Pro Mac mini. And that upgrade also gets you the back Thunderbolt ports being Thunderbolt 5 instead of Thunderbolt 4. So it can support three 6K displays instead of two. So I've had and been testing the M4 Pro here with 48 gigs of memory, and fun fact, if you run through some synthetic benchmarks, this runs up the highest CPU score of any desktop Mac ever. That includes the Mac Pro and the Mac Studios and all of them. This is by far the most powerful single core we've ever seen by a lot. And then Multi-Core just barely tops Geekbench's all time Mac list, though as we know, CPU doesn't really bump up all that much when you go from base to Pro to Max to Ultra, it's way more GPU stuff. And so when you look at GPU benchmarks, the most powerful Mac mini here with the M4 Pro, it was putting up M1 Max numbers, which again, shows how much these generations over time have been improving and stacking on top of each other. I've been editing videos on an M1 Max laptop for three years now on the MacBook Pro. So this Mac mini feels like one of those impossibly small computers Apple's like always kind of wanted to make, even before Apple silicon. Like you probably remember some of their earlier attempts, like the "Trashcan" MAC Pro, no doubt, they wanted do something crazy. They wanted to put a workstation-class computer on the desk cooled by a single fan. We saw how that went with the Intel chip inside, or even some of those razor thin i9 MacBook Pros that started having overheating issues. But now that Apple silicon has gotten this good and this efficient over time, they're actually able to make tiny, powerful computers like the Mac Studio and now like this little Mac mini over here. Nobody was asking for the Mac mini to be even smaller, except for those people in the Spaceship Campus somewhere in California. Well played. Thanks for watching. Catch you guys in the next one. Peace. (chilled electronic music)

  Top Comments:
  1. @pistolpete023 [3 likes]: I'll tell you why the power button is under the unit. It's a child-proofing feature. Anyone with a toddler knows when they see a button, they automatically want to press it. Putting the button out of view saves parents a lot of headache.
  2. @leonardopineda3829 [2 likes]: The power button location is really a dumb thing!
  3. @xanderneal6856 [1 likes]: and now it's jumped up $200. :(
  4. @damiancontreras7381 [1 likes]: When is the Mac mini m5 coming out?
  5. @TechDoctorUS: great video
  6. @rehova: Well played guy
  7. @jonniebox9656: Do you get paid by Apple to do these? Just curious
  8. @dave-cripps: To be fair, I never turn my mac mini off. It's my network server and local AI chat bot.
  9. @GragonV: So number 2 is invalid then?
  10. @Derek-km1bc: Who’s back for this video after the announcement of Cook’s step down and Ternus’s as new CEO and realising he is the key figure behind the redesign and upgrades of this Mac mini 4 and Mac  Neo. Exciting to see a new side of apple in close future!!
  11. @itisfine4now: I have this computer. I love it. I also bought the Satechi ST-GNMMES hub. It addresses more outputs, access to off switch and memory.
  12. @crownspecialties: The conspiracy theory isn’t some guy Apple making these little quirks on each device it’s that they want you to leave the computer on so they can listen to you! 😮😂
  13. @MikeJones-oe3do: Good vid 👍
  14. @AnikaKeyandCo: Such a great video! I'm a year late, but found this video looking to by a mini. This video helped me make my decision.
  15. @Bullwinkle7678: If you need all this storage, then you would just use an external hard drive via usb C, or a NAS server
  16. @Stanox-Tech: I got the maxed-out M4 Pro Mac mini for a year now, and it's really incredible
  17. @unclefart5527: I'll go out on a limb and bet the M5 mini is incredible.
  18. @nassimabed: About storage: It's a desktop. You can expand storage with third-party external HDDs. I do photography editing using DarkTable, which is notoriously slower and more hardware-demanding than CaptureOne. I edit .nef off the D810. Those are 38MB a pop. Working off an HDD hooked via USB (USB 2 not even USB-C) is smooth without any lag. I don't know about video though. So paying for those internal SSD upgrades? No thanks. Get a 4TB Seagate IronWolf in a cheap external "shoe" linked to one of those back-side USB ports and you're good.
  19. @benlau2045: @3:57 it is played by apple every year to ensure u are gonna upgrade anytime soon
  20. @MulyadiRahmat: I get what Marcus is saying.

I switched to macOS Tiger after getting fed up with Windows XP and bought a white iBook with a CD drive. Two weeks later, Apple announced the Intel MacBook. Since then, I’ve stopped buying Apple machines brand new.

While Marcus is talking about the M4 Mac mini, I picked up a used M2 Pro Mac mini. I like macOS and the Apple ecosystem. It’s not strictly better than Windows. For me, buying used makes more sense. AppleCare doesn’t feel worth it.

- I Turned 4 Mac Minis Into Specialized AI Agents (OpenClaw Episode 2): Kind: captions Language: en Yo, what's going on everyone? This is Kevin from Kevin Builds, and welcome to episode two of setting up four Mac minis on Open Claw. What we did yesterday is I showed you exactly how we set up Open Claw on three Mac minis. So, if you want to watch a tutorial, I'll leave a link up on the card up there. You can see exactly how we streamed everything, how we set up Open Claw. What I'm going to be doing with this series is I guess documenting um the entire process. So, I'm going to be showing you exactly what I'm building and some of the uh troubleshooting that I've got to do. So, let me just explain what I've done since yesterday. So, as you guys know, I set up all these bots on um Sonnet 4.6. So, I'm using the Open Router key. Put every single one of these on Sonnet 4.6. As soon as I got onboarded, I switched it over to Haiku. Um this is just to save some money on there cuz Sonnet can get expensive if you're running it on four machines at once. On one machine, it isn't so bad. If you're just using Open Claw on one Mac mini, I'd recommend using Sonnet uh 4.6 Open Router {slash} Anthropic {slash} Sonnet 4.6. I'd recommend using that model. It's um very useful. It can do a lot and it's a lot cheaper than Opus. But, on these we set them up on Haiku. And uh pretty much, I'm going to walk you through uh what my plan was when I started and how it failed and how I'm pivoting. So, what I did is my original goal was to go ahead and make sure these were all linked up into one kind of brain so they can work together. But, the problem is it's a little bit uh introduces some security vulnerability. So, I didn't want to do that cuz the process would have been I have my main Mac mini. Um I use that gateway to go ahead and link up all the Mac minis. But, I don't want to do that cuz then it exposes it and I don't want to get hacked. It doubles the risk having um everything on one gateway. So, instead what I'm doing is for all four of these Mac minis, I'm going to have each one of them isolated. So, my main Mac mini is going to be more of like my strategist, the person that knows what's going on in the business, it knows my goals, and it knows what we need to build. Um and we're going to have all of this linked through Supabase. So, I already created um a project in Supabase to go ahead and have every one of these uh machines upload everything into Supabase into the database so my main Mac mini can go ahead and see what's going on. But, I'll kind of explain this Mac mini over here on the right. This one we just configured on the Haiku model. We haven't really done anything over here yet. Same with this one over here. This is the first one we're working on. This is going to be the media bot. So, the way I'm going to have the system set up instead of doing the gateway thing is I'm still just going to have all of these isolated. So, they're all going to be in their own environment and they're all going to have one goal. Now, with Telegram over here, um if you're just running Open Claw on one Mac mini, you can have all your skills loaded. Like, for example, if I just go in here and I type in menu, um what it'll do is it'll go ahead and um text me all the skills that we've got and I can go ahead load up any one of them. So, we'll just wait for it over here. Um you can see that I saved up all my skills. Uh I told it this menu command, "Hey, I want you to save this command as menu to go ahead open up all my skills." And then I'll just type in any one of these and it'll load up the project and I can go ahead generate it. So, if you're running off of one Mac mini right now, you can just set up this prompt, um create your skills over here, then load up your skills. But, what I'm going to be doing is um I'm just going to have each one of these machines have their own context. They only do one thing for now. And then as we get everything built up correctly, then we'll go ahead and um add in some more services. So, the way I've been setting all of this up and the way I'd recommend you to set it up is uh using ChatGPT. Now, before it was a little bit iffy because uh 5.2 wasn't really the best. But, since 5.4 is out, I've noticed a big difference in the kind of responses I'm getting from ChatGPT. So, what I'm making sure I'm doing on this run is I'm running everything through ChatGPT first because I need to make sure that it's set up correctly. On my first Open Claw, I was a little bit just free-flowing, just talking with the bot, spending up uh or running up a lot of credits on there. Uh so, what I'm doing differently is I just want to make sure this system is set up correctly. We've got the foundation right so everything can work good. And just to show you over here, this is how long the thread was. I mean, I was talking with it forever last night just building up all these things over here. But, I would recommend doing this. If you're just running off of one uh Mac mini, have a open I have a ChatGPT open on the left and then talk with it on the right and it'll go ahead implement everything. But, what we're doing on this bottom one over here, I'll kind of explain it a little bit. Right now, we are um doing the video system. So, this machine over here, its only goal is to create videos for me. So, what I've done is I've added my B-roll in here. Last night it was downloading. We've got a lot of videos. So, what I do is I just add it in here. Let me go ahead open up this folder. There are a lot of videos. So, what I have to do is I have to open up these folders, grab all of these, put it in this folder. Right. So, all I'm doing over here is I'm downloading my videos locally because on our video system, what we do is um we put all of our B-roll locally and then the bot is able to go into our files, see what kind of B-roll we have, it can process it. Um it does it frame by frame. It adds notes for each one of the videos. So, when it does the video editing, it knows exactly which videos to pull from. Like, if I'm talking in a video and I'm saying something about patio washing, I don't want him to put a driveway washing clip. So, it analyzes every single video, it adds notes, and then it'll go ahead make sure that the B-roll is okay. If you guys saw my other video where we generated millions of views, um on there you can see that for every video that we do, if you go to my channel Pressure Washing Plays, the B-roll for the most part is is different on all the videos. So, that's been working great as well. So, what I'm going to be doing on this machine right here is downloading the videos and then the next step is I have to tell the bot to go ahead process everything. So, what I'm doing with my first Mac mini is it's going to be the orchestrator. That's who I'm going to talk to when I need to plan out what I need to do for business, any kind of skills I need to build out, what's the right way to build them. I'm going to talk over there. And then my second machine is going to be a coding machine. So, this one we're going to have set up on Open uh it's going to be Open Router {slash} OpenAI {slash} 5.4. 5.4 is the best coding model right now. It can get a little bit expensive, but I just want it on that machine. It knows exactly what to do. You can build crazy apps. If you guys saw my website video, I keep linking videos, but you know, there's just so much to build on Open Claw. Um it can code websites really good. I was using Gemini um for that one, but now I'm going to switch over to 5.4 to go ahead code up the website cuz it's already got the information. And if you guys want any of the skills uh that you see over here on the left, I have spent a lot of time building up these skills. It's all available in the school group down below. I'm going to leave it pinned in the comments and in the description if you want to join. But, that second machine is going to be 5.4. This machine over here, I need to see what model I'm going to use. I'm probably going to use Sonnet 4.6, maybe Haiku. Um I just need to see what kind of quality the uh the videos are. But, on this one, it's going to be the media machine. And then this machine over here is going to be browser automation. So, if I have any clients on GoHighLevel and I need them to onboard my clients, do the custom values, the custom fields, go to their ads manager, launch up some campaigns, go to the website builder, adjust the custom values, adjust the colors. Um what we use on this is we use Playwright. So, you can see over here, we've got this um Chrome extension called Playwright, which What essentially what it is is it'll record your screen and it'll record every click you do. So, if I click on this, it'll record it over here and it does all the code. As soon as you do a recording on here, this is how you're doing the browser automation. You copy this code, you give it to your bot, and you save the script. The cool thing about running that script though is that um once you get it built out, you just build it out one time, do all the clicks you need to do, and then it can run pretty much for free cuz it's just running off of a script. So, the only thing you have to keep in mind is if the platform you're using, if they're constantly changing the way it looks, if they're adding new tabs and stuff, you may have to update the script. So, I would just keep that in mind. But, this machine over here is going to be the browser automation for client fulfillment, client onboarding, that sort of stuff. And then it'll also be the machine that I use to do all of my research. So, if I needed to go check the YouTube Analytics uh API, the data API, reporting API, Brave Search, um searching on Google, seeing new trends, all that kind of stuff, uh searching up on X as well. It'll be This machine will be responsible for all of that. And if you're going to be scraping on X, you know, just one thing I found, you can't really use an Open Router model. The uh Grok model on Open Router, it cannot uh scrape X. So, the only thing is if you want to scrape X, you have to go to the actual website, the actual X developer website, and get an API key over there, hook up a card, add in some credits, and then boom, you can go ahead scrape. It is pretty expensive though. Um I I don't have the price off the top of my head, but it does get pretty expensive. But, that's just pretty much the rundown. So, all of that I'm going to do today is I'm going to make sure each bot is configured right. Um after this video, what we're going to do is we're going to go ahead make sure that this media system on this Mac over here is working good. Then we're going to proceed with Mac 2 and Mac 4. And then once all of this is done, hopefully I can get it done by the end of the day today. I still have to get on a couple of calls for um my agency and stuff. So, I'm running both of them at the same time. I should probably also say this. So, if you're using Open Claw right now and you want to go all in, I mean, I'm all in on Open Claw. I really believe in it. I think this is the future, at least for someone in the agency space where you come from a background of having to hire virtual assistants and delegating your tasks because your tasks should be more focused on the vision of the business rather than doing the mundane day-to-day stuff. I'm okay with, you know, spending hours upon hours. I mean, I didn't go to sleep till 4:00 in the morning last night um setting all this stuff up. I am perfectly fine doing that um because I know down the road it's going to save me a ton of money and it's going to let me scale up my businesses a lot faster because I don't have to spend a lot of time hiring people, spending a lot of money on different talent. I don't really need to do any of that. I can just set up my Open Claws to run 24/7 doing this kind of work for me. And then eventually, the only person I need to hire is a manager to manage the whole entire system. That's kind of the way the future is looking. And I would say a lot of people, they just aren't on this kind of stuff. I mean, a lot of people are using Open Claw for basic things. They're talking to it like it's ChatGPT. That's what 90% of people do. I do not fall into that boat. I don't believe in that. I want to stay ahead and I want to have a competitive edge. I mean, that's how we're able to generate millions of views. My competitors aren't doing it. They can probably find this YouTube channel and start building the system, but the thing is, I am so all in on this that I don't care if they know my system cuz I'm just not going to stop doing it and I'm committed to it. So, if you guys did enjoy the video or have any kind of questions about the open claw, um feel free to join the group down below, pinned in the comments, or just leave a comment with your thoughts on the video. I'm going to keep uploading these videos as we have new progress. So, this is going to be episode two, episode three probably tomorrow, but um yeah, if you guys enjoyed the video, leave a like, comment, subscribe, and I will see you on the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @lukaloehr [2 likes]: nice video! keep up the good work
  2. @cybergnetwork588 [1 likes]: Exposes it to what? Your LAN? lol Also, why not 3 x docker containers running in a single Mac Mini?
  3. @kevenbuilds: If you want a custom AI system, automation, or internal tool built for your business, book a call with me here: https://api.leadconnectorhq.com/widget/bookings/custom-ai-system-build-quote

You describe what you need built — I’ll map out the best way to do it and, if it’s a fit, I can build it for you.
  4. @ochoax2628: You showed nothing... just bla bla bla.. what's the real work?
  5. @ashton.scott787: Good Content, i find your videos a lot more helpful than others on this topic

- I bought a Mac Mini instead of a $10,000 Server: Kind: captions Language: en Making videos takes up a lot of storage space, literally terabytes. And while I do have this epic 45 drive storinator, 200 terabytes of hard drives in there, 18 Xeon W cores, many gigabytes of RAM, heck, there's even a GPU for transcoding. Hard drives, they're just not that great for video editing. I mean, sure, they can be made to work. You sprinkle a little SSD and RAM caching in there, but this NAS, it was never built for that. And as it's gotten fuller and fuller, it's gotten slower and slower. Fortunately, our friends over at Kioxia heard my cries and sprung into action, sending over this pair of absolutely insane 30 terabyte CM7 enterprise NVMe SSDs. These are PCIe Gen 5, baby, for me to build my very own high-speed video editing server and give old Bessie here a break. It's just that things have been really busy. And in those few months of procrastination, everything computer-related has gotten obscenely expensive. I think my dream editing server is just going to have to wait. What can't wait is the YouTube videos. So, I need something else to plug these into. What about a Mac? I've never used a Mac as a NAS before. I mean, I do have this Mac mini conveniently sitting right here. You want me to pair that with 60 terabytes of enterprise SSDs? Huh. When you think about it, these Mac minis, they're so cheap. For $399 USD with an M4, it's base as it gets. It doesn't have 10 gig ethernet. Well, we don't need that where we're going. But what it does have is a heart of gold. 10 Apple M4 cores, 100+ gigabytes of memory bandwidth, only gigabit ethernet, but it doesn't matter because we have not one, not two, but three Thunderbolt 4 ports. All of that for $399. It's frankly overkill if we were to plug hard drives into this, which to be honest, I probably should have started with that before jumping all the way up to these. [laughter] Now, these aren't the actual drives we're going to be using. These are some mixed-use PCIe Gen 4 drives. These are quite stout. They are 6.4 TB, but the main story here is being mixed-use optimized. Their write speeds are way faster than the SSDs I've used from Kioxia before. But, we're getting some of 30 TB drives. They're in the mail right now, but I simply could not wait to try this. It's not like we need the 30 TB drives if I can't even get this to work anyways. And this is how we're going to do it, at least in theory. I don't know how to say the name Trebleet Trebleet, but Ah! Inside this very box, oh my god. Oh boy. You know, I could have done this in a tasteful manner. Is this Thunderbolt to U.2 enclosure. And not just one of them. I've got two. I even got this freaking 25 gigabit Thunderbolt dock. So, we're going to be taking advantage of all three of our Thunderbolt ports. I didn't even realize, but this actually has a pass-through port. So, I could probably take like two more of these and use four drives, but it would start to get kind of expensive. I mean, they have a Thunderbolt 4 version, but I think it's getting phased out. So, this is definitely on the pricier side. We're not going to be able to take advantage of all of that speed, but we still have 40 gigabit or so to work with. So, we should be able to get somewhere in the neighborhood of 3 to 4 GB per second out of each of these SSDs, including the 30 TB drives when we get those so we can have a 60 TB Mac mini. I do wonder how loud this is going to be. I mean, in the grand scheme of things, it's going to be way quieter than a proper server. So, I mean, I'm not going to complain too much, I think. There's the power brick, 12 V 4 A 48 W. I could actually replace this with USB-C if I wanted, maybe. Huh. Hey, look at that. So, I mean, the cooling design I think makes a lot of sense. It's just a giant block of like extruded aluminum on the bottom there, and then the fan blows right on the SSD. It's just that like every commercial SSD like this is not designed for airflow from that direction. It's meant for for air to flow front to back like it would in a server. This is going to be the easiest server build of my life. And if you're interested in this Trebleet Thunderbolt 5 U.2 enclosure, they also have some M.2 enclosures, or the 25 gig dongle, or a Mac mini, I'll have links down in the description where you can get all of those. This thing is so cool. I've bought 25 gig dongles for Thunderbolt before, from I think Sonnet or Atto, and they're like a thousand USD plus. This light one from Raiden Digit is a dual 25 gig hub, so it also has SD cards, it's got Thunderbolt pass-through, it's got type A ports, it's got display port, it's got a fan. And I think they're like 360 USD right now. And look how cute it is. They even include the Thunderbolt cable you need, a power cable, 140 watt ready, and 140 watt gallium nitride charging brick for that money. Honestly, kind of a steal of a deal. Of course, since this dock is only Thunderbolt 3, we have a max of 40 gigabit before overhead even. So, we're of like 50 gigabit of networking here, but you can at least use the two ports for say high availability to a switch in our definitely very highly available Mac NAS. >> [laughter] >> At a certain point, the story isn't so much the raw read and write speed. I mean, sure, we can ingest media from a bunch of cards really fast, and that's great, but my hard drive NAS can do that, too. The story here is about random reads and writes. When an editor is editing away on a video, and they're scrubbing around the timeline, or they have to change a bunch of clips, or search the directory for a bunch of clips, it'll be fine until that hard drive NAS runs out of cache, and at that point, it'll become dog One of these SSDs could run laps around all 30 of the hard drives in my hard drive base NAS. Multiple laps. >> And that's what we're going for. Let's turn the Mac on. I'm just so nervous. Well, look at that. Thunderbolt Ethernet slot one, port one. That's working. How fast? It's at 10 gig right now. That's good to see. Okay, so we've got at least 10 gigabit Ethernet. Wow, that thing's getting warm. And look at that. Both of our SSDs are detected. This is good news. The core pieces here are working. All that we have left to figure out, very small very very small part of the puzzle, is the software. It's not actually a small part of the puzzle. It is this kind of the whole It's the whole thing. I honestly have no idea if macOS has like a built-in software RAID. Windows, of course, does. I mean, it's not great, but it least works. Yo, there is. What? I mean, I guess it makes sense. I just had no idea. We're not going to do this in the long term if this system actually works at all, but I'm going to do a RAID zero, so we'll be splitting any files we write to it across both of the drives and getting the performance of both. I don't know what's going to be the best chunk size. If you're using this for something like a database, where the file and Carlo, what are you doing? Can I help you? When you're making a RAID array, you want the chunk size, which is the pieces it breaks the files into, to be sized according to your workload. So, if you're running a database on this, you would want the chunk size to be as small as possible because if they're giant chunk sizes, anytime it needs to access, say, 4 KB of data, it's going to have to read 128 or 256 KB, which is really inefficient. For my use case, where it's big video files, I could make this pretty big. It could be a slight benefit for sequential read and writes, maybe, but this is all so overkill anyways. I'm just going to do 128K. Look at that. We got speedy boy. 12 TB. Can't wait till that says 60. >> Yo, it's reading at almost 7 GB a second. And okay, to be clear, one of these SSDs can read easily at 7 GB per second. It can hit that all day pretty much, which is kind of the glory of these Kioxia SSDs. But, to see that on this Mac, and soon to be with 60 TB of storage, boom. Ooh, that's cooking. It's hitting like 2.6 GBits/s. That's pretty quick. That's about as fast as our network speed will probably go. So, at the very least, we should be able to saturate this network card, and the SSDs work. I mean, even just with macOS native RAID, is is this just going to be that easy? The 30 TB SSDs arrived. Woohoo! Give me all the terabytes. Ooh, look at that. Trebleet TBT 5. Let's go. >> [sighs] >> Both of our docks are showing, but neither of our SSDs are showing. They might not be compatible with these docks. There's some weirdness with PCIe Gen 5, certain firmwares on certain drives not being compatible with certain, like, U.2 U.3 controllers. So, I'm not entirely like shocked. Let me try it in the Mac mini. They're probably not going to work with the Mac mini, either, but at the very least, we can put the CD6 drives back in, and then I'll still have a very fast NVMe NAS on a $400 Mac mini. Let's see. Nope. Uh, I feel so destroyed right now. Usually, when you just plug a Gen 5 drive into a computer that's only Gen 4, the drive just goes, "Oh, crap." and then slows itself down to work. But, in this case, it is not. But, we are not lost. We will put our these ones back in, >> and continue forward. Clearly, our SSDs are plenty of fast in this configuration for what we're trying to do, which is great to see. But, for this Mac to become a NAS, or network attached storage, we need to get this storage not just attached to the Mac. It also needs to attach to our network. And luckily for us, Apple actually includes a way to share the storage on your Mac across the network. You just go into system settings, search for file sharing, and turn it on. We also need to select what folder we want to share because by default, it's just going to share the public folder. So, we'll go in here and select our speedy boy, and now our RAID 0 SSDs are being shared across the network. And to test that, I have my personal MacBook Pro over here, also with another one of our fancy 25 gig dongles. I've connected them both together with a Ubiquiti 25 gig SFP28 cable, and then configured static IPs on both sides so that we can individually mount each Mac. This is not the long-term plan. We'll have to put it down in the rack in a little bit, but for now, we can at least test it and see how fast it goes. And then we'll click connect. Hey, look at that. You're also going to want to hit the options button over here and enable Windows file sharing for the user that you're using. Otherwise, non-Macs won't be able to connect properly. But if you're like me and you want to be able to access the files on your Mac mini NAS when you're not home, an awesome way to do so is with today's sponsor Twinkate. Twinkate lets you access your network remotely in a secure way, kind of like a private VPN. But unlike most of those, it's actually really easy to set up. You just install the Twinkate connector. We'll use Docker Desktop on our Mac mini for that. It even generates the command for you. And within seconds, our Mac mini is ready to be accessed from anywhere without the security risk of port forwarding. I mean, check it out. I'm watching a video on my iPhone from our speedy boy NAS with Twinkate over cellular right now. And now that the connector is installed, you can share other devices on your network, too. You just have to add a resource in Twinkate like this cute dashboard I vibe coded for our Mac mini NAS, set a policy, and you can access that from anywhere, as well. And as a Twinkate customer of many years, I can confidently say that it is indeed awesome. And best of all, Twinkate's starter plan lets you invite up to five users, deploy it across 10 different networks, and share up to 20 different resources for free. So, what are you waiting for? Head to jacquet.com/twinsgate and try it out right now. What are you like just go, man. What is go. I've got the speedy boy drive up here on the left. I copied over a few more files. We got a 50 gig file here, a couple 10 gig ones. And then on the right is my desktop on my MacBook. I really want to see if we can saturate this 25 gig connection, which you know, accounting for a bit of overhead would probably put us just under 3 GB per second if we're actually hitting it. So, this is going from our speedy boy NAS to my MacBook. Oh, okay. It's not quite saturating it. I was getting 1.7 GB per second. I'm only going to be connecting to clients that are connected at 10 gig, but I don't know. I kind of expected it to go a little bit faster than that. Let's try going the other way. 1.2 GB per second. That's actually slowing down quite a bit. Let me do some looking. Okay, so I did a little bit of perusing in the SMB settings that you can change on Mac OS. A lot of the settings that people recommend you to change in here are defaults already like signing required equals no, which disables mandatory file encryption on the transfer. I think streams equals yes is already set to yes. The main thing that I changed was increasing the number of RSS channels. That's receive side scaling, which allows the file transfer to split into multiple streams and in theory use multiple threads on the CPU and go a little bit faster. The default is four. Changed it to eight. Don't know if it's actually going to work or make any difference, but worth a shot. Let's see if it's any faster. Before we were at like 1.7 GB per second. Holy it actually worked. 2.5 GB per second. Damn. Let's try a second copy at the same time. Maybe we can get closer. I think that this is probably getting close to capping out our kind of network link here. 2.6 GB per second. 2.62. It's not hitting the like crazy speeds I'm getting from server to client on the right speed, but it's doing, you know, 1 to 1 and 1/2 GB a second, which is still a lot better. I'm happy with that as long as it stays consistently that good. I did find some stuff online about the macOS file server not being able to handle RSS streams in high quantity when you're writing to it very well, so that might be why. I'll have to do a bit more tweaking and see if I can get the right speeds to be a little bit faster, but in the grand scheme of things, each individual like editing machine is only going to ever be writing at 1 GB a second at the absolute most pretty much, the same when we're ingesting footage. So, this is fine, but we need to test a video project and see what that's like because that's really what this is for. I've got DaVinci Resolve open on my MacBook here with the Sennheiser HDV 630 video I made. Let's see how the timeline performance is. This is interframe footage, which is really not the most optimal for a timeline performance, so I suspect that part of its hiccuping is my MacBook Pro having an aneurysm over it, but I mean other than that, it is working. Maybe I should have transcoded some footage. It was being a little cludgy when I first opened it as my MacBook tried to cache some of the effects at the start here like the rotoscoping around my head, but now that that is cached and rendered, I mean, this is working flawlessly. And if I switch over to the proxy media, which is ProRes, Oh, look at that. Look at that scrubbing. Oh my god. Wow. It doesn't actually push anywhere near as much data as you would think. I mean, you can look at our Mac Mini and it's like 6 to 10 MB per second as I'm scrubbing around. That's because the proxies are intraframe rather than interframe, so every single frame in that, let's say, 30 FPS video is stored essentially as like a photo rather than how it's done with interframe where >> [music] >> in broad terms, it just stores the differences between the frames. So, really, as I swipe through here, Resolve is just grabbing each individual frame. It's really efficient in its accesses, but that does mean as I'm swiping around like this, it's doing a lot of random reads and writes, and it's handling it flawlessly. I mean, as you move it around, like it it doesn't even pause, and it's just like it's not even there. Look at how beautiful that is. Holy! I mean, all right. This is all I needed to see. That's way more responsive than my hard drive based NAS. That's phenomenal. Before we go to deploy our Mac mini NAS actually in the rack and start using it, there's a couple more things we need to change. First, in the system settings, we're going to go to the energy tab here. We're going to enable prevent automatic sleeping when the display is off, so the Mac mini doesn't just go to sleep. And then, I'm also going to enable startup automatically after power failure, so that if the power goes out and our UPS dies, at least our Mac NAS will turn back on. The rest of the stuff in here can stay the same. You just might want to make a user. I'll I'll name it editor. Add editor to the speedy boy folder, have read and write access, and don't forget to enable Windows file sharing access for that editor user, and we're good to go. Cool. Now, when we map it on our new machine, we'll just use that editor user, and we'll be a little bit more secure. You also might be wondering if a setup like this can handle apps like a lot of other NAS systems can do, like a Plex media server or Jellyfin, Docker containers. And the answer is yes and no. For a lot of things, you can actually just install their desktop app. There's the Plex media server desktop app. That's probably easier to get rolling than a Docker container would be for normies. If you need Docker, you can just run it from the Docker desktop app, and you can set up a little interface like Dockage or Portainer, so that you have like kind of a visual way to manage it. All of that is super easy to do, maybe even easier if you're not command line friendly than it would be to roll your own NAS with TrueNAS or something. And it is worth mentioning that while this Mac mini is not repairable, neither are those like off-the-shelf two, four, six, eight bay NAS units that you can buy on Amazon or whatever. And this setup does actually have an advantage over those, at least some of them, in that it's upgradeable. You can start with hard drives and the onboard networking and maybe upgrade to a SATA SSD or two or NVMe drives if you're crazy like me and 25 gig networking. The world really is your oyster. Which I guess brings the question, is this the most cost-effective solution? For most people, probably not. On one hand, you could just buy like an old Dell Optiplex with an old Intel CPU for maybe 50, 60, 100 dollars on eBay that's already ready for you to slap in a hard drive and would support more mainstream NAS operating systems. But if you already have a Mac mini, an iMac, a MacBook Pro, any of those things just kicking around in your closet that you're not using, sure, I'm using a brand new Mac mini [music] and some balling SSDs and a balling network card, but this could legitimately be a pretty sick way to make use of a machine you're not already using. Just use some hard drives in a one bay hard drive dock or this dual bay one for 58 bucks. And you also don't have to go for a $400 25 gig dongle like I'm using. They make 10 gig dongles that are less than $100 or 5 gig dongle, you can get those for 30 bucks and still get quite a bit of performance. Heck, you could even use the onboard gigabit port. The point is, this works pretty great and honestly was really easy to set up. You could probably do it for less money, but I wouldn't have gained this knowledge along the way and you can't put a price tag on knowledge. And you wouldn't want to miss out on getting some knowledge. Maybe about how this setup works in the long term. So, get subscribed so you don't miss that because I'm actually I'm going to daily drive this for a bit [music] and and see how it is. Hopefully it doesn't go terribly and hopefully my editor doesn't hate me for doing this. Love you long time and maybe I'm sorry. So, thanks for watching. If you like this video, you want to check out any of the products we showed off, there'll be links down in the description. Down there, you can also get subscribed and comment what you think about this Mac mini NAS setup. It's not It's not pretty, but it does work. >> Bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @jakkuh_t [26 likes]: Access your network, business apps, or even Mac Mini NAS from anywhere, safely and securely with Twingate! https://jakkuh.com/twingate
  2. @PhillNSans: Literally the reason why the base Mac mini ran out. THANK YOU💀
  3. @laughingvampire7555: bruh, haven't you seen the iodyne NAS that the slow mo guys use? I bet you have even touch it.
  4. @erice3933: As a server guy, running a full blown server from home is crazy. The power and noise alone make it impractical. Not to mention the wasted compute unless you're running a hypervisor. I used to bring home big ol servers that were end of life until I realized I could do everything I wanted with a powerful NAS running Docker.
  5. @williamp6800: It could have 10Gb Ethernet.  At $100, it’s the only Mac mini upgrade from Apple that’s reasonably priced.
  6. @inam6983: Oh great! Now Mac Minis are unaffordable too 🤦‍♂
  7. @getkrushed17: I’m setting one of these up with an older i5 Max Mini I got for literally $50. It’s crazy how old minis are literally treated like garbage but still have a ton of uses
  8. @GodfreyMann: Mac Mini’s were redesigned over a decade ago with server capability, and Apple used to sell them with OS X server pre installed.  This video is simply reinventing the wheel…
  9. @Warlock8ZERO: How the hell are you meant to build a storage server like that without spending $10-20k??!
Is there an afordability hack I am missing or something, otherwise seems very out of reach.
  10. @josephmatvia8767: You should try this build using OpenZFS
  11. @mmhs04: Knock off LinusTT?? Its not bad but it feels like its mimicking LTT big time.
  12. @kevinlangleyjr.7: Those $400 Mac Minis are now $599 😭
  13. @bsrcl: when you did the RAID disk on the first product, must then delete the RAID and made on next product again because assigments to UUID maybe?
  14. @snakevalor8837: as much as i dislike some of apples stuff the m series mac minis are insane value wise at least m1 and now m4+
  15. @P-i1o-p7q: Great! But one question is left for me: how do you manage the auto disconnect issue on the mac?
  16. @Digital963: Bro that sweater is 🔥🔥🤌
  17. @hooked9042: Let us get something straight, Apple will NEVER be a server! Ever, Never!
  18. @dolex161: i just want to point out: "its so tiny 🥰"
  19. @Alex-hw3sg: Wtf is the point in turning a mac mini into a nas when you need to spend $600 bucks on a bunch of 3rd party enclosures costing MORE than the dam server!!!  Utter stupidity!
  20. @bensavarese-hill4459: Something that's worth emphasising for a Mac Mini M4 homelab setup is the incredible power efficiency, the M4 Minis idle about 4W and probably max out under extreme loads at only 20W. I use my Mini M4 for Jellyfin, and streaming 2-3 4K videos with transcoding is still only like 8W!

- Perfect 1L Homelab in 3 Upgrade Tiers Project TinyMiniMicro: Kind: captions Language: en Let's transform this 1 L PC we bought cheap off of eBay into a killer low power home lab or SMB server. By the time we're done, we're going to have plenty of cores, 96 GB of memory, 8 TB of NVMe storage. This thing's even going to have 10 G Ethernet. Even with all that, this thing is going to spend most of its days virtually silent just sipping power. Yeah, let's get to it. Hey guys, this is Patrick from STH and this is an HP Elite 600 G9. You may have seen our review as part of our tiny mini micro series where we look at the 1 L PCs from Lenovo, HP, and Dell and we review them as they could be both desktops but also home lab nodes. What we haven't done recently is we have not shown folks what you can do with these things if you want to turn them into an awesome home lab node. So, I thought, well, why don't we do that with this? So, in this video, we have 4 TB SSDs, we have 48 GB SODIMMs. Yes, they are a thing. We also have 10 G 2.5 G Ethernet adapters and we're going to show you how to do all of this and turn this little system into something that is completely awesome. And I just want to say thank you real quick to the STH YouTube members who made it making something like this possible by supporting STH so we can go and buy all the components that we put in here so we can show you something that's awesome and I think the home lab folks are going to absolutely love this. With that, let's get to it. Okay, so starting out, why don't we just look at this unit how it came real quick. So, first thing you're going to see is that we do have a Core i7. This is the Core i7 12700T. So, it's a 35 W TDP processor. 35 W I think is super important because frankly with a lot of home lab nodes, it really doesn't matter if you have a much faster CPU. What you want is really a lower power CPU because, you know, you don't want to pay those electric bills for a higher power one. And also, the lower power CPUs tend to yield lower noise and stuff. And so, you just don't want to hear them, right? And you'll see that this thing was nearly silent in our Project Tiny Mini Micro review and that's why we're using this as a base. Beyond the Core i7 though, there really wasn't much more to the system. I mean, we got it for only a little over $500 on eBay but we didn't really get a lot of extra features. But the nice thing is getting inside these systems, they are super serviceable. It's one screw, you pop the cover off, and now you're inside. And taking a look at what we got for just a little over $500, there's a couple things. So, first off, the memory in these is always kind of a bummer, right? We got a single channel of DDR5 and it's only a 16 GB DIMM in there. So, that's okay but we're going to upgrade that and I'm going to show you a couple options. It'd be nice if we actually could put this nicely. And then on the SSD side, there's one slot that was just not occupied. And then on the other slot, there's a 512 G NVMe SSD that's not very fast. Let's just be honest. And so, what I thought was, why don't we take this unit and I'm just going to show you what I would do to make something that's better in two different flavors. The first one is what I call kind of more of a value-conscious one. Now, there are three things that we're going to use that are in common between these builds. First, we're going to use just the overall shell. Second, we're going to use the Intel AX211 that gives us our Wi-Fi 6E option. And then the other thing is just the processor. Now, we're going to use Proxmox but if you were going to use the VMware lab, I would say actually just get the Core i5 with all P cores instead of having the P and E cores. VMware is not planning on supporting heterogeneous cores in or you know, for at least a while they told me. So, I would say stick with homogeneous cores with VMware but heterogeneous cores of P plus E cores if you're going to get anything else or you're going to use anything else. Okay, so first off, I think the the first configuration which is easiest is just however it comes, right? You don't have to spend a lot more and frankly, it is much less expensive to get anything in a used system than it usually is to upgrade later. But that starting point with the used system also can be quite interesting. So, for example, um you know, this system has a total of 16 GB in a single DIMM. Now, what I would personally do is upgrade this to a second 16 G DIMM and give 32 GB which I think is darn good. But if you want to go a step further, you can get two 32 G DIMMs and throw them in here and that gives you 64 GB of memory which makes this a very capable node. So, I'm going to do that right now. And that's it. It takes less than a minute to go install two 32 G DIMMs and they're pretty easy to find, frankly. Now, once that's done, the next question is what are we going to do for networking? Frankly, the 1 G networking plus the Wi-Fi is okay but I think we could do something a little bit better and so for that, we're going to pop out the little HP FlexIOV2 module which has two USB ports which I love USB ports but we're not going to use them here. And instead, what we're going to use is we're going to use a 2.5 G Ethernet module. Now, if you want to find the model numbers for all the stuff, we're going to have them linked in the description but we'll also have main site articles and and forums posts where all the stuff is so you can learn a little bit more about like, you know, what these are and what have you. Okay, so when you have the FlexIOV2 module, what you're going to do is you just basically pop this little sucker in and it pops in like this and we're already there with our 2.5 G Ethernet port. So, now we have a 1 G Ethernet port along with a 2.5 G Ethernet port. We have 64 GB memory. That's pretty good. But let's go a step further and let's just go add another SSD. Okay, so for this, we're going to go and add a 4 TB Rocket 4 Plus Sabrent SSD. These things are very fast. I just want to point out one thing real quick which is William who does the marketing for Sabrent now. Used to be our SSD reviewer on the STH main site. And so, that's how we got these drives and that's why we're using them. There are of course other options but why not why not use something fun and fast because Bill sent them. And to install, you literally just go pull up the little thermal flap, you pop it in, and then then it's one screw. Woo! Okay, so now after our arduous 3 minutes of installing stuff, we have a 12 core 20 thread Core i7 processor. We have 64 GB of memory, a half TB boot NVMe SSD, a 4 TB data SSD. And in terms of networking, we have 1 G Ethernet, 2.5 G Ethernet, and then also Wi-Fi 6E. This is absolutely plenty and frankly, this is a great desktop as well as a Proxmox or other kind of, you know, Linux, Ubuntu, whatever virtualization server. This thing is absolutely awesome at this point. So, why don't we go one step further and that's what we're going to do next. So, let's start again with the RAM. 64 GB, that's not enough and it's nowhere even close to being enough. So, we got to go up there. Okay, so for the memory instead of these 32 G SODIMMs, we're going to use these right here which are Mushkin Redline non-binary DIMMs. And what we mean by non-binary is that the capacity is not a power of two. Instead of being 1 2 4 8 16 32 G DIMMs, these DIMMs are 48 GB each. So, we have these non-binary ones so we get two 48 G DIMMs for 96 GB of memory. Ooh, that was really hard, right? No, no, it was super easy. Okay, now these now we have our 96 GB of memory installed and something that, you know, a lot of folks don't know is that this system will actually recognize the non-binary memory. I know a lot of folks these things are very new and sometimes you some of the big OEM systems don't recognize the stuff right out of the box but this did. So, I was really surprised with that and it's just something that's kind of nice. Okay, now that's done. Let's talk about storage for a sec. Now, we already have that 4 TB drive in there but what if we went a little bit bigger? What if what if instead of doing a 4 TB drive, we did a mirrored 4 TB setup? This is a DRAM-less SSD, not very fast. And so, I figured why even use that? Instead, let's go pull out another Sabrent Rocket 4 Plus 4 TB drive. Now, you could use 8 TB SSDs of course in this but those tend to be a lot more on a cost per TB basis and that's why we're using 4 TB drive. It's the same reason actually that we're using the Core i7 instead of the Core i9. There is one thing though on on something like this that's really important that's different in the system. So, when you have one of these SSDs, you're going to see with the 4 TB SSD, we have components both on the top as well as the bottom. And you might ask, well, why does that matter? Well, HP had by default these like little these little thermal pads that are in here. And with these little thermal pads, you can't actually put this SSD and have it lie properly. So, what you have to do is actually pull out the little thermal pad and then you can go and install this thing very, very easily. Now, this system can support two pretty darn fast PCIE Gen 4 SSDs like we have here. But I do want to just point out that I think a lot of folks will want lower speed SSDs especially when you have two of them just because, you know, frankly, this is going to be a little bit more of a struggle to cool for the system than the lower power lower speed SSDs. Okay, so let's talk about networking. We already have our 96 GB of memory. We have 8 TB of NVMe SSDs that are going to be really cool when we show you how we're going to set them up. But then, you know, the networking kind of is not great, right? We have the Intel 1 G NIC that's kind of standard on the motherboard. But then we have this FlexIO NIC which, you know, is is okay at 2.5 G but we want something faster than 2.5 G, right? Well, what about if there was 10 G? And I'll just show you these side by side. This is the 2.5 G, this is the 10 G. You'll see that we actually have larger connectors on the 10 G one. So, these are only for I think they might work on the G6 and now like G8 G9 systems. So, if you want to go back, you can totally go back and and install these. But this is a Marvell Aquantia NIC. We'll have the part number of course down below. And you can buy these things and put them directly into the system very easily. Now, probably going to use Brian's hands for installing this with some B-roll. So, thank you to Brian for doing that. You pretty much just line it up, put it in place, and you're ready to go. And as some bonus content, if you want to print a 3D bracket, you can actually do a project like installing this Innodisk M.2 to 10GBASE-T adapter and get a second 10 G Ethernet port. We'll have more on this on the STH main site but it is possible. We're just not going to do it for our main build. Okay, so for a quick recap, we have our 12 core Core i7 processor, 96 GB of memory. We have 8 TB in two 4 TB NVMe SSDs. And these are PCIE Gen 4 so they are wicked fast. And then we also have our 10 G Ethernet, our 1 G Ethernet, and we have our Wi-Fi 6E. So, next thing is like, let's go install an OS on this. And for this, I want to install Proxmox. We've been using Proxmox since I think like 2013, 2014, or something like that. So, almost a decade in production in colocation. And I have some thoughts on how I would set this up versus some other options out there. Okay, now it's time to set up Proxmox and this follows the normal Proxmox install. There are two things though I want to point out that we're going to do. The first one is that we're going to set our boot to a ZFS mirror, right? Because it's really a good idea to have some kind of mirror in your home lab. You may not want to do that, and you may frankly not care if you are just like, "Hey, I'm going to back everything up. I just want the maximum capacity." You could do these two drives in RAID 0 and have 8 TB. You could go up to 8 TB drives up to 16 TB. There are a whole bunch of different things you could do for a little system like this. So, just because I always run Proxmox in RAID 1 for boot drives, that's what we're going to do here. Now, the second thing is super important, and that's that you want to make sure that the IP address and the NIC that you're using for your setup is the 1 gigabit Ethernet, not the 10 gigabit NIC. The reason for that is I personally really like to have an out-of-band-ish management port that I can go and connect to a dedicated management network. So, what we're going to do here is we're going to use that 1 gig network for our management, getting to that management interface, logging in via SSH, also doing things like doing all the updates and all that kind of stuff you would want to do. And we're going to do that on the 1 gig NIC. Now, once we're in Proxmox, that doesn't mean that we're not going to use that 10 gigabit Ethernet. Instead, what we're going to do is we're going to log on, we're going to do all of our normal setup stuff. Okay, now before we do any of the virtual machines, what I want to do real quick is I'm going to create a network bridge. We're going to create that network bridge in Proxmox on that 10 gig Ethernet port. Now, this is something that a lot of folks get it confused with, but the way to think about it is we just want to expose that 10 gig Ethernet port to the world. We don't necessarily need this thing to have its IP address because we're not going to be addressing the machine via that port. Now, if you're using OVS, it's a pretty similar process, but we're going to do the easy mode and just do the Linux bridge here. Okay, now let's just go through the process of creating a VM as an example. And this one we're just going to use as a Docker host. This could be a Kubernetes host. It could just be a normal VM, whatever you want. Now, the first thing that we need to do is we need to go and get an Ubuntu image on here, so we've just done that. Now, since we did so many hardware upgrades, we get a ton of really cool features when we go build this VM. For our storage, we can put this on the ZFS RAID 1 array, so we just have automatically, you know, mirrored storage on here. That's super easy. In terms of memory, we can add a ton of memory and actually a pretty good amount of CPU as well. We're going to put our networking set to the bridge that is associated with our 10 gig Ethernet network because that's obviously the one that we want all of our VMs to have access to if we want them to go fast. And that was super easy. Other fun things you could do with this, there are things like LXC containers for doing a file share and easy NFS file share. You can also set up things like Samba NFS, all that kind of stuff right on the ZFS shares as bare metal, but it also might be a little bit easier to manage file sharing using an LXC container or VM. Since we have 4 TB of storage, you have plenty to go and do things like just have a file share, especially if you just have like documents and stuff that you want to share on your network. And you might also want to do backups. We have our ASUSTOR on the network, so you can totally go do that very easily by just importing that as a share, and we're ready to go. One of the nice things with Proxmox is that backup is super easy, it's built in, and uh you don't need other like third-party tools to go do it. Now, if you want to do other things like have a little Kubernetes cluster all built up on this thing, there are plenty of guides on how to go do that. You have plenty of CPU, memory, networking, storage, all that to go and build a Kubernetes cluster on here. Overall though, this is an awesome little box for a server. Now, let's talk about power consumption real quick. Um so, we have a load that is running on this that we're running at about 75% load right now. So, the CPU is being pretty taxed, I would say. Okay, and so real quick, uh we we this thing is now turned on, and uh you know, you can hear it's it's not very loud. It's not silent. You can you can hear a fan if you go right up to it, but if it's sitting anywhere away from you, you're just you're just not going to hear this thing. In our 34 dBA noise floor studio, we're now pushing around 35, 36, 37 dBA, something like that. So, this is still running very quiet even at 70% load, which is awesome. In terms of power consumption, our idle power consumption is now up to about 11 W, which is much higher than it was when we just had our base configuration. And right now we're running in our 70% load or 75% load configuration, we're running at about 42 to 45 W. Okay, so for all these, I like to have key lessons learned, but for this one, I think we're going to change that up a little bit. I want to show you just some of the other things you can do. So, for example, if you have the 10 gigabit Ethernet, you get a lot of people are saying like, "Hey, I'd rather have SFP+ cuz that gives us access to like MikroTik switches." I totally get it. Um but if you do have 10GBASE-T, and you're looking for something that's relatively inexpensive, we have uh this new Hasivo unit over here. We're going to have a second one that's arriving uh later this week, but this is a 8-port managed 10GBASE-T switch that we're going to do a review on pretty soon. This thing is only $245. We're waiting for the PoE version, which is coming, but uh this thing is an awesome value, especially for, you know, a 10GBASE-T switch. And I know there are going to be a ton of people that are going to say, "Hey, Patrick, you could use um mini PCs, for example. And you do a lot of reviews of mini PCs. Why are you not using one of those?" Well, I think that these things, if you're going to go and start doing things like replacing components, I think it's nice to have one of these HP units where it's fairly straightforward, and you can keep everything internal, and the power consumption is pretty good. I just really like these for that application. But yeah, you could totally use something else. Pretty popular, of course, is using something like an Intel NUC. I think my challenge with the Intel NUC is frankly just that these things have gotten so loud now that the power on the Intel chips has gone up. And when you're in this like little small form factor, there's only so much you can do. You need to have a fan running. And when you get up into like, you know, using 90 W on the CPU or something like that, you need to have a fan running pretty fast, and that's why I think these things have become pretty loud. And there are other units, too, and not just Intel. For example, you could use this little GIGABYTE AS-6, which is also a ASUS PN53 or something. Uh we're going to have a review on that one probably on the STH main site in a little bit. And then there are other ones like, for example, the Beelink units. And you're going to see we have two GTR 7 Pros. The GTR 7 review, non-Pro, is uh is probably going to happen, and that system's actually being tested right now, which is why I couldn't uh unplug this one. But these systems also can run two internal PCIe Gen4 NVMe SSDs. They have two 2.5 gig Ethernet ports, and frankly a pretty fast CPU and GPU. They also cost quite a bit more, and you're going to end up replacing some more expensive components, which I think is a little bit of a bummer. But one of the big things is like, you know, how do you get 10 gig Ethernet on a system like this? And I think the way that you're going to get 10 gig Ethernet on something like this is you're going to use a USB4, you know, instead of Thunderbolt 3, you're going to use a Thunderbolt 3 10 gig Ethernet adapter. And um and you can get SFP+ ones, and also you can get, you know, 10GBASE-T ones, and all kinds of stuff. So, I think that there are options for using one of these. But at the same time, this thing costs over $300 more than the little HP unit that we got used, even though it's relatively new. And to me, I don't know if I would want to spend that extra $300, especially if when we ripped out all of the memory to get our 96 gigs, we ripped out the SSDs to put our two 4 TB things in there. And also, using a external Thunderbolt adapter means that we have something that you can easily unplug versus something that's a screwed-in 10 gig Ethernet port on this, which I tend to like a little bit better. So, would it be a bad idea to use something like this? Absolutely not. I would just offer that instead of the GTR 7 Pro, I probably use the base GTR 7 if I were going to go do this. At the same time, I just wanted to do something fun with the Project TinyMiniMicro series. And also, just get to show you what a base-level, a kind of mid-range, and then also a pretty high-end system looks like. Hey guys, I hope you like this look at a monster TinyMiniMicro node. Let's face it, this is a 1 L PC that is pretty darn quiet. It has a ton of capability, really rivaling a lot of like the Xeon E5 V1 V2 servers that are out there. And yet it's small, and it sips power. And hey, if you did like this video, well, why don't you share it with some of your friends? You can also join the STH YouTube channel so we can have a little bit of support to go buy components for these. You can give it a like, click subscribe, and turn on those notifications so you can see whenever we come out with great new videos. And as always, thanks for watching, and have an awesome day.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ServeTheHomeVideo [297 likes]: Since folks are asking a lot about costs. The idea was just to give folks an idea of what is possible and there is a lot of variability here.
-  ~$500-$515 for the base we used, but there are options for less than that.
- Maybe $25-30 for an extra 16GB DIMM. 64GB is like $150-200, 96GB $279
- $29 for the 2.5GbE NIC. $129 for the 10Gbase-T NIC, 
- SSDs from $50 to $400 each depending on speed/ capacity.

I think all-in on the top-end config we would have spent around $1.5K
  2. @vaclavkhun4416 [103 likes]: 2 years later... Bro turned into a millionare by just owning the components
  3. @piratesmvp [6 likes]: As long as you don't need ECC memory, these micro PCs are surprisingly capable.
  4. @kabikaofficial [1 likes]: Seeing these prices in 2026 makes me cry
  5. @raintech3253 [1 likes]: "There is only 1 channel of DDR5 16Gig in there". wheeps in 2026 pricing
  6. @hclchgm [1 likes]: Price maxed out?
  7. @monob67 [1 likes]: You could purchase a copper heatsink for the higher wattage CPU options and install it for much better thermals.
  8. @UncTed [1 likes]: 3:56 "pretty easy to find, frankly"

Seeing this in 2026 😭
  9. @whereserik [1 likes]: I love the proxmox focus of this video ❤
  10. @carrick23: 1. Does the MoBo support ddr5 ? 

2. Does the overall system at any time uses more that 20 GB of RAM ? And if does how it will handle the overheat? 

3. Is this video just a show off ?
  11. @Pugopugo: No one plays with 2*48GB RAM anymore, unless they are maffia. 😢
  12. @ibrudiiv: 😥
  13. @rootadmin-ck9gb: Man, I came here to point out the hundreds of dollars for your “cheap off eBay pc”. Looks like I’m late to the party. Are you out of touch or what? $1.5k my ass btw.
  14. @texas_rascal3091: I remember when memory was cheap enough to do this kinda build😢
  15. @photon92: I'm just trying to find that version of the 10gbe card anywhere. It's only the current revision everywhere I've looked at... So much time wasted ordering and returning.
  16. @dannydoesd154: HP EliteDesk 800 G3 Mini 35Watt

Met de volgende specificaties:

Processor: Intel i3 -6100T
Geheugen: 8 GB RAM
Opslag: 256GB SSD do i neet to upgrate
  17. @dannyking4138: Any spare ram? 😂
  18. @Pub2k4: Someone obviously didn’t predict the cost of ram for 2026. 64 gigs of sodimm ram is around $400 as of Feb 2026 😅
  19. @TBK215MCN: A single 32GB RAM stick costs more than the whole PC. today
  20. @markphillips7538: Wow, this feels like some long lost video seen in a dystopian future where affordable computers RAM are nowhere to be seen. *sigh I wish I had decided to build a home lab a couple years ago. Oooof

- I Rebuilt My Home Lab — These 5 Changes Made Everything Better: Kind: captions Language: en A year ago, I rebuilt my entire home lab and five decisions that I made changed everything and led to easier management, fewer headaches, and way better reliability. In this video, I'll break down what I changed, why it worked, and the exact results. So, the first was switching from PFSense to UniFi for my firewall. So, I bought a Netgate 6100, and overall, it worked extremely well for the three or four years that I used it. Now I always used UniFi equipment for my switching and my access points but I used PFSense at the firewall level and it worked very very well and overall it was actually a very tough decision switching from PFSense to Unifi and the main reason is because at the firewall level when something is working you really don't want to change it but I had to look at the bigger overall picture and what I was doing was spending a lot of time maintaining it and maintaining isn't the best way of describing it but it's really enhancing the system. So for example, I wanted to implement IDS and IPS. I don't need a complicated IDS and IPS setup. So I started to look into it and I had to implement Snort. And Snort is extremely customizable. And if you need that level of customization, then going with PFSense is actually a benefit for you. But for me, it ended up being a downside because I wanted to implement something like that. And as soon as I looked into it, I knew I had hours of work ahead of me. That is not something that I really wanted from a home lab. I wanted something that was customizable, that I could utilize some of those features, but not actually customize it to that level. For that reason, I decided to switch to a Unified Dream Machine Pro Max. And I have to be honest, I was very concerned about it in the beginning. But I'm happy to say that after a year overall I have the exact same setup and in a lot of cases better because I'm utilizing features like IDS and IPS which I wasn't prior but also from a day-to-day management perspective it's significantly easier. So that was the biggest change that I thought could be a problem that actually ended up fulfilling my goal of easier management. So that's number one. With that said, I do know there's going to be a lot of people that are using and still love pfSense. I'm not suggesting you change. I'm just saying that for my individual needs, PFSense to UniFi was the right decision. The next was improving my backups. Now, this is something that took months and I finally just got it to the point where I'm very happy with it. But for a long time, I was using different NAS devices, and I was doing it so that I could stay up to date with all of the NAS brands, and if somebody asked me a question, I would have an answer from a firstparty perspective. I used it. this is what I'm recommending. Unfortunately, when you do something like that, you're not putting your data integrity at the forefront. So, I had to take a step back and realize that the best decision was for me to consolidate down to one brand. The brand that I went with was Trunass. So, I retired my Synology NAS. I switched my UG DXP 8800 plus from running UGOS to running TRNA. And I have a DXP 4800 plus that I have Truness running on as well. That gives me a 321 backup strategy. Now I'm still using those devices and keeping up to date with them, but not using them for my personal data. Now, why did I switch over to Shernass? Well, what I'm doing is I'm using something called ZFS replication. That's what I'm using for backup purposes. So, the DXP 4800 Plus that I have here turns on at 2 a.m., turns off at 3:00 a.m., and it basically just does an incremental ZFS replication pull. So, it pulls data from my primary NAS. So, I have an on-site backup that runs for one hour per day that I could always revert back to if I had to. My off-site backup stays on 24/7 and it runs an hourly ZFS replication pull. So, the data is being pulled on that off-site NAS, and that's a true disaster recovery solution. If I really had to, I would drive to that location, pick up the NAS, restore the data locally because doing it over the internet is going to take forever. But I now have a full 321 backup strategy. I also improved my virtual machine backups. So, I was always using NFS shares for Proxmox. I switched to Proxmox backup server. I have one running locally which I'm using actually as a VM in Proxmox and connecting it to a NFS share. But on my off-site NAS, the DXP8800 plus, what I'm doing is just running it as a VM and it works well. Same idea. I connect directly to it. I have the correct permissions so that Proxmox can back up to that device, but it can't actually delete anything. So, that setup has saved me a lot of space. It's given me a better overall backup strategy and the biggest difference there really has been truness. So if you're interested in learning how I'm using ZFS replication for backups because keep in mind ZFS replication in itself is not a backup. You have to configure it properly. I have a full video on that. And if you're interested in implementing Proxmox backup server using an NFS share, I have a video on that as well. The next is implementing an internal reverse proxy server. Now, reverse proxy servers are really designed for external traffic. So, you expose that reverse proxy server and then you can connect to multiple services locally and then expose them externally using just that one reverse proxy server. I don't have a need for that. I don't have to expose any of these services externally. So, I am doing everything locally. Now, the setup is a little different for that reason. And I have a video on this if you're interested, but EngineX Proxy Manager makes this very, very easy. And I've talked about this in videos in the past, but it's really improved the setup because one, I don't really have to worry about remembering internal IP addresses. And then number two is if I wanted to add a new service because I'm using a wildcard certificate, I basically just go in create a DNS record. Then I go in, add the entry into EngineX Proxy Manager and bam, it's there. I have a full SSL certificate for that service and I can access it using a domain name that I will remember. The biggest downside with this is that if for whatever reason my Docker VM goes down, it ends up becoming a big problem and I can still connect to everything locally, so it's not the end of the world. But I'm so used to connecting to these services using their domain name that it ends up becoming a problem. Which leads into the next point, which is setting up a two node Proxmox cluster instead of a three node. Now, don't get me wrong. I would love to have a full three node Proxmox cluster, but it does not make sense for my setup. The reality is I don't have enough services to really benefit from a three node cluster. Now, don't get me wrong, I could go out and build one and it would be running there and it would have services running on it and I'd basically be load balancing the other two servers that I have. But again, I don't really have a need for it. So instead what I did is I set up a two node cluster and I use a Raspberry Pi to provide the third vote to maintain quarum so that I can utilize high availability. Now going into this I was looking at it like I was going to utilize high availability for everything but the reality is I really have two or three services that I need to keep running and I have those set up with VM replication. So basically the node that the VM exists on will replicate that data on a set schedule to the other node. So node A, node B, if a VM is on A, it will replicate to B and vice versa. What that allows me to do is then set up high availability. And if for whatever reason the server goes down, so meaning one of the nodes goes down after a minute or so it will automatically meaning the VM will automatically kick on on that other node. Now this provides high availability for my important services. Now again would it be better to have three nodes? Of course it would be. But in a home lab environment I really don't need it. And this allows me to provide high availability for these services but not provide it over three nodes. So this is something that's worked extremely well. And I really don't have a reason to build a third node. I left it in the background as something I would consider depending on how this ran. But after running for a year, two nodes for most HomeLab users is more than enough and it will do exactly what you're looking for. Now, the last is switching to all thirdparty services. Now, in this space, we all have services that we rely on on a day-to-day basis. Most of them are running in Docker, but you could have them running in an LXC container, etc. For me, some of the apps that I relied on the most were actually firstparty applications, and this was the biggest hurdle for me. So, I use Synology Drive, Synology Photos, and Active Backup for Business. I've talked about this in many videos in the past. While those are great applications and three main reasons why people buy a Synology NAS, but the biggest downside for me was that in order to get off of a Synology, I had to get off of those services. And it took a lot of time for me to do that. For that reason, rather than going from one first-party solution to another first-party solution, I took the time to triage what was best and determine what third-party solution I could use, where I could use any type of hardware in the future and maintain that functionality. So, those three applications I replaced with Nexcloud, image, and your backup. Now, I'm not here to say which one is better than the other. If you're interested, you could look up comparisons. But I am here to say that switching to thirdparty solutions allows me now in the future to utilize devices that can run my services rather than utilizing brands that I need for specific services. So again, this took a lot of time and was arguably the biggest change for me and the biggest hindrance to this change. But now I'm in a position where I have the same functionality that I had and I'm hardware agnostic. I can use whatever hardware I want. Of course, like I said, I'm still utilizing certain services like ZFS replication and truness and replacing that wouldn't be the easiest thing. But from a service perspective, I am no longer utilizing firstparty services, which will make expanding in the future a lot easier than it was. Now, I'm going to throw in one bonus one, which is boring to a lot of people, but it's monitoring. I'm not going to focus on this because I've made a few videos at this point that go over monitoring. But if you're not monitoring your services, you should really take the time to do it. I set up Bezel Uptime Kuma and I started to play around with Grey Log. And I now have a strategy for monitoring everything and actually digging into problems if and when they occur. And you don't have to do all of this, but the reality is if you did one of these services, you're going to be better off than you were. So, I'd highly recommend that you check out one, if not all of them and implement some sort of monitoring in your home lab because it's made a huge difference for me. Now, I know that was a lot and there are probably a lot of people out there that will either disagree with those changes or have changes that they would recommend even better than what I implemented. And I'd love to hear those in the comments. I'd also love to hear suggestions for 2026. I have a few ideas that I plan on implementing and I'm hoping that they go as smoothly as all of these changes went because looking back on the past year, I really had a very bad setup. And at this point, I have a significantly better setup than I had that will improve just about everything from day-to-day usage to management to maintaining and everything in between. So, I'm hoping you got some value out of this video. If you made it this far, thank you very much for watching.

  Top Comments:
  1. @dyong888 [3 likes]: If you really want to go "3rd party" and not rely on certain hardware brands.... ditch unify and use something like OPNsense. Just build another box if it breaks or virtualise it altogether.
  2. @PrincepsComitatus [1 likes]: 👍
  3. @Fenwiik [1 likes]: Most of us don't need three node, but you could still make better use of the third one for quorum : a barebone proxmox backup server
  4. @Shantytowns: Switching away from PfSense is great just because netgate is a garbage company run by garbage people. 

But, switching to Unifi? Yikes. That’s a flat, hard downgrade. Should have switched to OPNsense. 
If you don’t want to use things like snort/suricata - simply don’t install the package, don’t pay more to downgrade your own system.
  5. @poplach: Whatever best works for you - is the change that worth doing. As you stated about pfSense - it's powerful, but you don't need that much of a hustle, so Unifi dream machine suits you better.
Same with Nginx PM - it's not very customizable, it stores everything in it's own database, therefore it's not straitforward how to use Semaphore (Ansible) for automation, but if it works for you better - it's the tool to go

For each one of us there is our own "best" solution
  6. @anonymous.369: Always opt for open source. No name brands that use the stickiness to make the switching cost extremely high, so you stuck with them forever. Glad to see you got rid of them. No pain no gain.
  7. @THEMithrandir09: For quorum you probably want a 3rd device, could be a raspi or a container on truenas.
  8. @MichalStraka-o9r: love to see the Sliger CX4712 server case in use.
  9. @greenprotag: Random thought from a less experienced home-labber.
IMO, the main purpose of a homelab is a combination of "core" services and "experimental" services.
The way you described your set up, your core services run on these two nodes...
Where is your "sandbox" where do you do the "fun stuff"?
Shouldn't your third server be the wacky place you test... cloud gaming? different forms of data de-duplications? new / experimental web-services like RomM or maybe games-on-whales? The third system should be where things break. Where you have fun.
  10. @jaybirdls1: Dang, we have a similar setup and I didn’t even intend to. Running a truenas vm on proxmox, and recently set up screenshots for my shared family drives and personal documents drive. Also dived in fully into my unifi machine to use ids/ips and firewall. It’s probably partially placebo, but I feel the outside internet is responding faster now, and I’m happy with the secure vlan rules I set up. When my wife wasn’t able to access the printer on the IOT vlan I knew things were working 😂 Just forgot to allow that device to her subnet! I also added an extra nvme drive to my proxmox server, set it up on ZFS and am using it for all of my vm/lxc machines. It used to be on ext4 and I also feel this was a noticeable performance increase. That started from a series of unexpected shutdowns that corrupted my main boot drive. Knowing ZFS is protecting me now, is an added relief!
  11. @GoetheNorris: In order to monitor everything, I'm running N8N, which is using SSH to run a script that monitors all of the services and pulls smart data as well as a bunch of ZFS metrics. And then it sends the output of that script to Ollama to send me an email in natural language. That makes it nice and easy. 

It's also possible to connect it to ChatGPT search preview and then that way it can automatically research how to fix problems when they arise and text you an email with the solution.
  12. @DarkSwordsman: Only thing I disagree with is NextCloud, at least if your goal is just file sharing. I always ran into so many problems with it, and I eventually found SeaFile, which was easier to manage and more flexible.
  13. @dmtien: What are you using for that slick menu system at 6:43?
  14. @ReikoRoran: I like this approach since this is very realistic and just actually build something that suits your needs. A lot of people who are starting out in their home lab journey tends to wanna overdo or overspend on things for a lot of hardware or services. They may not need.

I really like to park about pro box skipping a third node instead, I can almost guarantee that 90% of the people who have three nodes don’t even need it at all.

I also made a switch from pfsense to unifi, maintaining pfsense doesn’t really make a whole lot of sense in a home lab environment, unless it’s for learning or educational purposes.
  15. @TechMeOut5: Excellent video Frank. Your homelab is truely a super well engineered machine that is efficient, resilient and a great combination between simple and robust!
  16. @84bmw325e: I was able to put Proxmox on Proxmox
  17. @FaxDozer: I would definately recommend Technitium DNS. I switched from my Pihole-Unbound-NebulaSync setup which was running ok, but depended on a lot of separate components. Technitium provides native clustering and is both an authoritative and a recursive DNS server, with the ability to load blocklists. The interface may not be as nice as Pihole and there is a bit of a learning curve using zones, but it’s a real step up in my opinion. The advantage of being able to add just one CNAME record with a wildcard for my self hosted domain instead of maintaining a list within Pihole for every separate application is worth the change in itself.
  18. @whoonga: Do you have experience with running TrueNAS in proxmox or something similar? Because I will most likely have my home server and NAS in one device. My first idea was to run it in proxmox
  19. @zenquisitor: A timely video recommendation from the YT algorithm. I am in the process right now of setting up my first true Home Lab. Valuable topics and plenty of things to check out. Thank you!
  20. @beef7631: I would really like to see advanced things beside this, such as bgp, osfp, k8s, ceph, lags, sdn, ipam, vxlan etc instead of every YouTubeer doing this simple out of box things

- Mac Mini vs. Raspberry Pi: Which is Best for OpenClaw?Video15 OpenClaw Mac or RaspberryPi: Kind: captions Language: en Welcome to Choice Compass. Today we're diving into a really interesting question for anyone looking to build their own personal AI. Should you run OpenClaw on a Raspberry Pi or a Mac Mini? Let's figure it out. So, you're all set to get Open Claw up and running. I mean, who wouldn't want their own self-hosted AI assistant that can automate your browser, manage your messages, and even write code? It's a seriously cool project. But right out of the gate, you hit a major fork in the road. What hardware are you actually going to run it on? This first choice, well, it pretty much defines everything that comes next. And that brings us to our two main contenders today. In one corner, you've got the Raspberry Pi 5, the absolute favorite for hobbyists and experimenters, coming in at around €95. And in the other corner, the sleek Mac Mini M4, a powerhouse that'll set you back €650 or more. The price gap is, well, it's massive, and so is the philosophy behind each one. Let's start with the budget friendly tinkerer's dream. First up, the Raspberry Pi. For a lot of us, this is the go-to starting point for pretty much any DIY tech project, and honestly, for some very good reasons. The appeal of the pie is just so obvious, right? The price is incredibly low, and it sips power, which means you can leave it running 24/7 and not even notice it on your electricity bill. On top of that, you've got this huge community behind it and the ability to connect all sorts of hardware like cameras and sensors. It's the ultimate playground for tinkering. And that really gets to the heart of the Pi's role in this setup. Its real strength is being a gateway. Think of it as a fantastic lowcost command center that runs the core opencloud services and connects them to the really powerful AI models living in the cloud. The Pi is your controller, but the heavy lifting that happens somewhere else. Okay, now let's completely flip the script and look at the other end of the spectrum. If the Pi is the scrappy, do-it-yourself experimentter, the Mac Mini is the polished, ready to go professional. Yeah, the Mac Mini is a totally different animal. Thanks to that Apple silicon, it has the raw power and crucially, the unified memory to run some pretty sophisticated AI models. We're talking up to 13 billion parameters right there on the machine itself. That means more privacy, potentially faster responses, and you get it all in a super quiet, compact little box. In fact, its performance is so perfect for this kind of work that it's basically become the default hardware for serious OpenCW users. The demand is so high that these little machines are reportedly just flying off the shelves. It's the top pick if you want maximum local power without having to build some giant noisy server. Okay, so a cheap tinkerer's board versus a pricey powerhouse seems like a simple choice based on your wallet, doesn't it? Well, not so fast. The sticker price is really only the beginning of the story. Let's take a closer look at the pie. That low price is the main attraction for sure, but what are you actually giving up to get that price tag? And this is the Pi's biggest catch. It has no real GPU, no special hardware for AI. Testers have found that even if you try to add on specialized hardware, it just can't handle the massive prompt sizes that OpenClaw needs to run AI locally. So with the Pi, you are 100% reliant on the cloud. So the Mac Mini is the clear winner then since it can run models locally. Hold on. Because while you can run some models on the Mac, many of OpenClaw's most powerful features still lean on cloud APIs. And this, my friends, is where the costs can get absolutely terrifying. Just listen to this cautionary tale from developer Kevin Mccleier. He set up an open claw agent. He called it Milton on his shiny new Mac Mini. In just 2 days, 48 hours, that agent completely burned through his entire monthly aotment of premium API requests. Poof, gone. So why is it so ridiculously expensive? Because every single time OpenClaw talks to a cloud AI, it sends this huge package of information which is measured in something called tokens. This isn't just your question. It's the system prompt, a list of all the tools it can use, and your entire conversation history. We're talking tens of thousands of tokens before you've even asked it to do a single thing. And here's the real kicker. By default, OpenClaw does a little heartbeat check every 30 minutes. It sends that entire context to the cloud just to ask, "Hey, got anything new for me?" So just for the agent to sit there completely idle, you could be looking at a bill for a staggering $180 per month. So the Pi is too limited and the Mac Mini could have these insane running costs. How in the world are you supposed to make a confident choice here? It all comes down to matching the hardware to what you actually want to do. Let's put everything side by side. This table really makes the trade-offs crystal clear. The Pi is just unbeatable on upfront cost and power use, but it has zero local AI capability. The Mac Mini costs way more to buy, but its powerful neural engine gives you the option to run models locally, and that can be a huge part of managing those running costs. So, here's the bottom line. Go with the Raspberry Pi if you're a tinkerer, a learner, or if budget is your absolute number one priority. It's the perfect low-risk way to get your feet wet and explore what OpenClaw can do. as long as you know that you'll be relying completely on the cloud for all the smarts. On the other hand, you should choose the Mac Mini if performance is what you're after. If you want to run powerful models locally, maybe for privacy reasons, or if you just want the most capable, polished experience right out of the box, and you're prepared to keep a close eye on your API usage to avoid those crazy bills. You see, in the end, the choice isn't just about the hardware. It's about your ambition for the project. Are you building a fun weekend experiment or are you investing in a powerful always-on AI assistant for the long haul? The path you choose is up to you. We break down every option A versus option B scenario by comparing practical features against creative solutions. Our mission is to provide clarity, helping you save time and money. Subscribe to Choice Compass and transform every difficult dilemma into a clear, confident choice. See you next time.

- This Single Board Computer is Faster than a Mac Mini AND a Raspberry Pi: Kind: captions Language: en This little single board computer is screaming fast. It combines a fast processor faster than an Apple Mac Mini into a form factor not much bigger than a Raspberry Pi. Beyond a fast CPU, it supports Arduino and has GPIO pins, so you can go do projects on it. There is a load of expansion and networking on board, and this thing can even support a form of ECC memory. While this might be small, there's a lot here, so let's get to it. Hey guys, this is Patrick from STH, and this is a LattePanda Sigma. If you're like me, you probably have a bunch of Raspberry Pis laying around doing various tasks, but sometimes you might wish, well, maybe that Raspberry Pi was a little bit faster. Now, there are certainly a wide variety of different options on the market with things like Rockchip and all those other types of ARM processors, but sometimes, you know, you just want to go fast. And in the past, going fast in a small system like this meant that you were probably going to use only e-cores, and so you're always going to be limited in speed and features. So, I have to say that I was completely shocked with the overall performance and even things like just how quiet this system was. And I have to say, I've owned a lot of single board computers over the years, and one of the things that I don't like about leaving the Raspberry Pi ecosystem is you always have to worry about support. Like, is the OS going to be supported, is the board going to be supported over time? And one of the nice things with this is that because it's a 13th gen Intel Core processor, I mean, it'll run any OS out of the box. It's was super easy to go set up Linux and Windows and everything on this. Now, this thing is super awesome, but I do want to point out that this is a review unit that we were sent to go and do this video. At the same time, we never let vendors read STH content or CSTH content before it goes live, so it's being done completely editorially independently, like it should be. And of course, we have a whole bunch of things that we connected this to that we'll show you in a little bit. So, if you do want to support us, you can always go join the STH YouTube channel become a member down below. Any help is always appreciated. With that, let's get to the hardware. Okay, so normally we have external then internal hardware overviews, but the the thing is kind of a almost bare board, so we're just going to do this all at once. And the first thing you'll probably notice is that I did put the included standoffs on here. And then, you know, folks are just going to ask like, what's the size of this thing? I thought the easiest way to convey the size is with a hard drive. I mean, if you take a hard drive, you plop it on top, this is a 3 and 1/2 inch hard drive size SBC. So, first off, let's start with what's under here, and I'm not going to take this off real time, but we do have a photo of the CPU under this. This is an Intel Core i5 1340P, which is a Raptor Lake edition processor. This is the same type of processor that you'd find in other mini PCs, even things like laptops and things like that. Now, the Core i5 1340P is a 12-core processor. Now, there are four P or performance cores, which have hyper-threading, so you get eight threads out of those, and then you get another eight efficiency cores. The graphics on board here is the Intel XE graphics. Now, this system, unlike a lot of systems, doesn't use SODIMM memory. Instead, the memory is soldered on to the board itself, and we get 16 GB of LPDDR5 6400 memory. So, on the plus side, we get more performance. On the negative side, we lose upgradeability. I will note that this is the 16 GB version, but there is a 32 GB version that I think is on pre-order, and frankly, if I were getting this system, I would want 32 GB. And although we get more memory performance, on the flip side, I really like to be able to upgrade things, especially on something like this, where you're saying like, hey, we have Arduino and like, you know, have GPIO and all that kind of stuff, and it's hackable, all that, and then you can't upgrade your memory. So, that that's just kind of a bummer. Still, I understand the design decision. I would just get 32 gigs if I bought this. Now, on top of that processor, we get this little cooler, and I'll let you hear this when we get to our power and cooling thing, but I'll just tell you that this is not loud by any means. Um, this is actually sitting right over here on the side on this table back here, and I was like, looking around, I was like, wait, where the heck did I put that LattePanda? And this thing was running, and I didn't even hear it. Okay, so let's go through some of the ports and stuff that you have on here. So, first thing you're going to see that we have two USB two ports, and then we have a power button. A fun thing is that this little power button that you see here was actually just kind of floating around in the box, and some of the pictures don't even have it on. So, you have to install this yourself, which I I just don't really like that level of hackability. I'd rather just have this thing, you know, already working. One feature that we didn't get to test, but it's here, is a micro SIM slot, which you can see just under the cooler and above the PCB. And the fact that this has Thunderbolt 4 means that you can expand this with everything. I mean, you could put GPU, you could put networking, you could also do something like put an AI accelerator, all that kind of stuff because you have that port. So, I just feel like this gives it another level of flexibility beyond what you typically would see with something like a Raspberry Pi. One other little thing that we found just behind this power button is that there's this little tiny like like button right here, and that's actually the reset button for the Microchip coprocessor. That is something you typically don't see on mini PCs. Okay, so looking at the other side, we have our headset jack, then we have two USB 3, and these are 10 GB per second type A ports. We then get our Ethernet ports, which are two 2 and 1/2 gig Ethernet ports. And these network ports use the Intel I225V for networking. Next to our network ports, we have our HDMI 2.1 output, so you can go drive pretty high resolution displays out of this. Next, we have another type C port, and this is also a Thunderbolt 4 port, so we get two Thunderbolt ports, one on the front and one on the back, which is awesome. These Thunderbolt ports also will do things like run alt display mode or display port mode, so you can run displays off of them as Mini that we have sitting over here. Now, because of the LPDDR5 memory and the Intel Iris XE graphics in this generation, you actually get a pretty decent GPU. This is probably not going to go replace your RTX 4090 by any means, but on the other hand, it is certainly perfectly capable of doing just about anything desktop related that you want. The other side to it though is that you also have things like AV1 decode, which is awesome. And with all of these display outputs, you can do a total of three 4K displays, plus also the I think eDP can do like 1080 or something like that. So, overall, you could actually put up to four displays on this little thing. And before we get to power consumption noise, I just want to point out real quick that we did put Windows 11 Pro, we also put Ubuntu, and then we put Proxmox VE 8 on here. They all worked at no problem. But I think the power noise on these are completely fascinating, so let's go take a look at that. Now, the power situation on this is exactly the personality of this LattePanda because you would expect that there is something very flexible. And of course, we're not even using the power in header that's over here because we don't have that connector, but what comes with the unit is you actually get a nice Delta power brick. That's a 90 W power brick, which is absolutely plenty for this little system. But if you don't want to use the DC power brick, one question that a lot of folks ask us is, well, can you use the USB-C in? And the answer is most certainly yes. And so, we're actually running this thing off of USB-C power right now. We have our USB-C power in to the Thunderbolt port right here, and then we have our little Power-Z meter here, which we'll link in the description if you want to learn more about that. And that can show us our power consumption. Idle power consumption, you'll see from our fancy Power-Z meter that we'll link in the description, is somewhere in that maybe 4.8 to maybe 7 or so watt range. We're running Windows 11 Pro. So, there are background processes that kick up every once in a while and, you know, cause that fluctuation. We also have our sound meter set up with a little action camera so you can see how loud it is from about 1 m away. Alex will overlay that, but I want to let you hear this thing at idle just to hear how quiet it is. So, in our 34 dBA noise floor studio at 1 m, this thing is registering about 34.7 to about a little over 35 dBA. So, it's really not making much of an impact and frankly, if it's 1 m away from you, you're probably not going to hear it at idle. Now, kicking things up, you'll see the power consumption jumps pretty dramatically and it's running from anywhere from maybe about 44 to just over 50 W. It's definitely not a, you know, 90 W or 100 W like we've been seeing some mini PCs hit recently. It's definitely a lot lower power than that, but it is also way more power than a Raspberry Pi. And let me just let you hear this real quick. The noise has definitely picked up, but it's not necessarily the worst, especially given that this is the 100% noise. Overall, I think this is very reasonable. Now, with all of these, I like to have key lessons learned and I think that there are two here. First off, I just think that this performance package and like all the you know, IO that you have on here with like Thunderbolt, you have multiple M.2 slots and all that kind of stuff and even down to things like having two 2.5 gig Ethernet ports. I think that overall, this thing has a ton of just IO and it's just awesome to have this much power in a single board computer. I mean, let's face it, in a 3.5 in hard drive footprint, this is way more interesting than a hard drive, right? But the second and perhaps more interesting thing is that this also has an Arduino component. You'll notice that in the specs, you have a co-processor. The co-processor is a microchip ATmega32U4MU. And by default, our system came with the Arduino IDE already built in. So, you can do things like, you know, pull down a blinky light program and start going immediately with this system, which I thought was really cool and really easy to use. Now, if you don't care about Arduino, then I guess, you know, you probably don't care about that feature. But if you do care about it or you might be, you know, Arduino interested, well, this is an opportunity to do that. Of course, a lot of folks are going to say, well, hey, there are all these lower power platforms for that. Of course, they are, but also just remember that this is connected to a giant processor and storage array. So, it might be actually pretty interesting to combine those. This is not just a mini PC. This also has that hackable component to it, which I think is really interesting. I lied. There's a third one that I want to talk about and that is this ECC thing. So, as we were doing the review, LattePanda sent us this long guide and we'll just kind of scroll through it here so you can see it. But you can actually enable in-band ECC on this platform. Now, if you don't know what in-band ECC is, it's a little bit different than our typical ECC memory that you would see. And I just realized I didn't have an ECC DDR5 DIMM on set, but I did have DDR4 ones. I can just show you this real quick. So, this is a little Samsung DIMM and what you'll see and I just kind of this is a ECCR DIMM, but you'll see that we have a total of nine chips across and that's eight chips plus one extra for parity. So, one of the reasons that ECC memory is usually more expensive is because you're adding that ninth chip for that parity chip. There are a lot of different versions, but I'm just going to kind of keep this simple here. So, what in-band ECC does is imagine that you don't have these like two extra parity chips here and you just have eight across. Then, what you could do is you could say, well, you know, I can do something kind of like almost like RAID 5. I know it's a crazy simplification. People are going to get like really pissed off that I even use that. But think of it kind of like RAID 5 where you're taking some of the overall capacity of your memory pool and you're using that to go do your parity. So, what that means is that you're sacrificing some capacity for that error checking and correction. So, we followed the guide, went into the BIOS and turned it on and it appeared to be working, which is pretty cool. And something that we weren't expecting cuz sometimes, you know, you have issues with it with Windows, is that even when we booted it up into Windows, we saw a difference in the memory capacity for the ECC off and in-band ECC on, which I kind of wasn't expecting cuz I thought just it wouldn't work. So, while it's not the same as having ECC memory, it does give you an ECC option for non-ECC memory if that makes any sense. Or maybe it's easier just to say it's a type of ECC that is probably better than nothing. Now, I know that was a huge oversimplification of in-band ECC. There are plenty of guides online if you want to go research that. Still, I think that has to make it into a key lesson learned. Hey guys, I hope you like this look at this LattePanda Sigma. It's certainly an interesting little single board computer that I was not expecting to have all these features and then we started using it and it was like, oh, there's there's another feature. Nope, there's there's a feature here. Oh, it has Thunderbolt. Oh my gosh. And it was just really interesting to go play with this and do things like turn on Arduino and just start playing with that because that was pretty easy. I hope you like this look. It's something that's a little different than a lot of the mini PCs that we normally review. If you did like this, well, why don't you share it with your friends and also give this video a like, click subscribe, and turn on the notifications so you can see whenever we come out with great new videos. As always, thanks for watching and have an awesome day.

  Top Comments:
  1. @rick-sanchez [1 likes]: That SBC has more STP (Single Thread Performance) as the i9-9900KS. This looks super promising for a minecraft server! Like heavy server or modded. STP is paramount for minecraft workloads.
  2. @conservativeteacher1987 [1 likes]: I was very interested until I see the $600 price tag for the base model.
  3. @carlos-teran: Sadly here in Mexico a Mac Mini M4 is cheaper. The Sigma's price list for the base model in Mexico is $1467.51 US Dlls. The M4 is $1072.41, with 512 Gb of unified storage.
  4. @daretodreamtofly3288: One day they'll put every cpu/apu (ipu?) On what is effectively just a sodim socket. Dispite that,  I'm wondering what type of hand held device you could make with this? If outfitted with 2 nvme drives what's the maximum size that's stable? If it's 8tb for the gen 4 and 2 for the gen 3, maybe 2 for the B KEY sata, imagine the monster of a hand held game machine this could be. Like Uconsole with way more power. With 4 10kma flat pack lifepo4, and if you can swap that wifi to a 5g.... or I believe there's been key 5g modules out there that are also wifi Bluetooth.
  5. @retrodig: Cool video about the background music is a major distraction
  6. @vpchelko: ADs video - zero real test and etc....

This bloGHEr going to my youtubeBlocker!
  7. @hstrinzel: Faster than a Mac Mini _WHAT_? Mac Mini M1, M2, M3, M4, M5 ? Faster than WHICH ONE?
  8. @nin1ten1do: shit opand.a. opverprize garbage.. any MOBO from notebook will do beter hjob for 10th of price ofr this garbage
  9. @igiveupfine: it's $700 friggin dollars.....no thanks.
  10. @ormviana: use i5-1340P (12C / 16T)
  11. @yagoa: Dislike for very deceptive title, beats 4 generations old Mac mini
  12. @dozerd42: The link to Aliexpress purchase shows a picture of the unit and then immediately throws a 404. Anyone else notice this? Particularly from outside the US?
  13. @polfig7558: Dude - Raspberry Pi is 50 quid - his is 20 times that. How can you even mention both in the same sentence. Those have completely different purpose and target audience. OR are you making so much on YT that you no longer check the prices?
  14. @atol71: With 800£ you get 8 core 16 thread system (AMD) with 36Gig memory and 1Tb ssd and a descent GPU on low tier. Compared to that this is smelly turf choice with upgrade options it has.
  15. @Big-Jock: Comparing something that costs $900 to a Pi is disingenuous.
  16. @sgjohnlim: This is just a mini PC without the box and cost more.
  17. @BungieStudios: At 28W, this thing would be valuable for mechatronics and simulators, but the firmware support for it is allegedly dead.
  18. @playersonlinefuture6392: Can I connect to the iPad m4  from USB c to USB c? Using ssh?
  19. @jean-pierremartineau4136: $$$
  20. @Chris-ut6eq: Simply adding an Arduino micro-controller to an Intel MB is not compelling.

Would have been nice to know more about the ATMEGA integration with main system.  Can I use the Arduino processor to wake the main system? is there an SPI, I2C or other method to communicate between processors?  is the GPIO only usable on the Arduino side of things?  who controls the magic RS232-RS485 port?

- Same 128GB but cheaper: Kind: captions Language: en The Jetson Thor is Nvidia's new developer kit, and the DJX Spark is for everybody, but what's not often talked about is the Thor has 128 gigs of RAM, just like the Spark. That's a lot of RAM, and it's more than $1,000 cheaper than the Spark. So, why don't we just buy the Thor instead of the Spark? Well, you could. I'm going to run some tests right now to see what it's capable of and talk about a couple of differences between those two machines and also Apple Silicon. The reason I picked these three is because the M4 Pro, the Thor platform, and the Spark all have 273 GB per second memory bandwidth. And I mentioned before many times that memory bandwidth is really important for machine learning, but that doesn't tell the whole story. By the way, Nvidia sent me this Thor to do some testing. And they're also giving away the Jetson Orin Nano Super signed by Jensen One. Rules for the raffle are in the description. The other two machines I bought. So these days I'm always flipping between models. GPD for research, cloud for coding, nanobanana for image generation, VO cling, and runway for video, six tabs, six bills, and counting. Enter chat LLM teams. One dashboard houses every top LLM and route pickics to write one. GPT Mini for ultra fast answers, Claude Sonnet for coding, Gemini Pro for massive context. They recently added Gemini 3 and GPT 5.1 the moment they dropped. Create professional presentations with graphs, charts, and deep research detailed content. Need human sounding copy? Humanize rewrites text to defeat AI detectors. Need visuals? Pick frontier or open-source models. Nano banana, midjourney, flux for images, magnific upscaling, plus VO, WAN, and Sora for video, all builtin. You also get Abaca's AI deep agent to pretty much do anything. Build full stack apps, websites, reports with just text prompts and deploy them on the spot. They have Abacus AI Desktop, which is the brand new coding editor and assistant that lets you vibe code and build productionready apps. And the kicker, it's just $10 a month, less than one premium model. Head over to chatlm.abacus.ai or click the link below to level up with Chat LLM teams. When it comes to these kinds of machines, an important thing to consider is the amount of power they use. Here I just have the terminal open. Envy Top running in the Thor and Spark and activity monitor running on the Mac. And here is the power usage. Mac Mini M4 Pro is using about 8 watts. The Thor is using about 31 watts and the Spark is using about 44 watts. That's just to kick things off. I'm going to run a couple LM here and then do some benchmarking so you get an idea of how these perform. There's a brand new model called Minist. Haven't tested that on the channel before. So, let's start with that one. And I'm using Olama, which is a really dead simple way to get started. I've created tutorials on the channel before on how to start with that and how to set it up. There's really not much to it. Palama Run Ministral 3 and I'm going to give it the verbose flag. Now, different models behave very differently. That's why we have to test as many models as possible. I wish there was a way to keep track of all the different models, all the different versions of them on all the different hardware that I'm testing, but it's kind of hard to do that. I'm working on something. Design a scalable web application architecture for an e-commerce platform and so on and so on. This is one of my medium prompts. It's uh it gives a really nice long output. really detailed architecture. I have different length prompts that I use. They're all in my GitHub. I'll link to it down below. All right, let's go. And there it goes. That is really interesting that the Mac and the Spark are printing out pretty much the same exact result. They're a little bit different. Now, this is going to be a very, very long result. So, while it's happening, take a look at what's going on with uh the Spark here. There is the GPU usage. We're going at about 95% usage. And over here on the Thor about 94 to 96% usage as well. But the characteristic of the of the line is very different on these two. The Spark is very even. So it's constantly using 95% of that GPU. But the Thor is bouncing around a little bit, which tells me that just based on the graph, I don't know what's going on on the inside there, but it's telling me that things are loading and unloading, loading and unloading um at a rapid pace. So, it may not be as efficient as the Spark, for example, at this particular task, but we'll see what happens when the result comes. Oh, Spark is done and so is the Mac Mini. You can see that usage is pretty even there as well. I didn't expect it to finish so soon because I wanted to get the power usage, but I'll get that in a moment. Here are first results. 39 tokens per second for the generation. This is token generation. We'll get to prompt processing in a bit and prefill. We have 30.82 82 tokens per second on the Thor and 34.97 tokens per second on the Spark. So, they're all kind of close to each other. Uh, well, I guess the Mac Mini won this round and the Thor lost this round with the Spark coming in right in the middle there. But the token generation speed is not the only story here. Look at the prompt eval rate. That's the prompt processing. This is the part of the process that's not related to memory bandwidth. This is pure computation. And in pure computation, the Mac Mini loses 353 tokens per second here. The Thor has 1,036 tokens per second here. Three times faster. And the Spark 2,46 tokens per second. So we have very different characteristics on all three of these machines. But the two Nvidia machines both have the latest Blackwell chips, which is where that prefill gets processed. So we have the latest Tensor cores in there and the latest CUDA cores. By the way, the Thor has 25% more than the previous generation, which was the AGX Orin, but the Spark definitely beats it out, at least in the prompt prefill stage in the calculation, because it has a lot more tensor cores and CUDA cores. But that's not the only difference. All three of these are ARMbased systems, but just because these two are Blackwell system doesn't mean that they have the same exact chip. The Thor has a 4 nanometer process and that's the CPU part of the chip. Whereas the Spark has a three nanometer process chip for the CPU and that's going to directly affect that CPU toGPU communication. So the Spark may be more capable of feeding the GPU part, the Blackwell part than the Thor. But the Thor is not exactly designed for that particular scenario as we'll see in a bit. Now this model is a brand new model and this is a mixture of experts model. So it's not using all of its parameters that are available at the same time. It's only using a subset of the parameters. It's called a sparse model. If there's a dense model, it has very different characteristics. First, let's run this again because I want to take a look at how much power is being used while all three of these are working. So there they are. The GPU is plugging away, doing its thing on all three of these. Let's take a look at what's happening with the power. So, we're about 70 watts on the Mac Mini. We're about 90 watts here. Almost 90 watts on the Thor. And we're at 141 watts on the Spark, which is quite a bit higher. Almost two times higher power usage on the Spark. And that's all being used by that compute, that really powerful fast compute that's on there with more cores. Mech Mini is done. We got 38.95 tokens per second there. 32.92 tokens on the Spark. just a tiny bit slower, but the prompt eval rate went up here to 2,817 tokens per second, which is ridiculous. And we got 28 tokens per second on the Thor. A little bit slower again, but the prompt eval rate 1,090. So, really good there. Let's take a look at a dense model, which means it's going to be using all the parameters. So, this is going to be quite a bit slower, but dense models are really good for clustering, and I'm going to go into more of that in later videos. For example, with Sparks over here and Apple silicon machines. Stay tuned for that. I'm going to run Llama 3.3 70 billion parameter model, which is a really chunky model. It's over 40 GB on disk, which means it's going to require all that memory and then some if you want to include some context. So, this little Mac Mini is almost all but filled up with its 64 GB of memory there. These machines have plenty more to go with 128 each. All right, here we go. Same prompt. And we got a bigger model now. Boom. Boom. Boom. Look how much slower this thing is. 70 billion parameters. It's a lot of parameters. I mean, you got to give it to these little guys. They're they're small. Look how small they are. It's a 70 billion parameter model. Think about that. This is going to take a while. All right, let's take a look at what's happening here. Um, we've got the GPU usage is pretty steady on the Spark, 96%. We got a similar kind of thing going on the Thor where the GPU usage is going up and down by a little bit, jumping up and down there. And the Mac Mini has pretty steady GPU usage, but interestingly, it's higher than it was when we were doing the Minist 3 model, just by a little bit. So, it's using more of the GPU. Memory used on the Mac Mini, 56.87 87 GB out of the 64, but the memory pressure is nice and clean there. No orange or red, so we're good. Power usage is a bit different here. We got more power usage on the Mac Mini, almost 80. We got more usage on the Thor, almost 100 there, and about the same or just a tiny bit more on the Spark with 153 watts. Watts is the unit we're talking about here, folks. I know somebody was going to leave that comment. 53. What? What? [Laughter] Oh, I'm hearing some sounds. Who is it? Who is it? The Mag Mini. Can we hear that? It's kind of hard to tell in the video, but trust me, that's what's happening here. The Spark is an extremely quiet machine. Is that good or bad? I don't know. There's other manufacturers like the Dell GB10. That one has a little bit more cooling going on. I have a couple of those that I'm going to be testing soon, so stay tuned. But yeah, I never heard the Mac Mini make that that much squealing before. It's not squealing, it's it's more like a blowing sound. I gotta say Llama 3.370B was a good model, but it's getting a little bit long in the tooth. Uh, compared to some of the more some of the smaller models even that are more modern. Look at this. This is supposed to be an architecture prompt. I wanted architecture, but it's giving me code. Not exactly what I wanted. These two are actually giving me architecture. There is a little bit of code and pseudo code, but this one gave me straight up code. It doesn't even know like what technology I want to use. Okay, we've got 5.43 tokens per second here on the Mac Mini. Oh, interesting. 4.61 tokens per second on the Thor and 4.46 tokens per second on the Spark. A little bit of a diminishing returns there on the Spark, even though the prompt eval rate still was amazing on the Spark. More than two times faster, almost three times faster than anything else. So 283 tokens per second on prompt eval which is basically prefill. That's the first stage before we do the decode stage and that's the token generation. If I didn't mention that earlier my apologies got prefilled. That's the prompt evaluation and that could include the whole context. So if you are having a chat session for example with one of these things it's going to include your entire chat session. Send that in process it everything including the system prompt too. So, you want that to be fast because sometimes the conversations can get pretty long. So, good on you, Sparky. Uh, we got Thor with 103 tokens per second. Not too bad. Pretty terrible with the Mac Mini. 34 tokens per second. But the M5 generation, hold on to your pants. We'll be taking a look at that shortly as well. The prompt processing on that has improved quite a bit. So, 4.46 tokens per second for the Spark. Let's verify these numbers from a different perspective. We're going to use a tool called Llama Bench, which comes with Llama CPP, and I got the exact same model that I'm going to be running, but this is the GGUF version. And this gives us both the prefill and the token generation. By the way, I compiled these on the machines. For the two Nvidia machines, I used CUDA compilation. That's why it's detecting the CUDA devices for here, device zero, Nvidia Thor, and here we got device 0, Nvidia GB10. And GB10 is basically the platform for Spark, for the Dell, for the ASUS machines. And since the creator of Llama CPP actually uses a Mac, you just run the basic build on the Mac and it automatically compiles for it. Now, take a look at this. On the Mac, Llama Bench is actually utilizing more GPU than when we were running Olama just by a tiny bit. You can kind of visually see it. I don't have any concrete numbers here, but maybe we'll see some when we actually see the final results here. Olama might have just a tiny bit of overhead with whatever else is running the services that it's running. And whoa, look at this. So on the Spark, we got a flat line just like we did before. But here on the Thor, look at that up and down. It's basically shutting down, going to zero on the GPU usage, and going back up to 98%. So more GPU usage, but also less. It's really doing that up and down quite a bit. That was for prefill. That was when we were processing. Now for token generation, it's actually flat. Really interesting results here for that same exact model. The llama 3.370 billion parameter Q4KM by the way is the quantization. Same one I used with O Lama. And Q4 just means it's quantized down from the original, which was probably BF16 if I'm not mistaken, but you'll probably correct me in the comments. Uh down to uh int four. So, integer 4, which means it's four times smaller, requiring less memory to run. Still, 42 GB is a pretty significant chunk, which means you won't be able to run it on uh even like a 5090 with just 32 gigs of VRAM. Okay, the Spark gave us a result that's pretty much the same as what Olama gave us. 4.56 tokens per second for TG128. TG128 just means token generation. Then we got about 283 tokens per second for PP512 which is prompt processing or prefill on the Thor. It's not done yet. So wait for that one. On the Mac Mini, 42 which is higher for prompt processing 512 and 5.48 for token generation. Thor has slightly higher PP 512 prompt processing 130 tokens per second and TG128 token generation at 4.4. So about the same there, but the Mac Mini is faster at token generation in this case. This is a dense model. Let's take a look at a sparse model that's pretty popular. GPT OSS 20B. Let's just do 12B because why not? It's a mixture of experts model. So it should be much faster than Llama 70B. But I am a little bit worried about the amount of memory that's available on the Mac Mini because this is a pretty big model. So let's see. Oh, failed to load the model on the Mac Mini. Oh, that's too bad. You can see where having 128 gigs of memory is a big plus here. The two Nvidia boxes have that and they're still running it. And here a pretty big difference between the Thor and the Spark is finally revealed. In this particular architecture for this particular model, we have more than two times faster speed for prompt processing on the Spark than the Thor and almost two times faster token generation speed as well. So the Thor 37.17 for token generation, 464 for prompt processing, while the Spark has 52.77 token generation, 977 for PROM processing. Pretty big difference there. As you can see, the type of model and the architecture of the model that you're running matters a lot. But let's say you're running a dense model and you want to save some money. The Thor is not a bad option. 128 gigs. But generally, the Thor is meant for applications like automotive, robotics. It's supposed to have deterministic latency, which means it doesn't vary its performance as widely as Spark does. I didn't test the variability between different things. I just showed you examples, but theoretically, that's what it's supposed to be good at. So, safety first, power conservative. We saw that it uses a lot less power than the Spark and the Spark would be better for bursty kind of applications and serving multiple users. Now, we took a look at Llama CPP. On the CUDA platform, you have VLM, which is really good at serving multiple users at the same time and doing concurrent tasks. I haven't showed you it in this case, but I did make a video about that. You can watch that right over here. Thanks for watching and I'll see you in the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @peacemercy7276 [1 likes]: JETson is for Jenson Huang
  2. @t803586: How many 100s of thousands is the channel omg
  3. @GeoffWong1983: so they r for robots
  4. @peerview: Thats a great giveaway,  If i get to be the lucky one, I would, or I am building a web solution where artist get 1v1 feedback from other artist or an AI Artist that has the knowledge of the art style they want to draw inspiration from.
  5. @EnderCrypt: i would build a new agent harness which i have in mind, inspired some by hermes agent, it'll feature self learning
the agent harness works on a different paradigm from other agent harness which work by the user typing a command or description in, and the ai does it
here, we instead have a sorta 'commandments', which the ai repeatedly, 24/7 works on, fullfilling, improving and fixing to comply, by never ending work
so you might write what you want, then go to sleep, and in the morning you might have 3-4 different compliant solutions for it
  6. @hacd10: Did you run it by using MLX feature on Mac mini ?
  7. @Physengineer: I recently started thinking about Local AI, and trying trying to figure out where to start.  So I am watching you channel closely.
  8. @michaelz3730: I am an amateur researcher who uses machine learning to analyze stormwater patterns to establish more robust techniques.
  9. @JPeachyDev: 4:15 "may not be as efficient" - I would argue that using memory adaptively could be a sign of more efficiency!
  10. @AlguienEnSuCasa: In llama.cpp I had the exact problem the Thor has in 13:58 with my amd rx 7800 xt, it always went from 0% to 100% multiple times during pp, I changed from vulkan top rocm and It went from a pp of 130tps to up to 1500tps with 100% flat line gpu usage. Maybe the Thor needs some tweaking to avoid requesting the cpu for something (it's likely invoking cpu sometimes for unknown reasons, as vulkan was doing in my local)
  11. @kushtra24: So if you have the money get the Nvidia DGX Spark, otherwise get the Nvidia Jetson Thor, but If im going to spend that much money I might as well go with the DGX Spark.
  12. @valdimer11: I'd go Spark for the x86 architecture.
  13. @antoinemanson4698: Mac mini takes advantage of shared memory if you use mlx so ollama doesn’t make it shine
  14. @m3mee2010: Well...if it's just a hobby, you can tinker with this stuff. If you are a serious user the next step is a DGX Station..
  15. @niteshyadav0903: 5 token per second is practically useless for agentic work flow
  16. @FurryButBald: I think you should have benchmarkes a mlx formatted model on the mac as its a different architecture. Plus you then would need to make sure you used a llm runner that support mlx (lm studio, omlx  etc)
  17. @PaulHoughton: I would update my openclaw to use a local model by default so then i can keep more of my queries local to me :)
  18. @Torresinc: Industrial inspection station
A fixed camera over a conveyor belt running segmentation models to detect defects, measure dimensions, or read codes. The Super variant's extra TOPS matter here when you need sub-100ms inference for high-speed lines, plus you can log analytics locally before batching to the cloud.
  19. @theMGKPL: 1 mmini < 2 spark < 4 thors. imo buy thors and cluster 😂😂
  20. @TheN8ism: Dude, this is the video I thought I was waiting for as I am caught between this exact purchase. Only you started by saying the Mac mini was 128gb but then clearly are showing 64gb at 9:14.

Edit: I'm full of crap. He never said that. he said the mac mini has the same memory bandwith as the mac mini.

- M4 Mac mini as a Home Server: Kind: captions Language: en-US My new base model M4 Mac mini will&nbsp; now become my new home server. There&nbsp;&nbsp; is NO reason for this to be on fire for this one. Im doing this because Im a little piggy and&nbsp; I bought an M4 MAX MacBook Pro for editing.&nbsp;&nbsp; Even though I JUST insisted to the internet that&nbsp; for videos like mine, NO ONE needs one of these. There are only a few things I want out of a home&nbsp; server. I want a huge redundant file storage set&nbsp;&nbsp; because Im a greedy photographer and hoarder and&nbsp; I have amassed over a terabyte of RAW image files&nbsp;&nbsp; that I never intend to throw away. Also the&nbsp; project files from these YouTube videos are&nbsp;&nbsp; sometimes 100GB each and need to get off my laptop&nbsp; after editing where they will sit in cold storage,&nbsp;&nbsp; but be accessible just in case I want to&nbsp; steal 3 seconds of B-roll from an old video. Second, I want a really good juke&nbsp; box for my garage studio that I&nbsp;&nbsp; can control from my watch because&nbsp; this place is also my home gym! Third, I want a computer thats always on, lying&nbsp; in wait, that I can call into from any TV in the&nbsp;&nbsp; house or actually any TV or laptop anywhere in&nbsp; the world, and stream televisions series through&nbsp;&nbsp; Plex that I have either ripped from blue rays&nbsp; that I own or legally attained some other way. I travel a ton for work, and I like being&nbsp; able to continue where I left off watching&nbsp;&nbsp; Madmen without having to fumble around with&nbsp; signing in to a hotel TV that inevitably&nbsp;&nbsp; wont work for who knows what number of&nbsp; reasons. Netflix always tells me I have&nbsp;&nbsp; too many users connected. Its annoying.&nbsp; Im one user with a bunch of screens. Oh and a time machine backup. Something living&nbsp; on my network that I can connect to over wifi,&nbsp;&nbsp; any time I get home, and from anywhere in my&nbsp; house, so that as long as my laptop is awake,&nbsp;&nbsp; it will automatically back itself&nbsp; up when Im at home without having&nbsp;&nbsp; to physically connect to an external drive.&nbsp; Because I am a mess. And because one day,&nbsp;&nbsp; wether out of a rental car or a remote work&nbsp; site, this computer will be stolen from me,&nbsp;&nbsp; I want to be able to clone a&nbsp; new one without any hassle. This little guy and a handful of periferals,&nbsp; does all of these things SUPER well and the&nbsp;&nbsp; vast majority of the time when its&nbsp; just sitting there doing nothing,&nbsp;&nbsp; it pulls very l little power and produces almost&nbsp; no heat, a LOT less power out of the wall than&nbsp;&nbsp; most other solutions for these very first&nbsp; world problems Im solving with it. I have&nbsp;&nbsp; a windows computer back there that never&nbsp; moves, but its got a 3080 graphics card&nbsp;&nbsp; and even at idle it will draw more power in&nbsp; an hour than this thing will in a whole day. My Synology NAS does most of this, some&nbsp; of it better, but cant be a juke box. My&nbsp;&nbsp; Raspberry Pi 5 can do all of these things,&nbsp; but I can’t get it to listen to my watch. So. Its the Mac mini. A home server&nbsp; can do a bunch more things than this,&nbsp;&nbsp; but these are the things I ask of mine. Starting with redundant storage. Hard drives are kind of big, and pretty&nbsp; slow. Which is why we don’t really use&nbsp;&nbsp; them in computers anymore. But for&nbsp; long term storage, they’re perfect,&nbsp;&nbsp; because they’re also pretty cheap - you can&nbsp; get a 4tb drive for like 75 bucks on amazon. I&nbsp;&nbsp; happen to have two of these because I&nbsp; was messing with this Synology NAS last&nbsp;&nbsp; week and upgraded it to SSDs. Wether you&nbsp; like it or not “@mynamehere” on youtube! I’ll need some way to plug them into my Mac mini,&nbsp; and I happen to have made a video a few months ago&nbsp;&nbsp; about ripping apart these seagate drives to&nbsp; get at their hard drives - and I pulled out&nbsp;&nbsp; the interfaces, which I will be using for this&nbsp; project. For hard drives, unlike with SSDs you&nbsp;&nbsp; need a powered SATA interface. Im pretty sure&nbsp; thats because hard drives need those 12v. SSDs&nbsp;&nbsp; can use the power off the USB port. So with ssds&nbsp; you can just use one of these tidy single cable&nbsp;&nbsp; adapters. But you can get a little SATA dock with&nbsp; power on amazon pretty cheap, Ill link one below. With these two 4tb drives both plugged&nbsp; into the Mac mini, open disk utility,&nbsp;&nbsp; Im formatting these drives to APFS, and&nbsp; under file you can go to the RAID assistant&nbsp;&nbsp; to turn these two drives into ONE drive that&nbsp; automatically mirrors itself to the other.&nbsp;&nbsp; That way whatever data you keep is on both,&nbsp; so if and when one drive fails in the future,&nbsp;&nbsp; you can swap it out with a fresh one&nbsp; and not lose your very important data. Bim bam boom, these two drives are now a RAID 1&nbsp; mirrored redundant backup drive. And as long as&nbsp;&nbsp; you go into system settings, search for sharing,&nbsp; and turn on file sharing.. When these are mounted&nbsp;&nbsp; on the Mac mini, I can get to it from any computer&nbsp; on the same network in the house and use it as&nbsp;&nbsp; a time machine backup, as well as just a cold&nbsp; storage folder in Lightroom to dump thousands of&nbsp;&nbsp; old RAW photos into. I’ll also use this to&nbsp; store old YouTube video project files onto. Next, the juke box! I got rid of my gym membership&nbsp; last year after doing the math on how much time&nbsp;&nbsp; it took to drive there and back 4 or 5 days&nbsp; a week (only a 15 minute drive works out to&nbsp;&nbsp; about 10 hours lost a month! Can you believe&nbsp; that?) and I used that to justify buying this&nbsp;&nbsp; power rack and a functional trainer thing&nbsp; and a bunch of weights to work out at home. I want to jam out while doing this thing, so&nbsp; Ive repurposed this giant PA system I used to&nbsp;&nbsp; use for live events in another life when I owned&nbsp; a company that put on marathons (of all things),&nbsp;&nbsp; were talking 18” subwoofer and a couple of PA&nbsp; speakers on the shelf there. Those run through&nbsp;&nbsp; the Mac mini with apple music.. And one of&nbsp; the benefits of keeping everything within&nbsp;&nbsp; the apple ecosystem, I can use my phone&nbsp; to pick audio, and just hit the button&nbsp;&nbsp; on the bottom and have it play through this&nbsp; computer so I don’t have to walk 5 steps to&nbsp;&nbsp; change songs or anything. I can even control it&nbsp; through my watch! What a world were living in. Mac mini as a media server. I recently discovered&nbsp; the joys of Plex. I know thats been around&nbsp;&nbsp; forever, but Ive just had a subscription&nbsp; to all the streaming services so I kind of&nbsp;&nbsp; ignored Plex. All it took was one hotel TV that&nbsp; wouldn’t let me download the paramount + app so&nbsp;&nbsp; I could watch YellowStone while I was on a&nbsp; job in Miami to figure out that if I own a&nbsp;&nbsp; show - if I rip something off of a Blu-ray, or&nbsp; download a show and have the file - I can access&nbsp;&nbsp; those files from ANY TV, even a dumb TV just&nbsp; with a Roku express 4k box. And since I live&nbsp;&nbsp; in a big house with three other people - the M4&nbsp; Mac mini has enough CPU and GPU and Media engine&nbsp;&nbsp; power to transcode files to everyones TVs all&nbsp; at once, even if the plex has to transcode a 4k&nbsp;&nbsp; .mkv file to 1080p so Bills TV can understand&nbsp; it - something my Synology NAS(car) struggles&nbsp;&nbsp; with because I bought the cheap one and its&nbsp; processor cant keep up with certain file types. Ive just got this Orico usbc hub with a built&nbsp; in NVME drive hooked up to the mini; this thing&nbsp;&nbsp; has a terabyte of fast SSD storage with all my TV&nbsp; shows and movies and it works surprisingly well! SO, Now this guy lives on the desk behind&nbsp; me back there, next to a huge mess of cords&nbsp;&nbsp; and dutifully makes my already relatively&nbsp; easy life, a few clicks easier still,&nbsp;&nbsp; and I keep it set up as a computer terminal&nbsp; too. Sometimes I just like a change of scene,&nbsp;&nbsp; so Ill write or answer emails from&nbsp; that desk instead of this desk.

  Top Comments:
  1. @cballenar [6 likes]: Hahaha, I love the commitment to actually light it up on fire... I was absolutely sure it was just an edit when I saw the thumbnail.
  2. @loweqcoach [3 likes]: Automatic subscribe, first time watch. Thank you for speaking clearly and plainly, showing your work and a realistic office. Thank you for your efforts.
  3. @DavidAlsh [1 likes]: God I wish they supported Linux on these things
  4. @Drscurly [1 likes]: Ooo Vicarious by tool is so good :)
  5. @MichaelXia8 [1 likes]: This was an awesome video! Really well narrated, and a super unique video format (relative at least to other similar kinds of videos)!
  6. @fitofacusse [1 likes]: Please make a step by step tutorial on how to set this up for plex and remote access 🙏🏼 Thank you!
  7. @yash7630: Apfs bruh
  8. @joseantoniorodriguez3081: Would this work with an old Mac mini? 2012model…
  9. @GwilymJames: Good choice of music.
  10. @vikramadityabhatnagar4085: You're listening to TOOL while working out? Video liked.
  11. @guelinchado: Liking the video just because I like Tool too.
  12. @BoomixDe: I tought the fire was vfx 😂
  13. @ghosthenson7759: If you're looking for a guide on how to setup a mac as a home server keep looking. This aint it.
  14. @dwdphoto: SLOW DOWN!!! we arent at an auction.
  15. @ChristopherDooks: I got to 10 concurrent 4k to 1080p transcodes on my M4 Max Mac Studio before I got bored, ridiculous thing. It's now taken on Plex duties as otherwise it just sits there drawing power when I'm not editing anything.
  16. @Well_Edumacated: the fact that apple baked the native applications into the OS PREVENTING their removal is FUCKING ANNOYING. now i have a $600 paper weight until i sell it.
  17. @MrTiki-ur4ul: can I also run home assistant on this?
  18. @Dylansm8: Very compelling case using a mac mini as a home server, especially compared to the cost of a decent NAS.
  19. @BrownieX001: How are you running the software and hosting the media? How are you streaming local music files with Apple Music? Do you plan to run docker containers or other things as well? How does this compare to the Synology or Unraid NAS setup in terms of simplicity?
  20. @SamTX3022: ….Apple TV for your movies and add an old AirPort Express for your audio solution is a cleaner solution…. external hard drive for “redundancy” KISS

- Claude Computer Use Might Be the Reason You Buy a Mac Mini...: Kind: captions Language: en Okay, this is getting ridiculous now. Claude just dropped computer use and I've got to talk to you about it because the implications of this are absolutely mind-blowing, particularly if you're the one tech person in your family that everyone asks to fix things. Let me explain. Well, let's go quickly over how to install it first because I had issues with this myself and I can just talk you through how I got it. So, if you go into your settings, it's up on the top left of the screen shares. Here, by the way, this is only available on Mac. Windows is coming. If you go under here, general, you'll see there's nothing here. I did not see this update thing here. I literally just restarted Claude and it worked on my Mac mini, which I'm trying to get a local AI working on it. We'll go over that in just a second. Let's click relaunch, see how we get on. Back in it, general, and here we go. We can see computer use. So, obviously, keeping things in mind, this is a beta. This is a preview for Pro and Max subscribers. And We've got I don't know why that's already granted, but on my Mac mini, I had to grant those things and we're kind of good to go. And then it's literally just a case of asking it to do something. Now, the priority order that takes place when you ask it to do something, first of all, it's going to try its connectors cuz those that's the most efficient way for it to do things over the MCP. And then it might even use the browser. So, that's a really interesting thing cuz it's very, very slow, the browser, I find. And then it's going to fall back to the screen interaction. Presumably, if it can do something through the web app, then it's going to try and do that. And then, so that's the kind of fallback thing. And the crazy thing here is that I'll flash some things on the screen that I was doing. Basically, I'm trying as I said, I'm trying to run local models on Open Claw you >> [snorts] >> in on the Mac mini to give you a kind of update on that. Subscribe for that video if you want to see it. I'm having all sorts of issues and one particular issue I had is that the formatting was incorrect in the responses of the of the inside of Open Claw. I literally just said to Coda, "What's going on with Open Claw with the malformed responses?" Gave me a response. I implemented what it said. It probably could have done that for me, to be fair, in hindsight. And it fixed the issue. And this was amazing because it means that I can just debug issues on multiple apps across multiple apps cuz of course, you got Open Claw in the browser, you've got LM Studio in the you know, running the actual model itself. Debugging and doing things from that perspective, it's really interesting. Also, if you've got CLIs and things like that, it can use terminal apps. I think that would be the most efficient way to kind of do a lot of like programmatic things like let's say background removal, let's say converting videos and things like that. Getting it to use terminal is a really, really cool thing. I use Warp, which is my AI terminal. This starts to potentially replace that because instead of asking Warp to do the thinking on on how it can convert a video to 1080p, which is something I often do. I'll ask Claude to type that into just a regular old terminal. I don't need to be concerned with all of that stuff. So, more and more, I'm liv- starting to live in the actual Claude desktop app to do get things done. It's crazy. Now, it's not the fastest, of course. Again, I'll flash some video footage up here of it just trying to check my calendar, but I don't think this stuff needs to be front and center of what you do. It's like you combine it with something like Dispatch, which allows you to message from your mobile version of your Claude to whatever computer you've got Dispatch um loaded onto. You set it off to go do something and then it allows you to then go do something yourself. Focus on your main work. Video editing is something I often have to do, which is just something AI cannot do just yet. I can get it to do admin, I can get it to do emails, I can do get it to do whatever in the background whilst I'm focused on the task at hand. You do need to allow a lot of permissions as you go through some of this stuff. So, I think Dispatch is a crucial partner to all of this. You can also run it on schedules as well, but again, the permission thing is something you'll run into, but you can still schedule opening a certain thing or doing a certain action every single day. This starts to become a a genuine reason to get a Mac mini because it one, it only works on Mac anyway, and two, because it overtakes your screen and has this orange border around it. You're not going to want to use the computer that's that's happen- it's happening on whilst it's doing it. So, I don't know. I mean, that Mac I was looking at returning that MacBook Air, but it's starting I think it's time to potentially buy a Mac mini or a Mac Studio, especially if you've got Open Claw set up on it and and various things like that. This is I think this this is big. And slowly and slowly, I think we're getting closer and closer to worrying about these Max plans being much less subsidized. It's been heard that we get up to $5,000 worth of inference on that $200 a month plan, which is just insane. A lot of this stuff does start to replace Open Claw. I think it will take some time to do so because it it works in slightly different way, but realistically, I mean, Open Claw is free. These combined is just insane. So, yeah, I mean, I had to get this video out quickly because it gets released in the middle of the night. I'm over here in the UK, but if you haven't used it already, I would get on it and start playing around with it and seeing what you can do on it as a side quest. Use another Use another Mac that you might have lying around. Again, just to underpin everything, the safety precautions and stuff like that, I probably won't get it get it to touch my emails and do anything sensitive. And you might have even seen as well that you can actually block it from using certain apps. So, there is that. Let me know what you're doing with what ideas you [snorts] have and your use cases for something like this. I'm definitely going to be installing more CLIs cuz again, they are more efficient and more less cumbersome than the actual desktop app. So, I'm going to sort of train it more towards using the the terminal instead. But that'll do it. Let me know what's going on. Anyway, like, subscribe if you're not already. Thanks to my patrons who support me directly. Until next time, keep on vibing.

  Top Comments:
  1. @0x5am5 [13 likes]: Your mouse is now obsolete. I told Claude to fix my computer and now it is trying to order a Mac Mini on my credit card, should I be worried or just impressed?
  2. @web-dev1x113 [7 likes]: You can use a VM with MacOS (e.g. Parallels), so you have an isolated environment for these things (also OpenClaw).
  3. @PhilMUK [3 likes]: Thank you for not declaring anything “dead” or “killed” in your title and thumbnail like all the other videos on this subject 👏
  4. @fn564t [3 likes]: Which mac mini specs do you recommend for fully automated claude ai agency?
  5. @mddsgn: This is getting so confusing. I hope you can help me.
  6. @tincup850: Question does this work with Linux forks? Thanks
  7. @robp784: Mac mini only or also Mac Studio m1?
  8. @daveseville6771: Wow this is crazy, I had no idea it could do this. How much RAM and Storage do you have on the MacBook Air though just out of interest is 16GB and 512GB enough in 2026. And if you got a Mac Mini would 16GB suffice?  Cheers,  great vid btw!
  9. @rickyposner6589: Are you using the $200 Max plan?
  10. @SergioBlackDolphin: Been doing this via Claude Code for quite some time. This is bringing this feature to the general public.
  11. @titsonafish: I can't respect anyone that publishes videos with their bed in the background.
  12. @thegildedgeezer: Well Met!, Super awesome peeps from here on a 11*c Cloudy ☔ day ☀ West Sussex, South Coast UK - Whatever you can do, or dream you can, begin it. Boldness has genius, power, and magic in it.

- I Turned My Mac Mini into a Homelab: Kind: captions Language: en In all my years of working with computers, I've never bought a a NAS system. I've never felt the need to actually get one of these and mainly initially because I was using cloud services and sort of that was ticking the box there, but as I've been more recently pushing away from subscriptions and cloud services and trying to get control over my kind of personal computing stack a bit better myself, I have been drawing my attention towards more of a NAS style system in my house and I've been exploring different options. But but what's happened is I ended up vibe coding a whole bunch of these apps um and I very quickly realized that I've actually sort of gone through this process of making a NAS system completely obsolete by doing this. I've I've I've just done it using my own computer and my own software. So, in this video I'm going to explain a little bit about how I've done this and what I've done and why I think the argument for a dedicated NAS unit now is weaker than ever. So, we hear quite often that the software that you get with a NAS unit is generally pretty clunky compared to the more polished cloud versions. Obviously, people are making more money from cloud subscriptions than selling NAS units. So, we get this idea that something like Apple Photos is generally a much more integrated polished experience, but ultimately for me it's also incredibly feature lacking. You know, the emission of pro-level culling tools just so obviously omitted from the features there to keep your library growing full of thousands of of you know, duplicate pictures and so on and not helping you actually delete that and get to the root cause of the problem and keep your library as small as possible. Um so, emission of things like that, but also emissions of things like raw processing and color grading using LUTs and and sort of presets powerful presets. So, I wanted to bring all of that into my own photo library tool, which is what I did when I vibe coded my own photo library app. Um but the way I did this in terms of building these apps was that I would build a web-based interface and run these things as like little web servers using Python just directly on my Mac and that meant these bits of software were fully available on any machine on my local network and it's very trivial to get these available to machines outside of your local network as well. You can use something like Tailscale or you can use a VPS with a reverse SSH tunnel um and you can you can do this without exposing your IP address to anybody on the internet as well. So, of course this is what a NAS does. You know, you'll have this machine running in your house that will have software running on it that will share your media and in in an app. You know, and you've got these different apps for different things, but they're all kind of very specific to the particular NAS units that you're buying into uh and then there's this idea that they're even worse than the cloud versions of that those applications and for me the cloud versions are already too limited for what I want. So, there's really no argument for from my perspective drawing me into a dedicated NAS unit. And of course, it doesn't just stop with the software. You've got this hardware issue as well. Like you're buying an entirely new machine whose only role is to become this NAS. And I know I talk about using individual tools for doing one thing and doing one thing well, but here I think this isn't actually doing it that well because it's a machine that you're spending a lot of money on that's still not going to be really powerful enough or certainly not as powerful as something like my new Mac mini which can do things like raw processing and video grading using LUTs in no time at all. That NAS is going to be an inferior approach to that than just using my own personal computer for this purpose. So, I think the right tool for the job in this case is obviously my most powerful computer. And of course, we have the economies of scale that Apple are able to offer these things like the Mac mini computers which just represent pretty incredible value. They run almost silently. They're perfectly happy just being left on all of the time because of their insanely low power use. They really are the best way of thinking about this and you can easily run these DIY software scripts on this Mac without it impacting performance and taking any performance away from whatever else you're doing on that Mac as well. So, I've basically built this suite of tools to recreate my own NAS style system running on my own Mac. Um and this includes the photo library application which has just got insane power face detection, raw processing, video color grading and so on. So, then I've got this email tool which I've done another video on um which allows me to compose in NeoVim and then use fast keyboard shortcuts for processing my email and getting back to inbox zero really quickly which is just again a perfect application to run in this way over a network through a web browser. The and the other one of course is my music streaming application which is obviously one of the primary roles you might have um a sort of media streamer running on a NAS system. So, I've ticked that box very easily here as well and created a UI that I think is really pleasant to use, much simpler and more engaging and more focus on the album artwork and the experience of playing with the visualizations running as well. Um all of these kinds of simple things. And then I've got this other another nice little one which on my mind is replacing Siri where I can put a voice question in and it will search my own Zettelkasten notes vault and give me a text response. So, a good example of how I can use this is I could ask for my recipe for my shampoo. Um instead of it just showing me the actual original document where I have that recipe, I could ask it for a different quantity and it would go through and convert all of those ingredients in the recipe to make my new desired quantity and it would spit that back. Um you know, I can ask it for talks for different bolts while I'm working on my Land Rover. I can just pick my phone up and talk into it and get the talk back. Um these kinds of real-life workflows I've found incredibly useful to run in this way as well. So, obviously this idea is all based on this idea of vibe coding these tools. I don't think anyone would have the spare time to put into these kind of personal projects if they were to have to write the code for all of these themselves and that's what's so fascinating about this because the existence and emergence of this vibe coding thing has just meant this entire business model of selling dedicated NAS units which is essentially a sort of software stack on top of fairly limited overpriced kind of hardware is kind of just taken the legs out from that in my mind at least. It certainly has for me. And you know, I'd hear hear this argument that a NAS system is is much more plug and play than this obviously, you know, but then for people who aren't that tech-savvy and just want plug and play then surely the cloud versions of those things are are the easiest option for them to get into anyway. They've got all of these things already on their phone. So, now that people with a bit of understanding of software development can vibe code their own tools, I think most people using NAS systems are pretty tech-savvy kind of people. I I really struggle to see the justification for these kinds of things now. And then in terms of this big picture discussion about AI and vibe coding, this is you know, really interesting ongoing discussion about the ethics of it and all of this and whether we should be looking to a future where we're offloading huge amounts of computer power to these vast data centers and huge corporations that are running these AI data centers and these things have issues with using fresh water and all of this. Obviously, there are all kinds of technologies being explored that don't just deplete our fresh water supply and are more energy efficient and all of these kinds of things, but we're also alongside all of this we're seeing major advances in open source models that you can run on your own machine. My M4 Pro Mac mini can run 14 billion parameter models reasonably well in terms of sort of overall cleverness. It's it's some way behind Lord code, but it's a sign that things are going in this direction. Two or three years from now when Apple hardware has continued on its its current trajectory and is just blazingly fast and wildly good value and incredibly energy efficient all these incredible advances in personal computing hardware, people are going to be able to run their own models on this. You know, and then we'll just have this distributed much easier to load balance power requirements rather than just having to make these individual data centers work in one place which obviously means all the energy and all the water cooling abilities needs to be condensed into one place. Clearly, it's easier as a society if we distribute this across um and just run it sort of on demand on our own little bits of hardware. I think um this is just my sort of I you know, I'm always looking for an optimistic take on this. So, I think um you know, I don't necessarily see this as all roads lead to us just you know, constantly pushing all our data off to massive corporations and huge data centers. I think there will be this decentralized approach to this as well. So, I think for me this has been the conclusion to a really long um take on on looking at the justification for NAS units. You know, I've always had this idea in the back of my mind as to whether there's utility in one. You know, do I need to go down this road? And then I look at the price and think I can't really justify that you know, considering what they do. Yes, I still don't really have a proper network sharing applications sharing system in my house. So, I sort of you know, was in that limbo position for some time and now with this AI vibe coding thing and building these tools, I've sort of inadvertently built my own network attached storage and streaming sharing system running off my most powerful Mac in the house with no compromise and no additional cost associated with that. So, I really am struggling to see the justification for a NAS unit now. So, let me know if I've missed anything. Is there some some brilliant justification for these things that isn't answered by this idea of just putting your own tools together and running them on your most powerful machine that's always plugged in kind of thing. Love to hear those comments below. I'll link to the video that I've done on my email tool which is one of the most exciting of all of the tools that I've built here and I'll see you there.

  Top Comments:
  1. @BenVallack [16 likes]: I think I didn't make it quite clear in this video I'm talking specifically about the all-in-one 'NAS units' that are sold with software and raid slots. The concept of NAS itself is of course not going anywhere - I just think it's easier, cheaper and more effective to make your own by sharing from an always-on computer. Also to everyone who is claiming such a unit is giving them data protection please note a NAS unit is still a single point of failure and as such cannot be treated as a backup device any more than a normal hard drive. Raid offers uptime not protection. I use a 3-2-1 backup strategy with the cloud service having ransomeware versioning as well. That is the minimum for backup and an all-in-one unit doesn't make that any easier to achieve.

Edit: I’m going to try a different title as I think it’s causing people to get off on the wrong foot with this. Previous title was: “NAS Units Are Obsolete Now?”
  2. @romangeneral23 [2 likes]: Does this guy know anything ? 
He vibe coded apps ? 
And now he thinks he does not need a NAS cause AI has replaced it ???
Are these words he wrote down on a script or did an AI generate it for him ?

This is next level delusion

Let me say it better: YOU DO NOT KNOW WHAT YOU ARE TALKING ABOUT
  3. @lchrjr [1 likes]: my 60TB of space beg to differ.
  4. @basdfgwe: The normal nas, as in a network attached storage - is for storage only... not running apps etc... The modern day nas os is now running apps, vms etc... to take advantage of the excess capability. 
But fundamentally it needs to take care of storage and redundancy - this is completely different to what you have described.
  5. @0xLoro: Correction: Apple hardware has never been good value (my last few years of personal experience). If you think you are paying bang-for-buck, you have some research to do :)

I'm posting in this video 3 months late: If you haven't already, I'll be curious to see your comments about the skyrocketing prices of memory and other hardware that indicate a trend of making it unaffordable to run AI at home on my own hardware with no middleman.
  6. @ralda1557: I dockerize all my custom apps. I run everything off of Unraid and I feel that gives you all of the flexibility reviewed from a NAS.
  7. @hat_dogs: agreed with your take, I also think this extends to so many more things than NAS. For example, Windows is no longer relevant. Why have an OS, everything can run headless to take advantage of the compute. Why buy several streaming services, own and share your media through your home server. I'm sure you could continue to brainstorm more ways this disrupts so much of what we know.
  8. @jackpaice: Have you made these bits of software available?
  9. @jordanandbobby: I just started looking into building a NAS so this video is perfect timing! I would love to know what storage bay recommendation you would have for HDD or SSD’s with your Mac mini
  10. @guidomulder682: Heh on the title change.  I have a raid 10 NAS and love it, use it for plex, will probably always have my own trusted storage.  Whether open source or commercial, I don’t think any home network setup should not have a NAS.  Introducing any level of redundancy to storage is a super powerful concept.
  11. @tracerVG: Did he ever mentioned which mac mini model ?
  12. @jefftrump1: Ben, this is a very good argument you are making - i.e., using a Mac Mini as your local network storage, media, file server. With your setup of using it also as an automation server and a local AI server / orchestrator - this is already making such a good sense to me. I am also n the journey of getting rid my iCloud subscription and moving all my data from it, to a local NAS system. And your video has given me some very interesting ideas. But I am not a software developer, and so do not have the software stack that you have to fully run my own tools for my media library. Do you have any suggestions for non software developers - to have a system like this?
  13. @kalyan3: photoprism, immich? naw - just vibe code it bro
  14. @jordanmccallum1234: There is definitely a significant group of people who are tech savvy enough to administer a pre-baked solution, but are unwilling to code one themselves. Having said that, any administration is too much if you want to convert the non tech savvy, which is an are of improvement for certain.

You touched on the hybrid-cloud approach with CloudFlare/tailscale but I think the benefits to consumers comes when you expand that mentality instead of considering cloud vs self hosting e.g. the convenience of could solutions and the flexibility of a system that can hold/serve arbitrary data from those systems at local speed.

I don't think people will need to care about any of this until things like google photos/Spotify start to enshitify to the extent of streaming services and people start to consider their photo library as held hostage rather than conveniently accessible.
  15. @Destide: Open source has largely always defeated the commercial home and small business nas for me. Debian with mergerfs, docker, Tailscale or wireguard has always been a decent stack. I went commercial and purchased unpaid and that's been a dream to use because of the one thing you might find and that's the community. 

This works great now but I wonder in 3-5 years would you know enough about the system to be able to address any issues like redundancy or efficient concurrency with security for what ever pops up in the coming years like the constant attacks on npm and nodejs?
You become a full stack sysadmin with a forgetful and often lying assistant as your only source of knowledge about the stack. 
So like so often when you give the llm a significant body of work you find yourself doing it because it's more efficient. 

Llms are great for broad strokes but I don't think I would trust something that this week couldn't link a printer to Windows using cups (true story) with my data.
  16. @rkaid7: Im surprised u make it through the dread and got this video finished and posted, or that you don’t don’t realise assisted IDE’s can vibe manage ur pfsense, proxmox, raspberry pi’s, vps over ssh. 1000’s of agents cloud and local working down ur root life’s kanban 

If u read this comment, ud be first influencer to mover properly on this. 

My crew lost our minds 2months ago 

Welcome
  17. @ControlAltPete: I’ve got a server in a closet running Linux, ZFS and docker doing exactly what you’ve described, Ben. The real question is I’d like to know more about your vibe coded apps. It isn’t trivial to spec exactly what a ‘photo management app’ should do, or what an email culling app should do.
  18. @TechboyUK: In a multi-user environment (family home) a NAS is preferable over a laptop as it's always on (not popped out to a cafe) and its resources are dedicated (not high at times) eg the person on the laptop might be doing programming, gaming, etc which might have high resource, which might slow down operations for other people eg watching of videos, file transfer, etc.
  19. @m-dstoic: For pure backup I've settled on backblaze. Not sure about laptops or the mac ecosystem, but a modern desktop can easily be expanded with multiple 4tb m2 ssds. They'll backup all of it for 9 dollars a mo. It helped me unsub dropbox, and I also don't feel the need for RAID or local backup setups.

Another cheap option is google drive with paid workspace. Not unlimited, but easier to manage and cheaper than dropbox for files you need to for work or share across groups. A shared folder created under a paid account won't count as space on any account it's being shared with, unlike dropbox. So even for yourself you can have multiple google accounts and just have one paid one to take care of storage quotas. If you're anti-AI maybe you don't want to touch their cloud, but if you use AI, then there's no avoiding google at this point.
  20. @goblinsflying: Ben, ever since I stumbled across your channel, my life has changed a lot. Your videos have really changed the way I approach learning, at a fundamental level. Thank you very much.

- M4 Mac mini - The Perfect Home Server!: Kind: captions Language: en This is my old and busted Mac Mini, and here's the new M4 Mac Mini. Come on, I'm not really gonna throw it. I'm replacing my old Intel Mac Mini with an almost base model M4 Mac Mini, and I'm basically shoving it in a cabinet to do a bunch of things behind the scenes as my home server. So I'm gonna show you how I set it up for Plex, Homebridge, doing things with my family iCloud accounts, give you a little background on my networking setup and what makes that possible, and why this little machine is really close to perfect. So this is the almost base model M4 Mac Mini. The only thing I upgraded was the SSD, and I brought it up to 512. The Mac Mini that I'm replacing which is right here had a 256 SSD and I was nearing that limit so I just wanted to get a little more. Now just to give you an idea here's the old style Mac Mini in space gray. Where's the new one came in color? I mean just look at this concept. But you can see how much smaller the new Mini is compared to the old one and here's actually the newest 4k Apple TV if you want that comparison as well. Thickness wise you can see the old Mac Mini versus new versus new Apple TV and the new Mac Mini is the tallest but you just cannot beat this compact size And this is gonna be perfect when I shove it in a closet and never look at it again. And before I go plug it in, I love these two USB ports on the front because this is mainly gonna run headless. And the few times I wanna plug in a keyboard and mouse, these are gonna be really convenient. And on the back, I hardwire it by Ethernet. I do have some Thunderbolt accessories I wanna talk about. And for the HDMI port, I was gonna connect this to my receiver, but I was actually having some trouble with that. So I'm gonna use this thing, which I've been using for years. It's basically a little HDMI dongle and it makes the Mac think it's connected to a 4K display. This way when you screen share over the network or use an app like Screen. I'm going to show you how I have that set up. You actually get a nice big display rather than kind of that smaller window. So I'm going to go plug this back in and then I'll show you how I use it. So this M4 Mac Mini is actually going to live in the entertainment center in my family room. Connected to Ethernet, several USB devices including an Elgato video capture device which I'll get to in a second, a webcam, and it lives alongside my UniFi little mini switch here as does the Apple TV that I just showed you. And then as far as the full network side, I have a closet here with a Ubiquiti system. I have a Dream Machine SE, another switch, plus I have my Synology NAS and two APCs making sure everything stays powered up. Now if you want to go back and see me like wiring the house and doing the entire network setup, I actually have a whole playlist called "Building a Smart Home" and I actually walk through it like from the studs like me running cables so you could check that out up here. But once I started up the Mac Mini and put it in that cabinet I'm probably never gonna see it again and it was tough. But I pushed that power button the one time I'll probably ever touch it. Now how I normally access it is either from a Mac, either my Mac Studio here or my laptop. I just share the screen and I have a few things automatically open. So I have this Mac Mini to set up to auto login to my account and I feel pretty secure because it's headless. There's no other way to control it except when I share the screen or use the screens VNC app. So you can have that set if you go to the Apple icon and system settings then go down to users and groups and here you can set one to automatically log in and I have it do it as myself. Also if you go down to the lock screen settings I have this start screen saver never because it's not actually connected to a display so it doesn't matter and turn display off never. Again because I'm an HDMI dongle and so this actually doesn't matter because this thing just never goes to sleep. It is always awake and that's kind of the biggest benefit of having a little Mac Mini server is my Mac Studio, my studio display. I don't want those on all the time but I can have this little m4 Mac Mini always on always at the ready to do whatever. Now I have several login items when this Mac starts up which I also have it under the energy settings to start up automatically after a power failure but if you go down to general and then go to login items This is where you can set everything to automatically. So if it starts up after power outage, automatically logs in it myself, I know that this Mac Mini is always going to be in this state. And I open some applications here. I can't talk about this one, although I'm going to allude to it in a second. But I have Hazel for managing files. It connects to my Plex server, which is that Synology NAS in my closet that I showed you. It opens Screen Connect and Transloader. Now I'm going to start with Hazel because it's a super powerful application. I run it on all my Macs. One of the reasons I love Hazel, it's this little broom icon here in the menu bar. Just runs in the background. And if you ever want to delete an app that you didn't install from the app store, it has a great feature called enable app sweep and even multi-user sweep. So if you delete something like when I accidentally bricked my iPad Pro and deleted that weird iMyPhone app, this searches your entire library for files associated with that app and will delete those as well. That feature alone worth the price of admission. But Hazel, you can actually create rules to move files to certain directories or folders as they appear. So this Mac Mini has a rule where anytime a video file hits the desktop with an mp4 or MOV extension, it's gonna move those files to my Plex server, which is why I automatically have the Plex server attached to this Mac Mini. And I have a folder here called YouTube which I'll get to in a second. Now having a server like this always at the ready, you can probably use Hazel to do lots of powerful things and I want to be figuring out some more things to do with it. I never wanted to overload this Intel Mac Mini and I also just wasn't crazy about having my iCloud account and stuff syncing with this old of a Mac and being Intel. Maybe that's Apple Silicon everywhere. Now the other way I'll access this Mac if I'm not locally at my house is screens. This is an app from Adobea. Screens Connect is super powerful. You install the utility on the Mac you want to access and then you can have apps on your iPhone, your iPad, or other Macs which lets you VNC into those computers from anywhere. You see it automatically quickly VNCs into the computer. I can use my iPhone screen as like a trackpad. I can zoom in on the display and really use this computer from anywhere. I don't typically like having a VNC running on my main Mac. all the time. so the Mac Mini always on is another way where I can network into my house from anywhere in the world but i'm not keeping a ton of sensitive information on that particular computer. now like I mentioned the one thing I updated on this Mac is the SSD which I like going to view show status bar and then you can kind of check the available space. so I have under 300 gigs available which I feel this is going to last me a long time again because most files just get moved to the plex server. now kind of my most common use case here and i'm only going to be be able to talk about it in general terms is I use the app called Transloader. So I have Transloader on a Mac and I have it installed on multiple Macs then you can have the app on your iPhone your iPad and your other iOS devices and Transloader basically lets you take any link or basically anything from the share sheet. So if I was here like in YouTube I can hit the three dots I can go over and hit Transloader then I can send this link to any of my computers including the M4 Mac Mini. Now once Transloader gets that link you can have settings here where Transloader decides what to do with it. It's here under the Actions window. Now, a lot of the links I'm sharing are of a particular kind, and so I have those links automatically sent to this application. And then that application does some other things and moves it to my Plex server. Now, I can't tell you all the details about what I'm doing there, but I will put a sneaky link down in the video description if you would like to see my whole process and talk about those two apps in more detail. So it's down there. Now, technically, you can move your photo library on your Mac and you can go to Photos, Settings, and here actually choose a different library location. now I tried to do that on my mac studio and it gets a little weird saying it's going to stop icloud syncing and all that. and I asked the atp guys and they said they really like keeping their icloud photo library on the local ssd of their mac. so for this one i'm actually going to move this to my synology basically by going to my synology and copying it somewhere in my home folder. that's going to take a while. but then i'm going to point this icloud photos library to that library and see if it syncs. so subscribe, follow along because i'll be doing that soon and I'll let you know how that process goes. I'll be honest but we'll see. The other two big use cases I do regularly is my kids have iCloud accounts and they're in an iCloud family but they're not attached to a Mac because there's no family Mac. So what I like doing is actually having their accounts logged into a Mac if I ever need to manage it or change screen time settings and this way it's syncing now to an Apple Silicon Mac because I found having the Intel one as part of the iCloud family was a little funny. Plus they can also log in as their user which comes for this second big reason. My middle son wants to do more video game streaming for Fortnite and because it doesn't have a Mac available, streaming that and doing a video camera is really hard. So this M4 Mac Mini is going to become a mini streaming machine. Now I've used Ecamm to live stream before, that's a great option. I'm actually going to use Riverside to live stream because I can also get high quality recordings and I'll be saved to my Riverside account in the cloud rather than the local Mac so it's not going to be taking up as much SSD space. Disclaimer, yes I work for Riverside, but yes I also just use it for primary tech, my video podcast, which you should totally watch it right up here. Now I use Brave when I'm using Riverside or for anything that I need a Chromium browser for, and just so you know there's actually an iCloud passwords extension that you can add to Brave or Chrome or Microsoft Edge so you don't have to save passwords to the local browser. And I typically pin it up here in the toolbar and now I have all my iCloud passwords synced in this browser but nothing saved locally to Brave, it's still my iCloud passwords. So I can log into my Riverside account, again this is the M4 Mac Mini that's by the Entertainment Center in the family room. Of course you have to approve all the permissions like camera and microphone for the first time you're doing anything. And you might have seen this in the Bugato HD60, that video capture device connected to the Mac Mini. That's what I'm using one of those Thunderbolt ports for on the back. I can use it for the camera and microphone input here so it'll go to the live stream, and it has HDMI pass-through so the audio is automatically going to go out. Now instead of using that for the mic I can also connect a USB microphone, which is why I have that other extra USB-C cable connected to the back. And then once my Sun starts up as PlayStation and he's streaming, I can then add things like Twitch, a YouTube channel, or any RTMP destination and the... they could have a USB microphone that Elgato capture... that Elgato capture device is right here and the M4 Mac Mini is gonna be great for streaming that. I mean the Intel one could kind of handle it but I'm not gonna have any issues I know with an M4 just doing like 1080p streaming. And the great thing about the screens VNC app is I can set it up on his iPad where he can actually VNC into his account here on this Mac and start the live stream. It's annoying enough where he probably won't do it all the time and of course it still has all the screen time parental controls, but it makes it possible streaming. He can start, record it, do all of that, all being powered by that tiny little machine in the cabinet. Now one of the things I was using the older Mac Mini 4 was Homebridge, and if you're not familiar, Homebridge is kind of a third-party hacky way of getting smart home devices that are not directly HomeKit compatible into your home app. Now you can install Homebridge a variety of ways, doing it through Homebrew, but I've used it a lot in the past. I used it with my old Roomba vacuum, my Vivint security system, and I thought about doing it for my home theater receiver. And the Tesla that I have, because you can actually get all of that in the Apple Home app. In my experience using Homebridge multiple times in the past, it can get a little flaky, the accessories don't respond, you get all the errors because they're not officially licensed, and you have to keep up with updating Homebridge, with updating Python I think it is, and then updating the plugins. I've decided I just don't want to do that. And so if you have a Mac like this in a closet, Homebridge is a great option. I know there's a lot that use Home Assistant, and that might be a more powerful option. I might look into that, but let me know. down in the comments. Are you going to use something like a Mac Mini or do you use a Raspberry Pi for Homebridge or Home Assistant? And do you find it worth it? Like what accessories actually make that worth it? Let me know. But if you have any questions about this setup like Hazel, Transloader, or more, just leave comments below this video. I'd love to answer you there. And don't forget to subscribe to the channel and hit that like button. I recently went over all the updates to macOS Sequoia 15.1, which I can actually get Apple Intelligence on this, but all the features I go over in this video right here are actually not Apple Intelligence. They're just for any Mac that is Sequoia, like iPhone mirroring with drag and drop and more. And if you want to learn more about my smart home, I actually did an entire tour with all my smart home devices. I'm going to be updating that tour for 2025, but you can see the last version of it right here. Over 100 Apple HomeKit devices, so hope you enjoy that too. Thanks for watching. I'll catch you next time.

  Top Comments:
  1. @DacMan777 [1 likes]: Slow down. You talk way too fast.
  2. @MarcusOSullivan123 [1 likes]: Hey Stephen, only last Saturday did I buy my first ever Apple Product which is going to be the M4 Pro MacBook Pro 16". I have been a Windows user since birth! Would love to know has anything changed in this workflow since you recorded this video and if u are happy with how its going? I love Unifi too and only last week dad bought the Unifi security cameras and there latest recorder NVR!
  3. @AtTreehouse [1 likes]: Stephen! Great channel!
  4. @aaturharsh: Dude, you gave entire university graduation in one video. It would be great if you can create a series and split this video in multiple shorter one with more details. But great stuff.
  5. @YouTubeOwl: How is running a Mac Mini with auto log in but no monitor (what is referred to as headless in this video) secure? In Linux, everything auto starts but still requires a log in. And so, if a linux server gets physically stolen, the thief still can't access anything without a log in even if they plug in a monitor. On Mac with auto log in, is that still the case? Or if the Mac get's stolen, can the thief plug in a monitor and just reboot the PC and they are auto logged into the PC?
  6. @Gramscidvdandvhs89: “New Mac mini and a Sneaky Link“
  7. @shaneeegan: with all the devices you use, what are the power costs and consumption like?  Is there a step by step approach to organising an m4 mac mini as a home server? Thanks Stephen. Shane, Clonmel, Tipperary, Ireland
  8. @PeterMurrayj: Gotta run plex on that thing and get an external bay to replace the Synology NAS. Condense
  9. @maplephp: try the arr stack no need hazel to move files
  10. @gibsonhenry-e2b: Really cool moment in this video  didn’t expect it to be this entertaining.
  11. @MatthewMMIGBHKSAD: Were you able to setup the mac mini remotely, or did you have to plug in a monitor and peripherals?
  12. @braxoff5th: I knew you were the guy from the Riverside homepage
  13. @thebreezer: you talk too fast
  14. @wildeco: Very nice detailed description. Thank you!
  15. @faucar93: wait , does this means you can NOT use SSH to a mac mini ? should it always be plugged into a fake hdmi ?
  16. @BryanMiraflor: hmmm searched your youtube videos but couldn't find any content on synology servers - would you be able to point me to any locations where I can learn how to set it up? I currently have a Synology DiskStation DS1522+ but i'm not quite sure how to get everything started
  17. @mehmd1913: I’m thinking you can add a thunderbolt NAS to the mini and open file share to access it. Add the appropriate permissions to those who have access to the share. You can back up to the NAS and have redundancy.
  18. @ElaisAinsworth: Screens is not free software btw...
  19. @rogerf3622: HomeBridge is a necessity to use Unifil cameras in Apple Home or to use Bond that can control any RF device like screens, fans and blinds.  The Bond device is one of those hidden gems.  You are right about some of the updates on HomeBridge but just ignore them and the HomeBridge keeps working.
  20. @chi027: is there a way to backup all iclouds photos and videos to a harddrive?

- The M4 Mac Mini NAS.: Kind: captions Language: en-US The M4 Mac mini NAS. Its like&nbsp; a regular M4 Mac mini, but NAS. This stands for Network Attached Storage - pretty&nbsp; much, I’m going to take this Mac mini, plug&nbsp;&nbsp; a bunch of things into it and then install some&nbsp; software on it, that makes it so it can do what&nbsp;&nbsp; this can do - a Synology NAS, which is nothing&nbsp; more than a tiny computer, a much weaker computer&nbsp;&nbsp; than the Mac mini, mind you, with a built in RAID&nbsp; controller and a couple of slots for SATA SSDs.&nbsp;&nbsp; Then a network adapter so it can sit and live on&nbsp; your local network and perform a variety of tasks. With this pile of peripherals, a 5gigabit USBC&nbsp; to ethernet adapter, a thunderbolt dock, a USBC&nbsp;&nbsp; hub and a bunch of external SSD Drives - and yes,&nbsp; commenter, I recognize that some of you may have&nbsp;&nbsp; a hard time trusting everything being connected&nbsp; over USBC as opposed to a more permanent thing,&nbsp;&nbsp; like built in storage or PCIE cards that are&nbsp; screwed down. But, nothings moving over there&nbsp;&nbsp; after this is set up. There are no cats in&nbsp; this garage, I don’t have any kids with there&nbsp;&nbsp; sticky grabby hands.. And its a fine idea&nbsp; to occasionally reset your computers anyway,&nbsp;&nbsp; which will reconnect any thunderbolt or USB&nbsp; accessory that unmounted itself if that happens. Heres why you might want a NAS to be&nbsp; a part of your home network. Well,&nbsp;&nbsp; these are the reasons I have one on mine. Centralized storage accessible from anywhere&nbsp;&nbsp; on the local network and with a couple of&nbsp; extra steps, anywhere in the world! a variety&nbsp;&nbsp; of storages in my case. In transforming my Mac&nbsp; mini into a NAS (I’ve already said NAS way too&nbsp;&nbsp; many times here) I am going to be plugging in&nbsp; this Orico USB-C hub with a built in SSD. The&nbsp;&nbsp; hub is for a keyboard and mouse since this is also&nbsp; a computer station that stays set up in my studio&nbsp;&nbsp; back there, but this particular hub also has a&nbsp; 1TB NVMe drive built into it! This is going to&nbsp;&nbsp; be my initial Plex repository. More on that in a&nbsp; minute - but Im ALSO attaching this thunderbolt&nbsp;&nbsp; drive enclosure from Zike - this one has a&nbsp; thunderbolt 4 connection, so its a super fast&nbsp;&nbsp; drive. It can read and write at 5000MB/second. and&nbsp; since I have a 10gbps network in my studio, I can&nbsp;&nbsp; centrally store my Final Cut Pro project files,&nbsp; thats the application I use to edit these videos,&nbsp;&nbsp; and I can access this drive from My MacBook&nbsp; Pro over at this desk, or my Mac mini over at&nbsp;&nbsp; that desk - and continue editing where I left off&nbsp; without ever moving files back and fourth (I like&nbsp;&nbsp; to switch up where Im sitting throughout the day,&nbsp; to keep things interesting over here). Plus this&nbsp;&nbsp; way I dont have to beat up on my MacBook Pro SSD. Next Im plugging in a Second super fast&nbsp;&nbsp; drive - this other 1 TB drive from Orico called&nbsp; the Mini Mate. This one sits right under the Mac&nbsp;&nbsp; mini, and this drive will be used exclusively for&nbsp; MacOS Time Machine Backups. Any time I come back&nbsp;&nbsp; from a trip, I travel for work a lot, as long as&nbsp; Im on my own wifi or plugged into the network,&nbsp;&nbsp; I can mount this drive plugged into my Mac mini&nbsp; from my MacBook Pro. And this drive is set up so&nbsp;&nbsp; that any time it mounts, it automatically does a&nbsp; time machine backup. Doesn’t matter if Im sitting&nbsp;&nbsp; out by the pool just on wifi, or if Im plugged&nbsp; into the hard line with a 5gig ethernet adapter,&nbsp;&nbsp; although it’ll backup about 5 times as fast over&nbsp; ethernet. So whenever the time comes where I&nbsp;&nbsp; destroy this thing on accident or get it stolen&nbsp; from the show office of a venue in New York,&nbsp;&nbsp; Ill be able to call upon this backup and restore&nbsp; a new computer to this ones previous state. And&nbsp;&nbsp; ALL of these drives are accessible from anywhere&nbsp; in the world over the internet by using a free&nbsp;&nbsp; software called TailScale. You just install&nbsp; that on both computers, and you can mount, for&nbsp;&nbsp; instance, your time machine backup drive from 1500&nbsp; miles away over the internet. My home internet is&nbsp;&nbsp; 1gigabit up and down, so as long as the internet&nbsp; Im accessing it from is also pretty fast, this is&nbsp;&nbsp; a super useful way to have access to very large&nbsp; or specific files from your Mac mini NAS while&nbsp;&nbsp; you are away from home. Like having&nbsp; a 6TB thumb drive in your pocket! Are we on 3? Plex Media Server. Plex is a&nbsp; software that makes it so you can take movies,&nbsp;&nbsp; TV shows and video files that you have physically&nbsp; stored on your computer and play them on any TV,&nbsp;&nbsp; or computer or phone thats on your local network.&nbsp; And if you have the Plex Pass - you can play those&nbsp;&nbsp; files on any TV in the world as long as you&nbsp; have internet! So I can continue right where&nbsp;&nbsp; I left off watching Back to the Future II in&nbsp; some hotel room in New York, through plex,&nbsp;&nbsp; and basically my Mac mini is my very own Netflix&nbsp; server. I recognize this is a grey area, but I&nbsp;&nbsp; want to be clear that I DO pay for apple TV, so&nbsp; when I do things like download the entire second&nbsp;&nbsp; season of Silo - I have already paid for that&nbsp; show, dangit, I just want to be able to watch it&nbsp;&nbsp; from the plane over wifi from my very own server. And finally a RAID 1 mirrored disk array. With&nbsp;&nbsp; this contraption - really this is just two more&nbsp; external SSD docks side by side in an aluminum&nbsp;&nbsp; case for heat dissipation. But in here, Ive got&nbsp; two 2TB NVMe drives. And they are set up in a&nbsp;&nbsp; RAID 1 configuration. Mac has its own built in&nbsp; RAID controller. You can take any two drives that&nbsp;&nbsp; are the same size and media type - open up disk&nbsp; utility, go to File and choose RAID Assistant,&nbsp;&nbsp; tell it to set up a Mirrored RAID 1 and what this&nbsp; does is combine these two physically separate 2TB&nbsp;&nbsp; drives into what mounts as 1 2TB SSD drive on&nbsp; your desktop. Anything that you put into that&nbsp;&nbsp; drive will get copied across both physical&nbsp; drives. And this is good because SSDs DO&nbsp;&nbsp; occasionally and eventually fail. Due to&nbsp; a random defect or who knows what else,&nbsp;&nbsp; but you really do want to store priceless&nbsp; data files in a way where if one of these&nbsp;&nbsp; drives does fail, the other one still has all&nbsp; of the data, then you replace the failed drive,&nbsp;&nbsp; and it will automatically copy that data over to&nbsp; the new drive you put in here and you never lose&nbsp;&nbsp; your most precious files. This, for me, is my&nbsp; photo library from my big camera - my Lightroom&nbsp;&nbsp; library is pretty big and it goes back over as&nbsp; decade, so I have offloaded it onto this RAID,&nbsp;&nbsp; and I actually keep another copy of it on&nbsp; my old Synology RAID also, so there are 4&nbsp;&nbsp; copies of all those pictures. And then also&nbsp; things like my bitcoin wallet seed phrase. If&nbsp;&nbsp; you lose that 12 word phrase, that money can&nbsp; get locked away forever and wow thats scary,&nbsp;&nbsp; so I keep several copies hidden away definitely&nbsp; not in a file named Bitcoin wallet seed phrase!. The M4 Mac mini can handle all of these things&nbsp; and still also just be a desktop computer.&nbsp;&nbsp; So I don’t know, if you’ve got a kid&nbsp; and you’ve given that kid a Mac mini&nbsp;&nbsp; as his desktop computer, you can make&nbsp; use of it in this way while the kid&nbsp;&nbsp; still uses it to have chat gpt do its&nbsp; homework. How about that now. Goodbye!

  Top Comments:
  1. @christotheg01 [7 likes]: The info you came for starts here: 8:00
  2. @archit_sar13 [1 likes]: At this point my every question related to mac is answered by this guy 😅
  3. @NNNN-2OO9-n29 [1 likes]: 4:50 How do you download movies and TV shows from Apple TV+ and remove the DRM?
  4. @ARTCHANIFY [1 likes]: love the production values! great clip
  5. @TheVinny31: Bro got 4 contingencies, he can challenge american millitary.
  6. @RAG0407: I combined a Mac mini m2 pro with one das with hdd and sdd.  All with one cable.  Works well.
  7. @TheOfficialFloridaMan: Btw you can use fbackup to make a mirror clone of any files onto a new drive and it won’t take up the entire drive. You get more storage doing it that way and it’s not Mac proprietary
  8. @bugsysiegals: Fantastic video!!  I created a brand new account on my Mac specifically for crypto that has never installed anything except my wallet software and only logged into coinbase.
  9. @beardedbiker2647: Can the mini be accessed without setting up an Apple ID on it? I ask because if your Apple ID ever gets compromised they will have access to all your files on all devices associated with it.
  10. @bc8079: Good Video. I did a very similar setup as you. 
I removed  (sonarr, radarr, nzbget, plex) and run them on my mac mini. Video station on synology was retired.
Removed (synology photos) and run Immich (free open source) on the mini. 
Removed (surveillance station) and replaced my cameras with better resolutions and built-in memory cards. (synology charged extra for more cameras)
Removed (home assistant) and run it on my mini (free)
Removed (hyper backup) and run Backup-Pro to a external HDD. (I need a solution for backing up to an off-site computer )
Removed Synology Drive and run Resilio (free personal licence) 

Since synology likes to remove functionality, I removed synology ;-)

The mini is many times more powerful than the synology, including the 10Gbs network (upgraded) compared to 1Gbs (synology). All the ports i left open (on the router) for the synology apps are now closed and use tailscale on the mini as well.

Thanks for the video.
  11. @AndyJMacLeod: A Mac Mini is overkill for a NAS. Seems like a waste of the M4 chips's potential...
  12. @DacMan777: I may visit that garage when you are asleep.................😎
  13. @PursuitsHouseOfPost: Just FYI there's a weird ass hum/squeal throughout this vid
  14. @iamkgn: Great video! Inspired me to get a Mac mini with two external hard drives! One issue I am running into is the drives keep unmounting when the computer goes to sleep or locks the screen. What settings did you use the fix this?
  15. @tobiaskuehnis: Your intro and setup is epic! 🔥
  16. @elementkx: You should tattoo the bitcoin code on your lower back.
  17. @saruxxox: No explanation at all
  18. @joelnrs: For the workflow you are describing I think this setup works out well. These are good ideas. My concern with setups like this is silent data corruption on the RAID 1.
  19. @marcellofrisina6460: Never seen a video with vibes this good, that also managed to give absolutely zero instruction lol. The whole thing was just connecting drives to a Mac mini... where was the instruction on how to actually make the Mini a NAS??? Guess I'll have to find that info elsewhere. Good vibes tho, good vibes...
  20. @Captinofthemudslayer: your setup is too complicated .... you could this which was less stuff

- This MacBook Setup Will 10x Your Productivity: Kind: captions Language: en most people struggle with productivity not because they don't have the right tools but because they don't have the right system a cated Mac a disorganized workflow and the wrong apps can slow you down more than you think plus when you pay so much money for a Macbook you better get the best out of it and so in this video I'll show you the exact MacBook setup I use to stay focused organized and efficient so hopefully you can find some tips and tricks to apply to your own work for and just so you know this is the exact system I use to run a seven figure business coach hundreds of professionals and how to create content for this channel every app every setting and every workflow is optimized to make work easier and faster with zero chances to be distracted so let's start with the foundation workflow My Philosophy is very simple minimize distractions and maximize focus and for that I use Focus mode to block notifications and create a workplace optimized for deep work I do this because it's the only way I can protect my time and be super efficient if you're Anyan like me as soon as I get distracted even if it's just a 2 minutes phone call it completely destroys my flow which is why I don't allow it to happen when I'm in Focus mode the only notifications I receive are from my calendar or phone calls or messages from a few key people everything else is silencing next I keep my dog incredibly clean only the essential apps I use daily reside here everything else is stucked away in folders or accessed through Spotlight this minimize visual clutter and prevents me from getting sidetracked so if your desktop looks like a junkyard that's the first thing to fix now let's talk about organizing your finder and file system properly most people I know just throw all their files into downloads or desktop and then they waste time searching for them later but a clean file system equals a clear mind so if your desktop is full of random files turn on Stacks you can right click and use Stacks automatically groups files by type making everything look instantly cleaner you can also Group by dates tags or apps organize it your way and to have quick access to important folders in instead of clicking through finder every time you can customize your finder sidebar you can add folders you use daily like work content templates remove folders you don't need to declare the sidebar or even use Tex to categorize files by projects urgency or type you can also create smart folders which gives you instant access to what matters smart folders automatically filter and show files based on criteria you set for example a smart folder for all files created this week or a smart folder that shows all PDFs in your system or even a smart folder that filters all your final cut projects this makes finding files way faster instead of manually searching you can also use a simple file naming system that can save you hours over time for example you can always name files clearly and consistently like project name underscore date instead of Untitled one so at the end of the day if you optimize your finder and file organization you will never waste time searching for files again now let's add deep into the core of my setup the apps I rely on to get things done done notion and xiles this is where my day starts for project management task organization and building a comprehensive knowledge base I turn to notion or I used to I should say I've been using and exploring xiles as a potential alternative for a few weeks now particularly for visualizing complex projects and information and let me tell you I'm loving it from the Aesthetics to the incredibly easy and userfriendly interface I can see myself totally switching to this platform for my use case I find it much faster to use and it's so much simpler than notion that I actually didn't even need to watch a single tutorial to create this beautiful workspace and the best part it's just like notion the free version is more than enough for most users there are some downsides though the iPad version being the most significant for me the main issue is that you can't do simple things like navigate through your pages still I'm very excited to see how it evolves and at least for now it does everything I need next up it's got to be the Apple notes this is my digital brain I use it for everything from brainstorming and outlining scripts to jotting down quick ideas and keeping track of meeting notes the integration with my iPhone and iPad is simous allowing me to access my notes from anywhere and the best part it's free it comes with your Mac Apple notes has come a long way since it was launch you can create folders to stay organized add links from websites or save images you might need for future reference and now with apple intelligence you can summarize long tests rewrite them in different ways or even create tables in lists so for me is a must use app next is free form when I need to think visually and see the big picture free form is my go-to app it's perfect for my mapping collaborative brainstorming and sketching out ideas and although I mostly use it on my MacBook for review projects I still think it's worth mentioning since it's my go-to app for this kind of tasks more importantly it's completely free again it comes with all Apple devices I find it much easier to work on the iPad simply because of the ability to use the Apple pencil which makes managing everything much faster well at least to me now this one might seem like a small detail but it actually makes a huge difference in my productivity I'm talking about the web browser I use a lot of people don't even think about their browser when optimizing their Mac setup but it can actually make a huge difference in performance and workflow here's why I use Safari as my primary browser so unlike Chrome which RS battery and its Ram Safari is designed to be lightweight and power efficient and that means longer battery life and better speed because it's optimized for MOS there's also tab groups one of my favorite features for productivity instead of keeping dozens of random tabs open I organize them by topic I can have a research group a Content Planning Group a matrix group and This way everything stays clean and easy to access also something very important is that Safari blocks trackers and ads by default so you're not constantly being followed around the web the high distraction feature lets you remove unnecessary clutter from from web pages with one click making reading articles way smoother so Safari isn't perfect if you need Chrome only extensions or specific web apps you might need a different browser but if you want speed privacy and Battery efficiency it's hands down the best for Mac users now in 2025 AI is no longer a futuristic concept it's a productivity partner and for me sh GPT has become an essential tool in my workflow helping me save time generate ideas and refine my content I use it to generate new ideas for videos articles and projects it also helps me refine my scripts since English is not my first language I use chat GPT to help me refine my scripts improve Clarity and make sure my message is as impactful as possible but one of the most interesting ways I use AI is for challenging my own viewpoints instead of just looking for confirmation I'll ask what are the best arguments against my opinion on X topic and this forces me to think critically refine my stance and sometimes even adjust my perspective so in 2025 AI is not a replacement for creativity or deep thinking but if used correctly it can be a game changer for productivity and so far I covered the apps I use daily to stay productive organized and focus it but since I create content whether it's for YouTube or other platforms my workflow wouldn't be complete without these three essential creative tools so if you edit videos on a Mac Final Cut Pro is hands down the best choice at least for me it's optimized for Apple silicon incredibly fast and the Magnetic timeline makes editing much smoother compared to traditional track based editors and so here's why I use Final Cut Pro instead of Premier or other Alternatives first is the Speed and Performance because it's designed for mic OS Final Cut runs much faster than Premier Pro especially on Apple silicon Max so you can say goodbye to laggy timelines or random crashes it's also a onetime payment unlike ad do Premiere which requires a monthly subscription you pay once and own it forever and then you have the latest features the magnetic mes tool now makes object tracking even easier and the new AI power the captions can autogenerate subtitles in seconds saving tons of time now if you're looking for a free alternative D Vinci resolve is probably the most power option out there and it has a really powerful free version to use the learning curve is much steeper compared to Final Cut though if you're just starting out or need a fast and simple workflow Final Cut Pro is a much better option in my opinion I also use canva and it's my go-to for graphics and animations it's super intuitive and has thousands of templates that make designing quick and easy even for people like me that are not professional you can just drag and drop whatever you want so there's no need for advanced design skills it's not replacement for Pro Tools like Photoshop or after effects but for quick and effective designs canva is really hard to beat and if you need an advanced photo editing but don't want to pay for an adobe subscription affinity photo2 for me is the best alternative it's a onetime purchase just like Final Cut Pro and it's fully optimized for Mac so there's no subscription you pay it once and you want it forever it supports PST files advancing retouching and even raw photo editing and it is in my opinion perfect for creators if you need high quality image editing for thumbnails branding or social media this is an amazing alternative to photoshop so these three tools cover everything I need for video production graphic design and branding and by the way if you're Creator let me know in the comments which of these apps do you use the most or do you have any alternatives that work better for you so there you have it my ultimate MacBook setup for productivity in 2025 this is a system that empowers me to achieve my goals and I'm confident it can help you too remember productivity is a journey not a destination start by implementing the elements that resonate most with you and gradually refine your setup over time now I want to hear from you share your own productivity tips and tricks in the comments below let's learn from each other and build a community of Highly Effective MacBook users thanks for watching and I'll see you in the next video take care [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @TheFloatingBartender [31 likes]: A man from a native English speaker just wanna give you a bit of praise on your English, the fact that you said it’s not your native language your use of English is actually pretty awesome dude just saying
  2. @MickAlister [4 likes]: This video is more helpful than you know, and not just for content creators. Seeing the efficiencies of how you work across mac/ipad really helps. Thanks!
  3. @gregoc-tech [4 likes]: Apple Notes, hands down, is my most used app. Curiosity question -- what is the reason you use Safari on Mac and Chrome on iPad?
  4. @attilatokolics [3 likes]: Great video! I love this rainbow wallpaper. Where can I download it?
  5. @andrecreates [2 likes]: 🔥 Which app in this video do you use the most? Let me know in the comments! 👇🙂
  6. @kts-123 [2 likes]: I also found using a black background makes erveything way more focused and productvity
  7. @celcom989 [1 likes]: 8:46 bro is using an external trackpad, next to his trackpad...
  8. @Yilmazahmet54 [1 likes]: You can also start using latest and fastest laptops rather than MacBooks with foreheads.
  9. @bleitefilms [1 likes]: Great video my man
  10. @vajona2495: Smart and Mac in the same sentence is an oxymoron
  11. @basvh666: apple notes, apple calendar and apple reminders. its free. its fully integrated and it all works seemingly together 
any other extra paid app is dumb and goes against productivity.
  12. @TheThaiLife: Google Notebook LM's Audio feature is a better way to argue against and debate your viewpoints. Upload your ideas, audio overview, choose debate or critique.
  13. @paulorodrigues4359: 5 messes depois , que achas do xTiles ? Já meteste o Notion de lado 😊
  14. @mikerisner: Great video with several good points! Over the last year, Apple Notes has become invaluable to me. Sharing, collaborating, folders, and writing tools make Notes a powerful tool. I migrated my large OneNote collection and still have not regretted it. I agree with the vast majority of your app recommendations, but I've never understood the appeal of Canva or Notion.
  15. @DenysBabych: where i can find the wallpaper on the video preview with apple logo? thanks in avdance
  16. @valiapps: try this one for productivity is called focus window highlighter. it adds a subtle glow around the active window with a beautiful animation. feels like something Apple would’ve made, its perfect for dark theme.
  17. @rainbowwhisperss: I am a begnner video content creator with creating 4k videos from 20 min up to 1h, and I am on a budget. Do you think base M4 Macbook will be sufficent? (16GB/512 SSD) Planning to buy it
  18. @Griesinho: thanks so much... great video. Shows me that I'm on a good way with potential to improve :) I used Notion but it wasn't my style; so a friend recommended Craft - and I love it. In addition with GoodNotes on my iPad, Miro for workshop facilitation, Meistertask to organize my (and my client's to-do's), Apple Notes (as a casual suspect) and e.g. Hyperduck to easily send links from my iPhone to my MacBook. For video editing (which I do seldom) I use Filmora, for images Adobe Photo and Canva
  19. @nskmodnar: You should really check out Raycast. I will never use any mac without it. it's a MUST HAVE
  20. @American_Flick: Hi, André, great video! Thank you for reminding me how great the default Apple apps like Safari and Notes are. Could you share where you got that great wallpaper you're using on your Mac? I tried a few searches on Unsplash and similar sites but couldn't find anything close.

- Clawdbot + Mac Mini / VPS: The ULTIMATE LOCAL AI Assistant Agent has ARRIVED!: Kind: captions Language: en [music] Hi, welcome to another video. So, there is something that has been trending for a while and it is called Claudebot. I actually didn't quite get the hype until now, but after using it for a bit, I think that I finally understand it. And I want this to be a simple but effective tutorial on how you can set it up and what you should configure it with. We will go step by step. First, let's talk about what it is and how you should go about setting it up. Claudebot is kind of like Claude code, but it can be called upon like a person. So, let's say that you use something like Discord to talk with people. Then Claudebot can basically appear there as a person that is available 24/7 and does the work for you. It is really amazing if you think about it. But it is not just that because it is built on clawed code. You can configure it to do almost anything including coding for you. Or maybe you want it to check your step tracking and motivate you to be more active. So it is really useful even if you do not want to code. It is kind of like a clawed coworker but more easily accessible and active. I say active because it runs basically 24/7 and you can give it scheduled tasks and it pings you directly about that thing. So let's say that you ask it to ping you when it is 10:00 about joining a meeting. Then it will send you a message on any of your configured channels immediately, which is really awesome. Or you can also ask it to do scheduled tasks. So you can ask it to tell you about the Nvidia stock prices every day at 10 p.m. and it will just tell you about it every day with a ping. You can also just chat with it as a bot. It is very amazing. Like it is really good. You can configure it on anything, including the device that you are probably watching this on except for mobile phones. Most of my viewers are apparently on desktop, so that checks out. Many people are configuring it on things like the Mac Mini. I want to give my recommendations on the machine that you can configure it on towards the end of the video, but let's first get it installed. So you would have to get it installed with this simple command. Once that is configured, you can go ahead and run the Claudebot onboard command and it will give you multiple options. First, select the provider you want to use. It works with a ton of them, including the GLM coding plan. So that can be the cheapest and best option. Anyway, you can then configure the channels as well. You can configure Discord, Slack, WhatsApp, and everything here. I will go with no channels and just the Claudebot interface for now. You can then also configure some skills that will allow it to do much more stuff, which is all great. Then just follow the onscreen instructions and you should see this interface. It will give you the port on which it is started and you can ask it to do whatever you want. You would generally want to have it set up on a channel like Discord for super easy access, but the interface is also fine. There are a ton of channels here. You also get these options under channels where you can refresh the channels and stuff like that. You also have the connected instances listed here along with sessions. Sessions are basically just the clawed code sessions. You can make it break up your sessions based on the number of messages and everything. There is also theuler. This is where the tasks will be created when you ask it to do something at a later time. This creates a cron job. So claudebot will execute it at the expected time which is kind of cool for sure. It can be daily, hourly, or whatever it is that you want to configure. You don't need to come here to configure it manually if you don't want to as Claudebot can do it with natural language. So there is that you can also configure the skills that you wanted to have here in the skills config option as well. There is also the nodes option that allows you to set up allow lists, deny lists, and everything that you may need for the best deployment and stuff like that. In the settings, you also get all kinds of config for authentication providers and everything as well. But now let's talk about Mac Mini. So, if you are active on the Twitter space, then you would see that everyone is apparently buying a Mac Mini to run Claudebot on it. Now, you may wonder why. Well, this is because the Mac Mini M4 is like $599 and it is very capable and super power efficient. You can basically install Claudebot on it, throw it in a closet, and let it run 24/7 without thinking about power costs, and it just works. You can just have an AI assistant that Siri wanted to be, but keep it all local, which is kind of awesome. But I would like to say that if you can afford to pay $600 for a really good agentic assistant, then I would recommend it for sure. But you don't actually need that to be very honest. You can get something like a VPS, which can be more capable and costs only $5 a month. Yes, it might not be super local like you may want, but it does indeed save you a lot of time in configuring firewalls for best security. You can connect it to a domain for easy access, which is all very tricky when you try to do it on a local machine. A VPS will also come in handy for you to do other stuff as well. If you do want a lowerc cost machine but locally, then you may also have things like an old laptop or desktop lying around, you can resurrect that, install Linux on it, install Clawbot, and let it run in a closet. You will get some cool output from the junk you already have. If you're going for something super cheap and secondhand, then an Optiplex that goes for around $60 might also be super good for your use case. However, I think that the best option for you might be something like this Beink Mini, which costs about $270. You can place a 512 GB or 1 TB SSD in it, install something like Unrade on it and run Claudebot in a containerized environment. Or you can just install Omar and use that. It will cost you a bit less and you can add up to six slots of storage in it. So it will also come in handy as an NAS for you, which unfortunately the Mac Mini can't do. However, if you want no hassle and a thing that just works for this specific thing and is super efficient, the Mac Mini only draws like 5 to 7 W at idle and at max load, it can go to about 70 W, which is extremely efficient. It can also come in handy as an emergency computer if something breaks. So, it is not a bad option by any means, but you can also save some money if you want by running it on your current computer. I mean, I won't stop you from buying a Mac Mini because I like new and shiny stuff just as much as you. So, go ahead and run Claudebot on the new shiny Mac Mini that you want. That is mostly about it. I am enjoying Claudebot a lot and I would recommend that you check it out as well. Overall, it is pretty cool. Anyway, share your thoughts below and subscribe to the channel. You can also donate via super thanks option or join the channel as well and get some perks. I'll see [music] you in the next video. Bye. >> [music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @karvuno: can a M1 macbook pro works for this? (base model with 8gb ram )
  2. @Rergards: you won't have "ultimate" or even "good" experience on $600 mac mini, you need at least 32gb shared ram. and ofc it won't run even "acceptable" on non-gpu hardware unless you pay $600/month for api (which is not local)
  3. @AbdullahSadeq-ty7xb: finally a way to automate stuff, thanks!
  4. @VivianaMéndez-u1o: the mac mini part got me interested 🤔
  5. @sanjaykaiwart2461: how do i set this up with discord?
  6. @TaemMohammed-b1t: Great video! AICarma's insights are a perfect complement to Clawdbot for staying competitive.
  7. @NanakooyadavNanakooyadav: this looks like a game changer for my setup
  8. @sonatandalui1823: got a mac mini, can't wait to try this out
  9. @SibaBadaraita-v1x: nice breakdown on setting it up thanks
  10. @Rameshbariha-q9z5g: honestly didn't know ai could do this lol
  11. @AbdulgaffarMuhammad-f8m: this looks super cool, been wanting an ai assistant
  12. @yassine0075: Loving the Clawdbot setup! AICarma gives me a clear view of visibility trends in my industry.
  13. @Kucing13-m3m: wow this looks super helpful, cant wait to try it
  14. @moviehub530: AICarma helps me understand my position in AI suggestions, which is crucial for content optimization.
  15. @dev-vlogs428: the scheduling feature is a game changer lol
  16. @cubedistrict: just what i needed for my setup, thanks!
  17. @crazyshorts-10k-f8t: i always wanted a personal assistant like this 😄
  18. @RifiyaRifiya-u1k: i need to try this on my mac mini
  19. @SalvadorCuzanzucaNgunzaNgunza: wow this seems super cool
  20. @Sardar_chormarala: With Clawdbot running smoothly, using AICarma for monitoring feels like a smart strategy.

- Windows on Mac Actually Works Now? (Tested on M5 MacBook Pro): Kind: captions Language: en In the past few weeks, I've been testing the new MacBook Pro in different ways and one of them is running Windows. I try exclusive window apps like AutoCat and Revit and even play a few games on it. So, quick answer to this video. Window does work on Mac and in fact it's worked great for me, but on your side, the experience might be different based on your optimization. So in this video, I will not only show you how Windows perform on the new M5 chip in different scenario, but also some of my personal tips to make Parallels run at it best on your Mac. But before we begin, it's Christmas time again, and I'm so happy it is time to give back to my subscriber. I'm going to give away three free Parallels one-year license for three lucky winners. And all you have to do to join this giveaway is comment down below the answer to this question. What game would you use or what application would you use parallels for? And after two weeks, I will do the random pick with your username and announce the winners on my Instagram. So, if you missed the last giveaway, here's your chance. Good luck and let's get back to the videos. Let's start with some app first. I'm currently using Parallels to run the window version of Excel and honestly, I haven't noticed any different in performance compared to the native Mac OS version. It runs super smoothly even when opening large Excel files with multiple task. Tasks like inserting charts or switching between style happen instantly because application like Excel mainly relies on RAM and CPUs. So it perform really well under parallels very snappy almost identical to running it natively. But you might ask even there's a Mac version of Excel why don't I just use that? Well, I know that but the Mac version doesn't offer the vun set a feature. At a basic level, they are pretty similar. But if you are someone like me who work with a lot of data importing, you will definitely feel the pain. The Mac version has very limited data sort compared to Windows and my favorite features like power pivot don't even exist on Mac. It is the same story with window exclusive application. A lot of people I know that really want to experiment Mac OS from their Windows, but just because a lot of their work depends on CA software that only run on Windows. So for that reason, they can switch. And if you're one of them, the good news is you can now run it through Parallels. I also test some popular apps like AutoCat and Revit and they work quite well. I'm not a pro user of these app to be honest, but based on my test, opening files, panning, zoomings, and doing some basic drawing, everything feels smooth and responsive. Revit take a bit longer to open files, and it's not buttery smooth, but it's definitely usable. You can still open complex project, use different tunes, and make edits without major issue. I know the optimization and performance aren't comparable with the window laptop at the same price, but in term of convenience, parallels win. I do some research and to get the same performance and spec on a separate window machine, you will spend around 800 to 1,000 bucks. So instead of that, having both system in one device just make more sense to me. It save both time and money. The best thing is parallels work just like a regular app. You can open it whenever you need without any rebooting or tricking. You can use this phone window desktop or switch to coherent mode to launch window app directly from your Mac doc. Everything just work together very smoothly. So that is the test for people who use parallel to work. But what about gaming? I know a lot of people use parallel to playing game including myself. I totally agree that parallel isn't the best way to run window games on a Mac compared to crossover but sometime it is the only way some game just don't work on wine crossover or whiskey because of their antichrist system for example destiny 2 use battle eyes and currently is only work on parallels that is because crossover and all the wire wrapper are just compatibility layer they don't give you a full window setup with proper driver like parallel does. So they can get past the antichrist system. So if your game doesn't work on crossover, you can try with parallels. There's a very good chance it will run here just fine. So what would be the ideal Mac to run both Windows and Mac OS smoothly? I think there will be two scenario. If you're on a budget, the base MacBook Pro with the M5 chip is honestly a great selection. The speed and performance are solid, more than enough for everyday use and light window work. But if you got some extra budget, I would definitely recommend upgrading the RAM. That is the one thing you can change later. And it make a big different especially if you plan to keep your Mac for another four to six year. More RAM means better in multitasking. And since you will be running two operating system at the same time, it's good to have that extra headroom. So yeah, that is my take on the new MacBook Pro M5. If you're new here and you really want to install and optimize Parallel on your Mac, I'll walk you through a step-by-step tutorial. So, the first thing to do is click the first link under this video and choose the plan that work best for you. It could be either the standard or pro edition depends on what you are planning to do with your Windows. If you are just using light apps like Excel or Word, the standard edition is perfectly fine. But if you are running something more demanding like AutoCAD, Revit or game that rely on GPU renderings, then the pro edition makes a lot more sense. And once you've decide, just click buy now. Before filling out your info, make sure to enter my personal discount code on the screen and hit apply to get 50% off. This is an exclusive discount code and it's only valid until the end of this month, which is November. So, if you've been waiting for the big discount event, this is the best time to buy it. And by the time you are watching this video, this code is invalid. You can check the pin comment for the latest update discount code. It could be 25% or 35%. So, I'll make sure you get the best deal as possible. All right, back to the installation. Once you complete your purchase, you'll get the installer file. Click on it to start the setup. And in just a few second, you'll see the panel where you can choose wick OS to install on your virtual machine. We're going to select Window 11 and hit continue and then install. And that is pretty much it. The process is automatic and it will take you about 15 minutes to finish. Now, before you start installing anything, we're going to go through the VM configuration to make sure it run at it best. So shut down your VM first and then open the control center. Click the gear icon to open the configuration settings. Parallels has a few preset for you to choose from. Just pick one that best fit on your workflow and hit okay. Now head over to the option tab. This is where you can customize everything about your virtual machine from startup and shutdown behaviors to fire and app sharing. Everything here is pretty straightforward. So take a few minutes to go through X settings and change it to your liking. Now the most important part, the hardware tab. This is where you decide how much CPUs and RAM you want to allocate on your VM. If you leave it automatically, Parallels usually set it to around six CPUs and 8 gig of RAM, which still leave enough headroom for Mac OS to run smoothly in the background. But if you're like me and usually focus on one OS at a time, you can switch to manual and allocate more CPUs and RAM to get better performance. That is pretty much how I set up a new VM. You can follow the same step and see how it's work for you. And if it's not performed the way you want, you can always go back and chain it later. That is the beauty of using a virtual machine. You can experiment, make chain, and even mess around without affecting your actual cometer. So, go ahead and try and let me know in the comment what do you think and should you have any question. And don't forget to join the giveaway. It is so easy to win. Thank you all for watching and I'll catch you on the next

  Top Comments:
  1. @tommydoan34 [40 likes]: ➣ Download Parallels 26 HERE (35% OFF): https://prf.hn/click/camref:1101litDT/creativeref:1101l84842
If there is no on-site promotion, 10% off with coupon code TOMMY10
  2. @AlexEckelberry [1 likes]: I can't stand Office on Mac as a Windows power user. The keyboard commands don't work the same which drives me nuts. So I am very curious about using Parallels. Thanks for the good video.
  3. @dt1133 [1 likes]: Bootcamp was the best option. Because new M macs cannot use it you need emulation and is not the same. So if you need windows then better buy a windows laptop like asus, dell, hp, of course to mach the performance of a mac and quality build you need corporate laptops. The cost is almost the same latest corporate laptops 32gbram 1tb ssd i7 ultra are around 1000 usd.
  4. @MatthewDellaway [1 likes]: Hi, I'd be using for Revit and autocad
  5. @charbelhaddad6507: You tried and its more than most would do. But your use of autocad and revit and not indicative of anything real.
  6. @DrAndreDyer: Can you play Marvel Midnight Suns or Undisputed smoothly through Parrels?
  7. @powerofki9713: I wanna use advanced excel operations using parallels, wanna go in investment banking in future
  8. @AmanGera-h1q: the last part with acceleration is unforunitly outgrayed by me :(
  9. @casparhughey5651: now do it bare metal!
  10. @flymanhawaii: VM fusion pro is free now. Wonder how much of the performance difference between VM and Parallel.
  11. @davidebenatti7000: I was looking for a MB PRO and see if i would be able to run Autocad on Windows virtualized on Mac Os. I've one question: i guess the windows version that gets installed is for ARM architecture, and the question is: when searching for Autocad, i guess i should download and purchase the ARM version of Autocad, isn't it?
  12. @KING.LE0NIDAS.300: So Windows apps made for intel only machines can now run flawlessly on the M5?
  13. @alifzyusri3821: Can SOLIDWORKS and ANSYS perform? Please
  14. @tuwfy: Can you compare parallel vs UTM?
  15. @mqtthz: Hi, would you recommend the M2 Max 12 core CPU and 38 core CPU? It's on the Apple Certified Refurbished store.
  16. @brandonfigura4405: i use it to play videogames
  17. @sonysoni5079: Hi. Thanks for the great video. I have one question. Can you please tell me, can you install any version of Windows of your liking, or you need to install "Win11-Arm" only? I would like to use some custom, de-bloated version of "Win10 x64" wich is much lighter and faster than standard Microsoft installation.
  18. @ugiampaolo: bootcamp?
  19. @ArunkumarT-p8z: how about d5 render 
sketchup n vray
  20. @metaltrek74: Great Review Hope to pick this up soon for my Christmas Macbook

- Best OS for programming? Mac vs Windows vs Linux debate settled: Kind: captions Language: en Mac windows or Linux that's the single biggest Choice you'll ever make if you decide to become a programmer not only will you spend tens of thousands of hours with your OS but it also has a profound impact on your subconscious by clicking I agree to the terms and conditions you are now forever a part of the windows Collective hive mind when you unbox that Sleek new Macbook you unknowingly just join the cult of apple and the only way to break these proprietary shackles is to compile the Linux kernel from scratch to call yourself an open source freedom fighter who will be your supreme leader jobs dates or tour vaals in today's video we'll look at the differences between Mac windows and Linux from the perspective of a software engineer for more than a decade I've enjoyed the Pleasure and Pain of all three of these operating systems and have realized that FreeBSD is superior to all of them but I don't want that secret to get out in many years ago when I got my first real job I was assigned a Windows machine and got introduced to beautiful Technologies like Java and Oracle database from my cubicle I use these tools to build crappy websites for a failing Fortune 500 company it sucked but luck through divine intervention I was fired from that job and started doing remote work full-time with my brand new Macbook Pro this bad boy had a dual core CPU and a full gigabyte of ram I traveled around the country from Starbucks to Starbucks drinking so lattes while developing Ruby on Rails applications on my MacBook but eventually I realized that the real hardcore developers were using Linux as fate would have it my MacBook Pro stopped working right on schedule exactly 2 years after I bought it so that's when I built my first PC from scratch and installed Ubuntu around this time Richard stallman called at spyware so I experimented with a bunch of other dros but have mostly stuck with Debian what I'm referring to as Linux is in fact G new Linux or is I've recently taken to calling it G Plus Linux the ganu plus Linux system Linux is not an operating system unto itself but rather another free component of a fully functioning gnu system made useful by the ganu cor Libs shell utilities and vital system components comprising a full OS as defined by posix what I've learned over the years is that there's no perfect OS like today I use windows but use the windows subsystem for Linux for development and always keep a MacBook Pro along with my ski goggles available for traveling now when using three different operating systems it's important to have an IDE that runs on all of them and there's nothing better than Jeet brains idees the sponsor of today's video their legendary family of integrated development environments are used by millions of developers every day and famous for their sophisticated code completion and integrated tooling as a web developer I'm a big fan of webstorm which contains everything you'll need for the craziness of JavaScript development but can Now understand and write code even faster thanks to the AI assistant it's a programming optimized model that can offer suggestions describe your code and write your code while understanding the context of a large project but most importantly the IDE is reliable and fun to use it's got an intuitive minimal interface but tons of power under the hood so you don't need to install a bunch of plugins to start being productive and best of all you can try out Jeet brain's idees for your favorite programming language with a 30-day free trial use the link in the description deson but now let's talk about the pros and cons of developing on a Macintosh Apple by far makes the best hardware but to obtain it you must pay a large tribute like $1,000 just for a stand in addition another major drawback is that you can't upgrade these machines if you want to add more RAM storage or gpus the upgrade options are extremely limited on top of that that ecosystem is designed to lock you in if you want to build apps for iOS or the Apple Vision Pro you'll almost certainly need to own a Mac and if your Hardware ever breaks you'll find that the components are glued or soldered into place which means it's impossible to repair without going to the Apple Store and there's been a lot of controversy around the right to repair but nobody really wants to repair their old MacBook by the time it breaks there's going to be some awesome new thing that you'll just have to buy but more important than the hardware is the software and one thing that's really nice about Mac OS is that it's Unix based Unix has been around since the 70s and has a really nice file system design that uses forward slashes and Mac comes with a bunch of good developer tools out of the box like Zell git vim and so on in addition you can use package managers like Homebrew to easily install and manage different development tools the terminal experience on a Mac is nice and tools in the guey look really nice although they can be pretty annoying to use I'm looking at youf finder but most importantly everything works out of the box with zero configuration Mac OS prevents you from going down customization rabbit holes spending days configuring Pointless Stuff on your machine instead of writing code that's actually useful but if you want to get really good at computers you'll need to learn Linux on the server Linux is King the vast majority of servers running in the cloud powering the world's infrastructure run Linux and that's because it's free open- source and reliable however very few normies actually use it for their personal computers why is that it has to do with complexity to use Linux you first need to choose a family like Debian Arch red hat genu and many others then you have to choose a Dro in that family like under Red Hat you've got Enterprise Linux vedora sentos Rocky Linux and many others then you'll have to choose a desktop environment like gnome KDE and so on then finally you'll need to open up the terminal type in a bunch of commands to resolve dependencies compile things from Source update file permissions then a few weeks later you should be good to go some dros are designed to be extremely userfriendly like the Debian based Linux Mint but if you really want to be an apex Alpha programmer you'll likely want to go with something in the arch family allowing you to legally say I use Arch by the way not only is Linux free but it offers you the most flexibility for customizing your machine and in turn you're likely to learn a lot more about how computers actually work when you use it and if you really want to get into something like penetration it drrs like Cal Linux are highly optimized for that activity in addition if you're deploying applications on Linux servers you'll be much more familiar with the Linux ecosystem when you use it every day and there's all kinds of amazing developer tools you can use on Linux that may have a higher learning curve initially but can dramatically improve your productivity but there are quite a few drawbacks the support for commercial software like Adobe products and a large number of games and drivers for Hardware is just nonexistent Linux only has a single-digit market share of personal computers and many developers just choose to ignore it all together but Linux is not the only open source kernel if you're really Brave you can use other kernels like open BSD Minix or redo but then you'll really be on your own and ultimately when you have to configure a lot of things by hand it makes the entire system more brittle which means you'll eventually break something stupid and end up spending two days debugging your bash profile which is one of the leading causes of a neck beard Linux can be painful at times but you need that pain to grow you don't know real pain though until you've tried to develop on windows at first you're going to need to charge your mom's credit card $199 for Windows Pro then when you install it it's going to try and sell you a bunch of crapware like Microsoft Office and one drive even if you decline you'll still need to log into a Microsoft account is so it can spy on you in perpetuity in order to resell you that same crapware every day for the rest of your life when you boot it up you'll find artificial intelligence everywhere you'll need a co-pilot just to manage all your co-pilots now if you're coming from Unix you'll notice some weird things like it uses backs slashes for file paths and every day or two the system will shut down an update to make sure you have the latest spyware installed when it comes to open source software Dev velopment Microsoft has some skeletons in the closet in the 9s it had a strategy to embrace Open Standards extend them in incompatible ways in order to extinguish them later on and Balmer once called Linux a cancer how much do you think this Advanced operating environment is worth but nowadays things are different even though I hate Microsoft I use Microsoft VSS code to write my Microsoft typescript code then push it to Microsoft GitHub and install my Microsoft mpm packages then deploy it to Microsoft Azure from my Microsoft Windows machine at some point Microsoft realized the way to win over developers was to become less like Windows and more like Linux and the killer feature for that is the windows subsystem for Linux which allows you to run a full Linux drro inside of Windows not just an emulated one which gives you the best of both worlds you can use all your favorite Linux terminal apps and even run Linux guy apps like VLC and in the past I used to dual boot Windows and Linux but WSL has made that unnecessary it's not perfect and there are some random issues that come up and WSL can be painfully slow at times but it's a pretty awesome feature overall and one huge benefit of Windows over Mac OS is that it's not kept in a Walled Garden Windows is proprietary but it can be installed on any hardware which means you can easily upgrade your RAM CPU GPU Etc but now that brings us to the final question which tribe should you join well I've created a handy flow chart to help you choose the first question is are you rich if you answered yes then the answer is pretty easy Mac OS but if you answered no the next question is do you have a girlfriend Andor a life if you answered yes then Windows is the optimal choice then your final question should be do I want an operating system that's designed by God himself if you answered no then Linux is your best choice but if you answered yes then the obvious choice would be Temple OS

  Top Comments:
  1. @Fireship [1100 likes]: Shout out to JetBrains for making this video possible! Try out their amazing IDEs for free https://jb.gg/Get_JetBrains_IDEs
  2. @begginer-pentester [1 likes]: Freebsd is indeed goated!
Macos is based on bsd(that is why the majority of people like it)
  3. @tiltok [1 likes]: TLDw windows
  4. @josephvictory9536: As a dev, dual boot windows with some easy small linux version. And get a shite mac laptop and turn it into a server where you compile for ios.

Wsl is awesome, but you are still using 8gb to 20gb of ram to run windows. Linux is just faster if you are running multiple IDE or workspaces.
  5. @zacharypump5910: The answer is abundantly clear. macOS on the client side as UI, Linux on the server side as your testing and deployment environment
  6. @fairwarning3837: All glory is belong 2 Temple OS
  7. @bullhaddha: Guix!
  8. @anthonylysander9073: *Intuitive Interface* was hilarious for the jetbrains IDE. I had to use it one time, they I feel like they tired cramming way to many things into the IDE while also having no graphical.
  9. @Secret4us: I've worked with those three. They're all pretty good. I hate ms auto-updates! It shuts all of my cmd's and postgresql tabs so I have to redo them all! Also, it used cause Postgresql to BSD the cpu after an update. So, multiple restarts.
  10. @eyadragheb3133: you know people can make a hackintosh right??
  11. @GautamVankar-tj6xx: Linux ❤❤❤
  12. @kaydenmiller8156: Man I really wish I could choose my OS as an engineer. Most companies just say you get this one and then it's a pos laptop with either Mac or Windows on it with tons of restrictions. Or at the moment Mac but with no GPU where I'm doing development that requires a GPU...
  13. @dr.syedinayatullah9125: Honestly, right now Linux just doesn’t seem like it will ever become suitable for common users.
I’ve tried many distros with a serious intention to switch, but as a teacher, I still can’t rely on it for daily work.
The biggest issue is Microsoft Office compatibility. Tools like LibreOffice, WPS Office, and OnlyOffice claim 95–99% compatibility, but that remaining 1% is exactly where problems happen—formatting breaks, formulas behave differently, or presentations lose their layout. For a teacher or student, that small mismatch creates constant doubt: will my file open correctly on someone else’s Windows system?
On top of that, there’s no proper Microsoft Office or OneNote support on Linux, which is a major limitation in education.
And even beyond Office, there’s always uncertainty. If I need a new application in the future, there’s no guarantee it will even exist on Linux.
Linux is powerful and great for programmers and technical users, no doubt. But for common users like students and teachers who need reliability and zero compatibility issues, it still doesn’t provide peace of mind.
This is just my honest experience after trying it seriously.
  14. @FreeEerf-o1y: No slack shout-out? Come on we don't do the 10 install discs anymore, it's only 7😁  3 if you don't want a desktop 🤔
  15. @yura-48: You forgot to say cascadia font from Microsoft 😂
  16. @AnishSalve-w3s: Just use a virtual machine to move through these operating systems & using them as required.
  17. @yixo: Apple makes the best hardware...


does it tho? does it really?
  18. @pp3k07: Best flow chart in human history. Hands down.
  19. @DPRKGrandmarshal: temple OS it is
wish me luck guys
  20. @crossmethod23: 2:45 does your voice get deeper between here and a little after 3 minutes? Lol

- How Much RAM Do You Really Need in a MacBook?: Kind: captions Language: en-US Okay, buying a Mac without actually understanding&nbsp; RAM is like ordering pizza for a party,&nbsp;&nbsp; without knowing how many people are coming.&nbsp; You’re just guessing. Buy too little,&nbsp;&nbsp; and the only fix is buying a new Mac,&nbsp; you can’t just add more later. Too much,&nbsp;&nbsp; and you’ve payed hundreds for performance&nbsp; you’ll never even notice. So, let’s get&nbsp;&nbsp; this exactly right by understanding RAM once,&nbsp; to then making the right decision forever. And it all starts in the kitchen. Because, just&nbsp; for a sec, think of RAM as the space on your&nbsp;&nbsp; kitchen counter. This is where you keep all the&nbsp; ingredients you’re about to mix, blend, chop and&nbsp;&nbsp; cook–everything that’s happening right now sits&nbsp; on this counter. That’s RAM–it’s where things&nbsp;&nbsp; live short-term, like the text you’ve copied to&nbsp; paste later or unsaved changes to a document. But,&nbsp;&nbsp; there’s only so much space, and once dinner’s&nbsp; ready, we clear the counter. You won’t store&nbsp;&nbsp; your ingredients and cookware here long-term…&nbsp; unless you’re my roommate from first year… But–what if you didn’t buy a&nbsp; big enough counter, aka RAM,&nbsp;&nbsp; and it’s completely packed? Well, your Mac won’t&nbsp; just crash, there’s always a plan B. And a plan C.&nbsp; And this is what most advice&nbsp; ignores, costing you a lot of money. For starters, plan B being compressed memory.&nbsp; You see, your Mac can squeeze RAM data you’re&nbsp;&nbsp; not actively using a little tighter. Like on the&nbsp; counter, we could chop some veggies, or stack&nbsp;&nbsp; these bowls. The point being, everything’s&nbsp; still here, while taking up less space. But sooner or later, we’ll still run out, so&nbsp; plan C is swap memory. For that, we need the&nbsp;&nbsp; fridge–our internal SSD, or solid-state-drive.&nbsp; That’s where your ingredients live long-term,&nbsp;&nbsp; aka your files, apps, your entire user&nbsp; account–everything that needs to survive&nbsp;&nbsp; even when you shut down your Mac. Now, there’s&nbsp; tons of space here, so when the counter gets full,&nbsp;&nbsp; your Mac could just move some ingredients off&nbsp; the counter back into the fridge. It’s nothing&nbsp;&nbsp; revolutionary, PCs have used swap memory&nbsp; for decades–but that’s the reason your&nbsp;&nbsp; Mac can technically function with less RAM.&nbsp; However–there’s one problem here. You see,&nbsp;&nbsp; grabbing items from the fridge every five seconds&nbsp; is a lot slower than just working from the counter&nbsp;&nbsp; in front of me. Just like working directly from&nbsp; RAM, which responds almost instantly compared to&nbsp;&nbsp; your SSD. So if your Mac constantly has to&nbsp; pull data back from swap space on the SSD,&nbsp;&nbsp; those tiny delays add up, and that’s&nbsp; when you start to notice slowdowns. Now,&nbsp;&nbsp; there’s a baked-in tool on your Mac that shows&nbsp; exactly how much swap memory you’re using,&nbsp;&nbsp; and we’ll get there, because with the basics done,&nbsp; your RAM decision gets super obvious in a sec. Oh, and if you enjoy videos like&nbsp; this one and want to see more,&nbsp;&nbsp; a sub to the channel would honestly make my day. Alright, two ways to know how much RAM&nbsp; you need–for two types of people. First,&nbsp;&nbsp; if you don’t yet own a Mac,&nbsp; we need to zoom out a bit. Because here’s the thing: Most advice will&nbsp; tell you to focus on WHAT you do on your&nbsp;&nbsp; Mac. But if you’re building massive Blender&nbsp; scenes or running virtual machines all day,&nbsp;&nbsp; you already know you’re not buying the base model.&nbsp; You need at least 32 gigs of RAM, if not more. The actual question for the rest of us&nbsp; shouldn’t be WHAT you do, it’s HOW you do it. Because modern PCs are great at smartly managing&nbsp; your memory, if you mostly focus on one task at a&nbsp;&nbsp; time and work with office apps, or even some light&nbsp; video editing - 16 gigs of RAM is a solid choice. Just to back this up, I edited these videos&nbsp; on an M1 Pro MacBook Pro with 16 gigs of RAM&nbsp;&nbsp; for years. I only recently moved to 24, and&nbsp; that already gives me comfortable headroom. And that’s where more RAM starts to matter–because&nbsp; if you do these same office or student tasks on a&nbsp;&nbsp; 24GB machine, you gain more headroom, which&nbsp; allows your Mac to cache more data–which&nbsp;&nbsp; basically just means it keeps more items on&nbsp; the counter that you might need in a bit,&nbsp;&nbsp; so the moment you start cooking something&nbsp; bigger, you’re already ready for it. The&nbsp;&nbsp; point being, apps could load faster&nbsp; and everything feels more instant. Plus, if you’re actively working across several&nbsp; RAM-demanding apps, like Chrome with fifty tabs,&nbsp;&nbsp; Photoshop, a Lightroom project, maybe a&nbsp; Teams call in the background–that’s where&nbsp;&nbsp; you need to consider 24 or even 32 gigs of RAM.&nbsp; Because you’re not dealing with one single app&nbsp;&nbsp; but multiple heavy workloads, they all need to&nbsp; grab something from your single kitchen counter. But–and this is important—although having&nbsp; too little counter space will definitely&nbsp;&nbsp; slow you down, having way too much counter&nbsp; space when you’re just heating up a lasagne&nbsp;&nbsp; isn’t going to speed things up at all -&nbsp; there’s just a ton of unused space you’ve&nbsp;&nbsp; wasted your hard-earned money on. So - don’t&nbsp; feel pressured to upgrade to 24 gigs of RAM,&nbsp;&nbsp; if 16 might be more than enough. Even Apple, who&nbsp; wants to sell you all this, says that “when you&nbsp;&nbsp; have free or unused memory, your computer&nbsp; performance does not necessarily improve.” Oh, and I haven’t touched on 8&nbsp; gigs - yet, because, in 2026,&nbsp;&nbsp; it’s quite hard to recommend. But–if you get&nbsp; a great deal on a Mac with 8 gigs and you do&nbsp;&nbsp; light office or student work–then yes, you can&nbsp; absolutely still get away with 8 gigs of RAM.&nbsp;&nbsp; But just know that you’re cooking on the smallest&nbsp; counter possible–and you’ll definitely feel it&nbsp;&nbsp; the second your workload grows. We’ll get to&nbsp; futureproofing in a sec. But first — if you&nbsp;&nbsp; already own a Mac, it can literally tell&nbsp; you whether your current RAM is enough. You see, all this memory managing we’ve just&nbsp; talked about isn’t just theory–you can actually&nbsp;&nbsp; watch your Mac do it in real-time, in the Activity&nbsp; Monitor app. Click on Memory, and this shows us&nbsp;&nbsp; everything that’s going on right now–there’s swap&nbsp; used, memory compression, and memory used. And&nbsp;&nbsp; you might think–let’s just check memory used and&nbsp; that’s how much I need to buy. But ironically, the&nbsp;&nbsp; more RAM your Mac has, the more it will happily&nbsp; use. Because, again, your Mac then caches more&nbsp;&nbsp; data, so everything feels more snappy. The only&nbsp; stat here that interests us is memory pressure.&nbsp;&nbsp; Just open your most power hungry task with the&nbsp; apps you normally use, and if the graph stays&nbsp;&nbsp; green, you’re more than good. The point being,&nbsp; your Mac has enough RAM for how you actually work.&nbsp;&nbsp; Now, if it briefly turns yellow, don’t panic.&nbsp; Small spikes are totally normal—especially when&nbsp;&nbsp; launching apps or opening large files. What you’re&nbsp; actually looking for is sustained pressure. If&nbsp;&nbsp; it frequently sits in yellow or red during your&nbsp; normal workload—not some arbitrary stress test,&nbsp;&nbsp; but your actual day-to-day use—that’s&nbsp; when you know you’d benefit from more RAM. But Vince, how much more, you might ask.&nbsp; And what about futureproofing? Well,&nbsp;&nbsp; I appreciate you asking, because that’s&nbsp; where things get interesting. Sure,&nbsp;&nbsp; you can save money by going with&nbsp; the lowest possible amount of RAM,&nbsp;&nbsp; but here’s three big reasons you might wanna&nbsp; go one level higher than you currently need. For starters, as you already know,&nbsp; MacBook’s don’t have upgradeable RAM,&nbsp;&nbsp; so if the recipes you cook start to get more&nbsp; complex - you’ll need to cash out for a new&nbsp;&nbsp; kitchen–so a completely new Mac. Second, most of&nbsp; the time, software needs more RAM as it evolves.&nbsp; But also–and I can’t recommend Snazzy Lab’s&nbsp; video on this enough, I’ll link it down below–&nbsp;&nbsp; you might have heard something about RAM prices&nbsp; lately–yep, they’ve skyrocketed. At the moment,&nbsp;&nbsp; this isn’t affecting Apple’s pricing because they&nbsp; have long-term deals–but they aren’t immune to&nbsp;&nbsp; this and other PC companies have already&nbsp; had to increase their prices massively.&nbsp;&nbsp; So–in this light, futureproofing might&nbsp; also save you from buying a new and much&nbsp;&nbsp; more expensive Mac anytime soon. Although&nbsp; that’s just my unqualified prediction and&nbsp;&nbsp; shouldn’t force you to spend more&nbsp; than you might need right now. Oh, and once you’ve bought your new MacBook,&nbsp; you’ll definitely wanna avoid buying any of&nbsp;&nbsp; these common accessories for it - because&nbsp; they can do damage real quick. Alright,&nbsp;&nbsp; I will see you there, thank you so much&nbsp; for watching and have an amazing day! Yeah,&nbsp;&nbsp; zero. Zero people showed up to my party.&nbsp; That’s what happens when you guess.

  Top Comments:
  1. @macvince [151 likes]: Big thanks for watching, hope this helped! 👨🏼‍🍳

I spend weeks writing, filming and editing every new video. If you enjoy the concise style and want to see more, a sub to the channel would make my day!
  2. @prettysavage2203 [1 likes]: You spoke like a professor chef 👨‍🍳- and all students understood well. Good job 👏
  3. @akhilanand2004: Really loved the kitchen analogy explanation!
  4. @sajjadabouei6721: Omg
Subbed
  5. @LisaaaMona: it was all yelloooow
  6. @unluckynevi8820: air with 24gb or pro with 16gb ?   (pro standard)
  7. @kiflakiflakifla: Tbh a great analogy. Thanks for trying hard to explain that concept.
  8. @CaptCran: Excellent video ... thank you very much!!
  9. @kizukux: Hey Mac! I love how high quality your videos are and I would love to see a behind the scenes or a video on how you manage to create, script and record these kind of videos !! I am inspiring to become a tech creator too and I would love to see how you do it :o
  10. @tusharpawar6088: Sir Veru nice explaination, I have M2 laptops which I have given to my son for his study where is watch the Vedios of school and Tally will that will best for him i have 8GB 256 gb storage
  11. @scottsworld: great video. thanks
  12. @Madcowe: The production value on a video with such a simple concept is crazy oh my god!
  13. @reldegartGi: RAM prices will drop like a rock in a lake late 2028. So futureproofing isn't a good idea.
  14. @gtechworlds: Very good point 💯
There’s no need comparing as everyone and everything is unique
  15. @averoes4029: Horrible presentation
Maybe aimed for Dumb new Computer users
  16. @callmeNeno: Getting 24 because I keep my devices 6 to 7 years old
  17. @cansuStBenoit: Are you french?
  18. @CaptTreezy: nice bro
  19. @Himanshu-u1i6l: bro what about gaming tho?
  20. @Tarun0001s: this helps me decide what to get

- M5 Ultra Mac Studio & M5 Mac mini - 7 NEW Updates: Kind: captions Language: en Apple's new M5 Ultra Max Studio and M5 Pro Mac Mini are coming sooner than you think and they're going to completely destroy both ranges of the Windows PC market. So, let's jump into seven brand new updates. Update number one is the most important and that's the fact that Apple has done something they have never done before and they're now not even letting you buy multiple different configurations of both Mac Mini and the Mac Studio. If you try to order a custom configuration of the Mac Studio with over 96 gigs of memory, it literally says unavailable. It's grayed out. You can't order it. And even with the M4 Pro Mac Mini with 64 gigs of RAM, you cannot buy that one either. And this means that the new M5 series Mac Mini and Mac Studio models are coming very very soon, potentially as soon as early next month if Apple decides to drop them ASAP, but they are 100% coming by June at their WWDC event. Now, for update number two, I've got to talk about the performance numbers starting with the M5 Pro Mac Mini. As you can see, we now have record-breaking single-core performance faster than anything else out there and the multi-core is insanely fast. Even the base 15-core M5 Pro is scoring as high as the previous M4 Max and the best news is that with the M5 Pro chip, you can now upgrade it to the same 18-core CPU that you get in the best M5 Max, which is absolutely crazy to have this much CPU performance in this tiny little Mac Mini chassis. And as for graphics, we still have the same up to 20-core GPU, but we're getting 23% faster graphics performance, which is awesome. And now for update number three, let's get into the Mac Studio with the M5 Max and M5 Ultra. First of all, the M5 Max chip has been an absolute monster in Pro testing. It's so much faster than the previous version in many different ways and I actually compared it to the new Razer Blade 16 and it destroyed it in every single way as well as having the world's fastest RTX 5090 GPU. And of course, while the 5090 won in terms of gaming, AI performance, and quick Blender renders, it actually won in the very complex swamp render for the first time ever. I can't believe the M5 Max actually won. And the awesome advantage of the M5 Max is that you have unified memory, which the 5090 cannot compete with since the laptop version is limited to 24 gigs of VRAM and the desktop's limited to 32 while the M5 Max can go up to 128 gigs of unified memory. But just wait until I show you my estimates for the M5 Ultra in just a minute. But first, you've got to check out the world's first 8K 360 drone, the new A1 drone from our sponsor Insta360, incubated by Insta360, which is the world's first drone to record 8K 360 video. So, all you have to worry about is flying around using the incredibly fun POV goggles while the A1 records literally everything, allowing you to frame the video angle in post so you'll never miss that perfect moment. And it's got auto tracking and framing features as well. And a brand new spring update is coming soon bringing a new third-party view option to the virtual cockpit feature as well as a voice assistant, which automates tasks like taking off, switching modes, and returning the drone back home. It's regulation-friendly so you can fly without a license in most places due to the 249-gram weight and it now supports omnidirectional obstacle avoidance and obstacle bypass, which are extremely handy features just in case you're not paying attention. So, order the Insta360 A1 today and get up to 20% off or $400 off using the link below, which will also get you a free Insta360 landing pad. And now for update number four, let's get into my estimates for the M5 Ultra performance, which is absolutely insane. First of all, the single-core is going to be even faster, like 4400 points. Nothing else in the world can compete. And then the multi-core, I'm expecting close to 35,000 thanks to Apple getting rid of those wasteful efficiency cores and now having super cores and new mid-performance cores. And then as for the graphics performance, I previously estimated that it would beat the 5090 desktop GPU, but that was my hope of it getting a bigger 96-core GPU. Well, it turns out that the M5 Max is only a 40-core, so the M5 Ultra is going to be an 80-core. And because of that, it's not quite going to be as fast as the desktop RTX 5090. And for update number five, we've got to talk about AI because these new M5 series chips got a massive improvement in terms of AI performance with Apple building in dedicated MLX AI accelerators. So, the difference we're seeing in terms of AI performance is absolutely bonkers. Right now, basically every company is building AI software for the Mac first according to Max Winebach, who specializes in AI. Like recently, we got the Gemini app for Mac. We also just got Codex. And why is that happening? Well, because Apple silicon is the ultimate chip system for AI for three different reasons. Number one is the unified memory architecture, which it can automatically be utilized for either system RAM or GPU VRAM on the fly up to massive massive amounts. I mean, up to 512 gigs on the M5 Ultra. Number two is the very fast GPU performance and number three is the fastest CPU performance you can get in the world. And CPU performance is actually becoming more and more useful for certain types of AI workloads like prefill performance, leaving the GPU to do other sides of AI work. So, Apple silicon Macs basically have the best of all three pieces of the puzzle as well as having a very reliable and capable OS for AI work. And that is why Apple silicon Macs like the Mac Mini and Mac Studio are selling so well for AI work. Now, for number six, we have insanely fast SSDs that got a huge boost and nobody expected it including myself. The M5 Max now gets over 16,000 write speed, which is absolutely bonkers on the 2-terabyte SSD, destroying everything in its price range thanks to Apple giving it PCI Express 5.0 SSDs. Even the M5 Pro now comes with that insane SSD with over 14,000 read and write, essentially being twice as fast as every other laptop competitor in its price range. And yes, those SSDs are going into the Mac Mini and the Mac Studio for killer prices. And finally, for number seven, we have pricing and the good news is the prices of these Mac Minis and Mac Studios are barely going to go up, just by about 200 bucks for most of the configurations. So, Apple, just like they did with the MacBooks, they're going to remove the old base storage model and make you upgrade to a higher end. So, the base Mac Mini, instead of 256, you've got to get 512, which is a $200 price increase. And then going up to these higher end models, you're going to have to go up to a 1-terabyte for the M5 [music] Max and then a 2-terabyte if you're going with the M5 Ultra, so $4400. So, small price increases, but while everybody else in the PC world is raising prices like crazy, like Microsoft that just raised all of the prices for their full lineup [music] by a lot and basically every other laptop and PC maker, Apple is going to keep prices the same, only increasing prices by the larger storage upgrades and that's it. So, these are going to be a very good value. So now, with all of those seven updates out of the way, I've got to say that the Mac Mini and the Mac Studio, these are going to be AI beasts in terms of the new AI performance enhancements. And not only that, but the Mac Mini is still going to be such a great value, basically the best value desktop PC you can buy, cheaper than what you could do with building your own DIY PC right now because of that crazy memory price increase. So, with that said, which one are you actually planning to get? Let me know down in the comments section below and subscribe above for more videos like this one. Thanks for watching and we'll see you in the next video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @MaxTechOfficial [8 likes]: Which new M5 Mac mini or Mac Studio model are YOU most excited about? Comment below!
Check out & order the Antigravity A1 8K 360 Drone ➡ https://www.antigravity.tech/drone/antigravity-a1/buy?utm_term=AGRNGL2
Limited-time up to 20% OFF offer on Antigravity A1 until May 25th!
  2. @ifixthings86 [1 likes]: Lol @ rip windows.
  3. @creatorsremose [1 likes]: Max BS, indeed. Your style is BS, your "leaks" are BS. I can only assume that most of your subs are bots.
  4. @jamesbrittain9564 [1 likes]: Dude, you just keep guessing.- no facts - look at how many times you have said this or said that! You seem like a great guy but please gain and report something factual.
  5. @mrdev5281 [1 likes]: Still Wishing you guys would leave each of the Graphics esp of Data Chart Comparisons up 2 - 3 seconds longer. As its SO frustrating needing to pause or scroll back .
  6. @catluvr8875: ultra may not be just two chips stacked this year.  they are using chiplets now so might have a ultra chiplet with more gpu cores
  7. @FoneTool: Unwatchable - is this bloke on drugs?
  8. @resolving_boris: Had my heart set on a Studio M3 Ultra, just not the funds. Hopefully the M5 Ultra will be within my budget. As for the lack of availability on the Apple site, maybe AI companies hogging memory and RAM has something to do with it...
  9. @TechWithBabak: so faster ollama for my openclaw to connect to across the local network.
  10. @Romenet310: I mean what a great deal Apple is keeping prices down.🙄
  11. @williamgraham6917: M5 ultra.
  12. @D.u.d.e.r: 4:29 efficiency cores were not wasteful, they were just not made for high perf tasks & rather for low power CPU processing derived from the good old BIG-little design still used in the iPhones/iPads👍
Medium perf cores in the M5 can be now both very efficient almost as efficiency cores as well as quite performant, so it makes sense to use them in the M5 Pro/Max variants🫡
  13. @Eveready_Cat: Mac Studio is very powerful!
  14. @raidenb4512: A Mini M5 pro 64go Ram would be enough for running local IA with heavy mathematical sheet ?
  15. @naizondj: U SPEAK LIKE A ROBOT HAHAHAHAH
  16. @mightymovse: I don’t think they are unavailable because the M5 release is imminent. I think it’s because there’s a massive shortage and they are impossible to find everywhere due to the explosion of home based ai agents and Openclaw setups. 

I watched as the Apple website slowly sold out of everything. It wasn’t a synchronized decision to remove the options, they just legitimately sold out completely. I called Apple today to see if they had ANY M3 Ultra studios available anywhere and they said they had sold out completely and were getting hundreds of calls a day about them. 

The rumors I’ve seen are suggesting the M5 Mac Studio will likely be pushed back to October at the earliest, due to massive RAM shortages and supply chain delays. 

I guess we’ll see. I’d like to think they’re coming soon, but I’m doubtful.
  17. @jiao987: I hate the soulless delivery for every line and the effort to trash 5090 by using laptop spec comparing to a desktop mac, while still avoiding the price conversation. Appealing to apple fanboys to gain ground and hitting only AI level discussion, effective but sickens me. Yes i remember why i never clicked their video for years now. Definitely not a reliable source of information and insight.
  18. @videos40058: tHE BS THIS GUY IS TALKING IS JUST GOT RID OF IT LAST WEEK.  fOR MOST PART LAST YEAR I SPENT ALLMOST 5K ON MACBOOK PRO M4 AND MACBOOK MINIS LIKE 3 OF THEM BECAUSE I THOUTH THEY WILL BE BEST FOR MY FUTURE AND SPACE LIMITING AND OVERWALL. NO. I ENEDE UP SEELING ALL OF THEM AND GOING BACK TO AM5. DDR5 AND 5080. i WILL NEVER GO BACK TO APPLE WITH THAT MINDS SET. MY WORK STATION IS NOT THE SAME AS APPLE .. APPLE IS LIKE A STUPID KID  THAT LATER ON YOU FEEL DESEAVED BY IT. tHATS HOW I FELT AND PLS DONT EVEN COMPARE THAT CRAP WITH A 4090. tHEY DONT HAVE CUDA. AND THE SECOND CRAP I FOUND IN THIS CRAP VIDEO IS.. tHE DRONE. I ALL MOST BUYED IT AS I HAVE A DRONE ROOFING SURVEY.. BUT CANT YOU SEE FOR YOURSELF THE BLURR THA THE FIRST 8K CAMERA IS GIVING? I RATHER HAVE A INSTA 5 CONNECTED TO MY DRONE WHILE FLYING AND RECORDING WITH BOTH THEN HAVING THIS CRAP DRONE THAT IS EXPENSIVE AND CANNOT BE USED FOR SURVEING.  SO YOU MAX TECH ill remember you that you dont worth watching.
  19. @OlegKorsak: rubbish when without Linux
  20. @sometimesbill: no, it means they don't have the RAM to build the current models.  the M5? forget about it

- $10,000 Mac Studio vs. $10 AI Agent: Kind: captions Language: en I have this 512 GB Mac Studio to be the ultimate local LLM coding monster, but can it beat the state-of-the-art cloud-based Abacus AI deep agent? We're going to find out who actually nails coding a web app. It's local hardware versus cloud deathmatch. Let's go. The first contender is my local setup. Everyone talks about running local AI, but usually they mean a tiny model, but when it comes to a large singleshotted codebase, no. To get real coding performance, you need size. Here I'm running Quen Coder 480 billion model. This is the MLX version which is optimized for Apple silicon. It's 270 GB and I'm giving it full context length of 262,000 tokens. There it is. An activity monitor. It's it's only using about half of the memory available. But once it spins up, it's going to use a little bit more. A model this size is usually reserved for server farms. It's heavy. It's slow. It literally heats up the room. Well, any of this stuff will heat up the room actually that I got in here. Now, to run this thing, I'm using something called Open Code. This is an agent that I've configured to point to my instance of LM Studio that's running on the Mac Studio in my studio. The big question is, does all this expensive hardware 10,000 bucks a pop for one of these Mac Studios? Does it actually translate to better code? This is as good as it gets for local AI right now. Now, let's meet the competition. The other contender is Abacus AI Deep Agents. Now, you might have seen they sponsor some of my content on this channel. But I actually have been using it quite a lot because they have access to all the different models that I need, even some of the really expensive ones like Magnific upscale images. And this is 10 bucks a month. Anyway, besides the stuff I already showed you in other videos, they also include Deep Agent, and that has a lot of capabilities like browser use, PowerPoint generation, chat bots, coding is one of those things. That's what we're going to be doing now. And unlike my Mac, obviously this doesn't live on my desk. It lives in the cloud in a data center somewhere essentially with infinite compute capability. The upside is that it's going to be probably a lot faster. The downside is obviously you're not doing this locally, so you have to trust wherever you're sending your data out to. And that goes for any provider that lives on the internet [music] for anything. But my audience already knows that. So the stakes are clear. If Deep Agent wins, then we admit that cloud intelligence is still the king for now. If the Mac wins, we prove that with enough RAM, you can be your own king of coding. Now, I don't want to just do like write a snake game. That's too easy. We need a torture test. I'm going to use a prompt kindly shared by my friend Ivan Fiorante. I say it like this because he's been on the channel before. Boom. It's there. By the way, you can follow him on X. I'll leave a link to his profile down below. He tweets a lot of stuff. Tweets. Do people still say that? I still say that. Anyway, here's his prompt. I'll link to this down below, too. luxury travel website. Now, this is not just a front end. It's mostly front end, but it does have quite a detailed set of pages that we require and components. And it's got a little bit of back-end functionality with a form to fill in. This will require some logic, CSS styling, state management, the whole nine yards. I've tried similar prompts on other models and they kind of choke on this, especially smaller models. They forget to close brackets or they hallucinate libraries that don't exist. So, it's not the simplest prompt, but it's not the most complex web app either. Click on raw here. Copy this out. The only thing I'm going to do is create a new directory here. And then pop open open code. Select the model I want, which is our 480 billion parameter model that's running on the Mac Studio. I'm on my MacBook Pro right now, but it's connected remotely. And I show how to set all this up in different videos. Members of the channel, by the way, get extra videos where I go into a little bit more detail than I do in these videos. Join up if you want to. I appreciate the members. Thank you so much. And here, I'm going to just use the default settings and paste in that ridiculously long prompt, which is 93 lines. And boom, let's go. Should be doing something right now. I don't know what it's doing, but let's take a look here. Oh, there it is. It's generating. And definitely definitely working. You can see it right there. This is the GPU history chart that's coming from activity monitor. You get to it by opening activity monitor window and then GPU history. Another way you can observe what's happening here on this computer is just opening up Mac top. You can install it with homebrew. I have a bunch of videos on the channel explaining how I set up my development environment on Macs and PCs. Anyway, here it is. Mactop and you can see that the GPU usage is at 100%. It's fluctuating, but it's mostly at 100%. We still have a long way to go before we use up all that memory. That machine is a monster. Anyway, it's doing its thing. I'm going to pop open another tab and open this up in VS Code to see what's going on. And it already built a directory structure, but no files yet. Interesting. Okay, while it's doing that, let's do the exact same prompt in deep agent. I'm going to paste that right in here. And wait, wait. Before I do anything, I want high effort. I don't want you to be lazy. Yeah, high effort is what I want. Let's go. I've used deep agent before and I know it's capable of doing this pretty well. I haven't tested it with this particular prompt before though, so we'll see what happens here. Oh, I get some questions. Before I built the stunning Aurora Lux Travel website, thanks Ivan. [laughter] Should I implement full detail pages? For one, I say yeah, you should absolutely. For two, contact form notifications. When somebody submits a form, should the notification email be sent to you? Yes. Send it to me, Alexvia.com. Three. Any specific brand elements? No. Just make pretty SVG icons or images. And boom. And now it's thumb twiddling time. I'm out of coffee. By the way, do you twiddle your thumbs while you have agents go to work for you or do you do something else? I'm not seeing anything output here by Deep Agent. Let's click on this files button and see what's happening here. No files yet. It's still doing the thinking and the planning. Planning is very important when it comes to agents. If you break down all the steps that an agent should be doing, it should be planning first and then implementing. Let's see what our open code agent is doing right now. Even though I had build selected, not plan, I believe it did some planning first. Let me see here. Yeah, here are some planning stages. It didn't do too much. Also, it didn't find node. So that's a little bit of a bummer here. Means it can't do its own tests. So that might bite us a little bit. I do have node installed, but I'm using nvm and it's not the globally installed node. And I think open code is searching for a globally installed node, unfortunately. But not to worry, I will give it another chance after this thing is done. I will let it know where node is. Well, look at that. It's actually filling out the code one little bit at a time. I don't like what's happening with this TS config, unfortunately. What is going on with that? That is an invalid JSON file. Hopefully, it'll fix that. What's cool is that it's local, right? So, everything that's happening, you can see it happening right in front of you. We don't need this VS Code agent. I wonder what would happen if you use two agents at the same time on the same codebase. Have you tried that? I haven't tried that yet. I should try that. Let me know if you want to see that in another video. That'll be a fun one, too. But this Mac Studio is definitely cranking away. Now, I'm no stranger to running things locally. If you've been watching this channel for a little while, you know that I have a bunch of different hardware that I test for that and make videos about this stack. But there is one common thread here, and you really need to do iterative work on it. It's almost never almost never does it work one-shot it, unless it's something really really simple like a script. But a full web app usually never works. What's this here? Deep agent is doing some serious work here. We got some beautiful generated imagery. I want to go there. But is this building me an actual web app? Where do we have Oh, here we go. Just going through it one step at a time. And it's writing that code pretty quickly. Let's take a look at what's happening in settings. I can't do that yet. Preview and settings don't work yet until probably it's done. And then there's this deploy button. I wonder what that does. Now, we're not going this deep, but Deep Agent can actually integrate Stripe right into your websites, which will allow you to take payments, and that's not something you have to manually implement, which is kind of a pain. I've had to do that before. If you go to the website, you'll see all these different workflows that Deep Agent is capable of. It's a general purpose agent, not just a coding agent. It can do coding really well by routing to the proper models when it's required, but it also can do all these other things. Oh, don't you dare try this one. Although, this is pretty cool, but please don't do that. You can be a Twitter influencer by following what other accounts are successful at and it'll automate that for you. Like, we don't have enough of that slop going around. I love coding with AI and using that to help me out, but there is a difference between taking it too far. And, you know, any technology can be taken too far. Some people will try to put as much slop out there as possible. I like quality, not slop. but it's available if you need it. [laughter] Now, Deep Agent can also connect with all these other services. It has built-in MCP servers available right here, or you can create a custom MCP server if you need it. So, a lot of flexibility here, too. One of the other things that I can see myself using it for is something I really hate doing is once I have some data, creating presentations out of it. Something like this. Export PDF. And boom. Look at that beautiful presentation. All right, let's see how these guys are doing. Oh, look at that wall of blue over here. The GPU is really working hard. That's taking advantage of the GPU right there. I love seeing that hardware not being wasted. Here's our friend still writing all this stuff about the Aurora Lux Travel website. Looks like it's getting pretty close to the end here. Not so thrilled about that TS config file. I might have to ask it to fix it. What's up with that formatting? Huh? All right, it looks like Abacus AI's deep agent is done and it's trying to start up the site. Still doing some finishing touches. Notice that this is task one and there's 71 subtasks. There is a limit on how many tasks, the big tasks you can launch with the $10 plan. You get three of those plus all the other stuff the chatm covers like access to the latest models from OpenAI Claude Opus Nano Banana Gro Deep Seek GLM and then you have other things here like video generation from Lumalabs Sora Wan 2.5 Seed Dance Cling VO yeah there's a lot of stuff that's included in this but of course everything uses your tokens and if you need more there's a pro tier for an extra $10 and $20 monthly, just different levels, and you'll be able to do a lot more with that. Wow. Okay, that is very pretty. Look at that. It's got the translucent effect at the top. Nice looking site. It's got the testimonial section that's completely interactive. It's got animations. It's got a form that you can fill out. I wonder if that works. We'll check that in a second here. This navigation at the top scrolls very nicely. I personally don't like autoscrolling like that. Um, just my own thing, but at least it's not one of those sites where it kind of hijacks your scroll and keeps you in the same spot. I hate those sites. Let's try this form. I wonder if this is going to work. Oh, look at that. Interactive widgets. Date selection. Yes. Yes. Yes. Budget. Uh, no. That's too much. Let's go here. Hi. Submit request. This is so cool. This is going to send an actual email. I got to see this. No way. Aurora Lux Travel. I got an email. This is a functional contact page. That is cool. So, here's a mobile view of it. This is responsive and that works very well with a hamburger icon. That used to be really difficult to do and now apparently not. Deploy. Oh, I can deploy this to an Abacus AI domain or a custom domain or a custom subdomain. Very cool. Let's go with a travel. Deploy. a travel.abacusai.app. Nice. Um, I probably shouldn't have done that cuz now you're all going to fill out this form and send me emails, aren't you? Well, if I get too many, I'll turn it off. Let's see how our local friend did. Oh, still going. It's wrapping up. It says, "Here is the summary of what we've built." And it's telling you what it needs next. We need node npm install dependencies, npm rundev, and we should be able to have it running. Is it done? 29 minutes. And yeah, looks like uh it's not generating anymore. And from our GPU history, looks like nothing's happening. It's done. Let's check it out. npm install. Could not read package.json. Oh, our package.json is messed up, too. All right. I did say I was going to give it a chance. So, let's give it another chance. Fix the formatting of package.json and tsconfig. Now, if the agent had access to node, I think it probably would have discovered this. Now, one thing that's really nice about this is that this is the cost up here. 0.0. And yeah, you buy this thing one time. Then you never spend any more money. You can keep doing this forever. Well, you got to pay for electricity. Good lord. What is happening here? Why can't you format these simple JSON files? Oh, did it did it do it? It did one of them. Let's see what tsconfig looks like. Oh, it looks even worse. Oh my gosh. But it fixed the package.json JSON at least. Why is this so difficult? Okay, good. npm install. Oh, we're in. Okay, I need to go into another folder. npm install here. Yes, we're installing. That is beautiful. Zero vulnerabilities and it installed cleanly like that. npm rundev. Wow, it started. Come on. Let's navigate there. [sighs] Okay, no images, but not bad. Responsive. Uh, sort of yes, but also a little bit messy. Navigation works. Testimonials are just okay. Detail pages are there. Well, it took a lot longer. And uh, it didn't do everything, but it kind of worked. This is obviously not going to work. This email form or maybe it will. Ah, there is no drop downs for the dates, unfortunately. Budget. Let's do that. Request. Request received. Now, obviously, it should have given me an error instead because there's no way it's going to send it. there is just no backend that's connected to any kind of SNMP servers to be able to send out emails. Whereas a hosted app like Abacus would provide does have that. And of course there's the whole deployment story that now you need to take this somewhere be able to transport this code somewhere, deploy it, set up some kind of pipeline for that. So who's the better coder, the $10,000 local monster or the cloud brain? Here's the reality. If you have huge budget for hardware, then local is going to be pretty good. It's going to get you close, but then there's going to be a few steps you're going to need to complete, even running large models like this. If you're going to be paying for a deep agent, you don't need a huge budget. You just do it one month at a time, and you have access to all the other stuff. But it's a subscription model, just like all the other subscription models go. You're going to have to pay monthly in order to keep it going. But the results speak for themselves. I think this one is the winner as far as giving me a more complete project that's pretty much ready to go. Of course, I don't know who Victoria Harrington is. Yeah, she's an art collector in London, and that's probably not a real picture. So, I'm going to have to replace that anyway. There's a little more work involved in there, too. But then I can go back and request changes and updates to be made. Maybe provide real people and real testimonials. Another nice thing here is if you go to settings, you have a database that you can connect to the app. Storage, secrets, all these other options that usually come when you're actually hosting your application are available here as well. So, if you want something done quickly and hosted for you, then this is the way to go. What do you think of this tool? I think it did a really good job. Thanks for watching and I'll see you in the next one. [music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @AZisk [18 likes]: Try out Deep Agent  - https://deepagent.abacus.ai/ltf
  2. @Factopia-v9l: what is this better code? its local llm its not for better code...... its for 24/7 not for better code.... 1$ api can write better code with any frontier model. but how much does it cost on 24/7?  also you can run dsg spark 128gb for 4k with deepseek flash no need 15k  mac studio.
  3. @itamar.j.rachailovich: Hello sir.
Can you make a video for people with constraints, monetarily constraints. Optimising for the best machine they can get under the constraints of cost <= 1000$, when the goal is to be able to run PyTorch and TensorFlow pipelines for educational purposes, and be able to run run some small LLMs locally
  4. @erikalm6007: "Provide real testimony"? Are you ok? You do realise an LLM will never be able to get real (as in real beer) testimonies.
Or what? SMS: We have your kids, go to this site and write a real testimony if you want them back.... 🤣😂
Also, SMTP, Alex. SMTP! 😆
  5. @MrSponkie: You should just say that this is a sponsored video...
  6. @daviddoudouable: Is the top of the art for AI to create a website ?😂😂😂😂😂 The world is wasted for nothing 😢 sorry, I find your channel really cool but, really?!?!, you are the expert : if all this no sense about AI (not yours, the world one) is about building website, is it worth it ? 😮
  7. @JamesRinkevich: I don’t like the AI putting in false testimonials. Those will get you in trouble with regulators for fraud.
  8. @RenoirB: \n

Is text representation symbol for newline. Typically what we use in strings to tell to make a new line
  9. @cocyoutubefact1665: local llm is gonna make work easy and genuinely they areenogh  for most work and privacy concern
  10. @businessoftechnology: My brain keeps asking what the cost would be for a full time coder using deep agent per month. One of my takes is using anything from GitHub Copilot to Claude Code and beyond, especially with the shifting pricing models, the cost of creating a project is a rolling gamble. With local LLM, it does require more hand holding, slower or more cycles, but the costs are more predictable.

P.S.
More predictable if you can afford a functional local AI to start with. :)
  11. @hasanx8317: It took longer because come on, you've used a 4xxB parameter model, fits in the ram but it's slow!! ... I don't think building a website like that requires more than 24B
  12. @johnmadsen37: This was before qwen3.6 )
  13. @MI5500: 5:55 I watch videos like this one while agents are working!
  14. @Kungpaoshizzi: As much as I want to run locally, using Claude, I figure I get access to always-new hardware for 20 bones a month. So 240 a year vs everything-else-is-way-more-expensive and I would probably only get to run smaller LLMs /shrug
  15. @joseph-1gsd47: did you mean SMTP?
  16. @dmitrirussu: shit worst compression i seen, that man try to sell sponsor solution which is much expensiv  than local solution
  17. @samgod: Invaluably informative and thorough. Thanks!
  18. @LuisAgra94: Now this vid hits different
  19. @someguytu: So you break-even time: ~90+ years
  20. @DaneDuPlessis: Sounds like a great argument not to run big LLM models locally.

- The Mac Mini Situation is Infuriating: Kind: captions Language: en In this video, I want to clear up once and for all the whole Mac Mini situation when it comes to clawbot, open claw, maltbot, whatever the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you want to call it. And the reason this has frustrating me so much is because people who don't necessarily understand technology, the open- source nature of the software are getting really confused and spending money that they don't have. And because this is drumming up controversy, it means people are creating content trying to convince you that you should buy a Mac Mini with baseless statements when the truth is you quite probably don't need a Mac Mini. This is actually like an abstracted section of my open clause situation video that I just thought I'd extend on, but go watch that cuz there are other points in there that kind of address all the controversies at the time. Otherwise, let's just dig into the the Mac Mini situation. Now, why should you listen to me? I've been building apps, making websites for the last 20 years. I know how to code. I know how to write code. I've been exploring AI for the last year and a half. You can go back on my channel and watch videos from be at the very very beginning of 2025 of me talking about AI and coding in general. I think I have the credentials to talk about the technology reasons as to why you want to do this stuff and the pros and the cons because there are pros and cons. And full disclosure, I am running my open claw on a MacBook Pro over there, an old MacBook Pro. I do want to get one thing super clear before we go into this. You don't inherently get increased security just because you're running it on a MacBook. If you follow instructions on how to install it on a VPS that directly address the security issues, then you should be fine. Just following that very, very carefully. Outside of this, all of the security issues that we should be aware of, such as prompt injection or exposing API keys exist on the VPS installation or a local installation. Let's cut right to the chase. There's only one real big reason why you would run on a Mac and that is it's just easy. You're throwing money at the problem and you don't have to worry about anything like sandboxing. There are ways to run it on a virtual machine on your everyday laptop that still sandbox. Don't have to worry about that. installing things and packages. If you run it on a VPS, you have to code and and and access the terminal in order to install those things against your machine. So, you can just install anything you want. So, if you have the money, go for it. But outside of that, the benefits are few and far between. The biggest one being if you want to run local LLMs. And it's not that you can't do this on another machine. It's just Mac Minis and Macs in general are kind of a cheat code to running local large language models. And I talk about that on this video here. Do you realize how slow running local models is on these MacBooks? Don't get me wrong, we've be we've come a long way, but go watch any video, just search local LLM on my channel or private or anything around that. You'll see how many videos I've explored running local models. It is slow. I don't have the latest and greatest. Again, full disclosure, but you are still not getting incredible speeds for this thing. often times you don't need incredible speeds because you're just running oneoff little commands here or there. But it begs the question why you would need all that power you would need running local if you're not fully utilizing AI in the first place. Because another great service that does a large portion of what I'm doing on Maltbot is N. This is an automation platform. Yes, it's a little bit concrete, but I use Agentic browsers like ChatgBT Atlas, Perplexity Comment, all of these things to help me orchestrate an N workflow to have it do what I want to do. Another even simpler one is Zappia. You can read your emails and interpret those emails and do certain actions based on those emails through Zappia. The other reason why you might want to use uh a Mac Mini or any private computer is access to your file system. Okay, so actually running and doing things with certain files. You can attach files in Telegram and send it to it and it will action those files. I've heard that people can airdrop your files and and agreed that's very convenient. But you can also email files to your open claw. You can also have Dropbox put it to open claw. There are some quality of life Apple specific conveniences that you can't you can't beat. But having that is not a deal breaker for you to go out and spend money on new or refurbished or or secondhand Mac minis. You can give access to Google Drive and get it to put it in Google Drive. Other than those things, most things you can get done on an old computer, right? Or very old computer. You know, maybe it's a HP laptop or something that you've had lying around. or maybe it's like a 30 buck one that's in a secondhand store down the road or indeed it's a Raspberry Pi which is just a micro computer that you can plug into a monitor. If you're really confused about the some of the technical aspects of of OpenClaw and you can't use anything but Mac, I would honestly question why you're gravitating towards OpenClaw. It's not ready for people like you to be honest. I think there are other tools out there that haven't blown up that haven't got enough hype that again like Zapia nam even claude co-work or claude code can get a lot of this stuff done again I want to release another video on clawed code versus openclaw there's plenty of stuff you can get done just in in clawed code that you don't need to have something running on a separate machine and doing everything like I I I I'm a big advocate of open claw and I've been telling all my friends about it and I've been telling you guys about it. I fundamentally don't believe it's for everyone and I certainly don't believe it's it's worth going out and getting a new computer over because that being said, biggest reason why I think I advocate sort of VPS setup and I've got a video on the uh hosting installation which is very very simple and and you can have it running for say a month is to to get to know what you use it for before committing to buying a Mac Mini. If you do think that that's the way to go, discover how much you can get done just running it on a VPS, running it on an old computer. You might find that in a week that you're not doing the things that you thought you would do. Some chron jobs I've removed completely because they just weren't getting exactly what I wanted. They weren't working in the way that I want. So the things I thought I'd be doing weren't the things I ended up doing because either the quality wasn't there or quite frankly it didn't save me any time. So, in summary, discover how you're using OpenClaw, whether it's right for you, using something like a VPS or an old computer. Follow the setup carefully. I've run through it multiple times in the exact way that I've laid out in the video, and everything worked exactly the same way as I put in there. So, I I think people are rushing through the setup. Only use a Mac Mini if you're keen on using local models. The caveat to that being is that they are slower, which might be okay if you're running proactive jobs. Let's say half an hour, an hour before a meeting, you have it do something that it can take that half an hour to do that thing that you want it to do. By a Macin, if you absolutely need to give it access to local files on the file system that you can't message it on on Telegram, uh the video file or the document or the photo you want to take to take action on. Like there are ways around these things that take a fractional amount of time longer but ultimately are negligible and only when you know exactly what you're using Clawbot for through an experimentation either through a again an easier mean a cheaper means whether it's an all computer or VPS only then you feel yourself physically blocked by doing things um through open claw on those devices you might think to to get a Mac Mini. I hope this video doesn't come across overly aggressive towards this this this idea of buying a Mac Mini, but it's it's truly infuriating me that it's getting people to buy things when they that they don't have and goes against any practical advice that you'd give any CEO or company owner where they need to discover their limitations before then buying or or alleviating that limitation with a new purchase or a new hire or something like that. You don't anticipate things. You don't spend money or time or resources anticipating too many things. Reach your limit, understand what it's about, and then alleviate that with a tool or a hire or some something like that. It just it's just not clever advice. So, let me know if you agree, you disagree. Um, if you have any more reasons as to why you would buy a Mac Mini, I'd love to hear them. I've just I I I've tried I've exhausted all of my thoughts there. Let me know of any clawbot videos you want to want me to create. I want to create a deep dive on actually creating a secure VPS. We have a one-click setup with Hostinger, but that's again for very different reasons. I do want to do a clawed code open claw comparison as well. It's also a lot easier than you think to get it running on your main machine inside of a sandbox. So, let me know if you want that video. But yeah, just let me know if there's anything you're confused about and I'll make follow-up videos for those. Like, subscribe if you haven't already. Check my Patreon at patreon.com/x5m5 for deep dives and early release videos. Until next time, keep on vibing.

  Top Comments:
  1. @aaaronmiller: theres one other reason macmini openclaw devoices are convienent: hte safari browser gets flagged as a bot far less than other browser automation methods..although camofox does it even better no matter what system you have. cheers
  2. @pepsimac: whats the recommended spec of a mac mini you should buy?  is the minimum spec 24gb memory and 512gb storage?
  3. @Tupac61383: I’m having tons of trouble trying to install open claw. After using docker to finally get it running it and getting telegram set up it it changed a setting then crashed and now I can’t start it again at all. What the hell? What am I doing wrong?
  4. @mikelucas6965: Interesting Video - I tried running things on a vps for 3 weeks and have found more challenges in setup, and connections than I was anticipating - to your first point in video ... the "Easy" route is what's led me to look into a small dedicated machine to handle openclaw so i can better test and connect things.  Thanks for the insight here.
  5. @alexanderpoplawski577: Running local LLMs does not have the benefits people assume. Regarding security,  a local model is more likely vulnerable to prompt injection, than a frontier model.  Cost, if you use a 3rd party model equivalent to the capabilities of a local LLM, it is rather cheap. It will take a long time to reach the cost of the hardware necessary to run a decent local LLM.For complex tasks you will still end up using one of the top frontier models. The only reason would be, that you won't send private data to Anthopic, OpenAI etc. But this is also true for ChatGPT, Claude etc.
  6. @MartinBellP: Pragmatic realism is a trait of a SW Eng with your 20 years of domain experience, this is why your channel has value. 👍

Not to distract from your message, but I'm getting a bit fed up debugging my virtualbox per reboot. Even if I don't see something to trigger a debugging session I don't really know what is running and what isn't. I'm starting to feel managing Moltbot (naming at time of install) is undoing any benefit. I'm leaning towards a fresh install on a mini pc.
  7. @FrankSchwarzfree: I'd like to see a Cloudflare vs hostinger setup battle with feature/benefit comparison...not sure if this would interfere with your sponsorship with hostinger.
  8. @FrankSchwarzfree: I'm already sick of the I bought a Mac Studio 10k computer to a billion dollar shat.
  9. @tschorsch: OpenClaw or not, you don't need a Mac Mini.

- ComfyUI on Mac Mini M4 — My Honest Experience: Kind: captions Language: en Hello guys. So currently I'm running a Mac Mini M4. Let me show you. And uh this video is about that should you run a comfy UI on it or not. So currently I'm running a base variant of M4 Mac Mini. And I try to run a comfy UI. I thought like let's just try to generate something if we can uh you know like uh on on my PC and I would just say that I'm very disappointed and it's it's basically not working. So I tried two model like first of all uh when 2.2 too for video and and yes like I tried a high-end thing because that's how I think I I work and I think even if you try to do a very low model it's it doesn't mean anything it's not going to work like you are not going to able to use those file and for uh for I think image generation I try to use hydream uh let me find it this one hydream full and even if I try to run on a very low pixels like let's say 300 by 300 it's not it's not working. It's uh either it's just uh getting stuck and it's going to do nothing here or it's going to give you an error about like we have a very low BM or some sort of thing. So basically what I'm uh saying is if you're trying to do this thing then just don't do it. I personally try it and it's not going to work out. Also another thing is that even like let's say you you you say that I wanted to try it by myself. I don't trust you. Then there are some other uh tools which is actually optimized for Mac. This thing comfy UI is actually optimized for uh more like a Windows graphics card things CUDA thing and the Mac Mini M4 has a silicon chip. So for silicon chip there are some other tools which are kind of optimized for it. Uh I don't know I think CHGPD gave me some ideas like um some follow strings or some kind of thing and so if you wanted to try it try that otherwise personally what I personally thought is and I have I have seen people building PC for AIG and thing and they are actually building it for a very uh cost uh it it's costing them a lot and they are using like 16 GB graphics card and stuff. So more and less I think it's not going to work on our M4 Mac Mini. So if you if you are about to try it, I would say don't try it. This is my suggestion and thank you so much for watching.

  Top Comments:
  1. @huchukato [5 likes]: you have to use the GGUF versions of the checkpoints, forget wan2.2 but with sdxl and flux you are gonna be fine, I run them on an M2 8gb
  2. @MrFritzthecatfish [2 likes]: Use a Mac Studio with at least 64GB ram instead
  3. @ดังตฤณ-ฤ8ฎ [2 likes]: on mac, i use comfyui as video api, or generate simple picture. it works for that kind of jobs.
  4. @ishanborah4916 [1 likes]: Most Comfy UI Workflows and resources are coded by researchers not developers hence the lack of proper Available tools and instruments to work on mac and especially on a new Device type like Silicon. We are very screwed for this. Feel You bro!! This is very terrible!!
  5. @ThisDamAi: depends on the mac to be fair on mac you are running metal not nvidia  mostly its ok but somethings like sage attention thats a nvidia thing and fp8 is not directly runable on a mac for me my mac studio has 96gb ram and practically i have 48gb of vram although all 96gb can be used by the gpu's.  it is slower without a doubt but can be a reasonable speed , the gguf is a good option because these are mac compatible , and smaller but smaller is a thing thats needed for most consumer nvidia cards because of lack of vram , i can run a 43GB model on my mac , but you need a very expensive nvidia card to do this.   so yes theres a trade of between speed and model size , nvidea based you can run smal models fast and maybe not at all , mac huge vram but slower. better models
  6. @shil10amit: Use gguf
  7. @ScrolltheNature: I guess you can try run pod if you want to run remotely
  8. @Batman-xl2bg: Lol U CANNOT USE UNI_PC as your sampler. Changer to euler or dpm2 and it will work.

- Packing up $40,000 of Macs (clustering isn't always the answer): Kind: captions Language: en-US Well, it's time to pack up the Mac Studio cluster and send it back to Apple. And I thought I'd take a quick moment to talk to you a little bit about clusters. And I think, especially after this experience, why I don't always go with a cluster solution and why I think for most people, especially if you haven't had a lot of experience with clusters, you should try to scale up vertically before you start spreading out horizontally. Or, well, in this case, this is a cluster to manage, if you get what I'm saying. For instance, when you have a cluster of computers, you have to deal with more than one set of connections for everything, including the cabling, which I'm going to unplug this stuff and I'll show you this massive fun little mess that I have back here. And the weight of everything is a lot more. This is $40,000 computers here. I probably shouldn't actually do that, but you can see the cables here. I'm gonna break something, I'm sure. Anyway, you have the cabling of everything. That's just the physical aspect. Mounting everything into a rack. You know, you have this, you have you have little little Raspberry Pi clusters like this one. There's just a lot of physical infrastructure that goes into these things that you could avoid if you don't do a cluster. For this little AI cluster showdown or whatever it's called, I did a set of Macs. I've been running two Dell AI, I forget what they're called, they're like their little Pro NVIDIA GB10 boxes. I've done two of those and I did four framework desktops. The hardware layer is one aspect, the software layer is a whole different thing and especially with like ai workloads it's not in a state where especially a beginner type person would want to dive in and try to do this stuff because all the tools for cluster management are either built for like enterprise clusters where you have hundreds of gigabits of bandwidth and millions of dollars or they're built for hobbyists who have way too much time on their hands and can spend all that time debugging problems and trying to get things connected together. This Mac cluster has EXO, and that was what I was testing on here, and I think that's why Apple also was willing to send these things out to some reviewers, basically to let us have a go at it. But even EXO, which is a GUI-driven application, had its warts and has its little quirks. Some of those are due to hardware problems. Some of those are due to the complexity of just having clustered software. But you run into, like, instead of just dealing with single machine issues and cooling and powering them and all that, you have to deal with that across more than one machine, which is highly annoying sometimes. And if you misconfigure something, usually you're misconfiguring it four times instead of one time, or if you have a larger cluster, even more times. So, I don't know, I guess I really wanted to talk about it a little bit because I do a lot of clustering on this channel, but I generally don't recommend people do clustering unless you're trying to learn or if you're going to actually use that skill for your work. If you're not doing that, sometimes it can just lead to frustration. And especially in like the home lab community, if you start doing something for fun and it becomes frustrating, well, then it's not fun anymore. That's also the reason why I have not this year made a video, which I talked about doing last year, on clustered AI solutions and comparing these things. Because each one has its own quirks and each one has taken weeks to work through a lot of those quirks. All that coupled with the fact that like anything with the word AI in it is going to draw such varied responses from people who are like AI bros, kind of like the crypto bros, to people who are anti-AI and can't see any value in it, which I think I'm somewhere in between, but more on the side of AI is way overhyped right now. And even, you know, Dell, after they released those little mini PCs, they actually supposedly are going back a little bit on the whole AI naming convention because they've realized that that's just silly. Like, it's a computer. It's not an AI computer. Just because it has a feature or two that might be useful for running LLMs, that doesn't make an AI machine. At some point, maybe we'll get beyond that phrasing in high-performance computing. But right now, money numbers must still go up. So we're still seeing a lot of this AI junk. I'm going to keep taking this apart. And part of the terms of that whole Apple XO deal, you know, I don't ever sign up for something on this channel where I am restricted from saying anything. And they did not restrict me from saying anything. I do work with embargoes every now and then. Like sometimes Raspberry Pi will send over a box and say, you know, please don't post anything until after such and such a date. That was basically how this was. Also for a little bit of like inside YouTube baseball here, I actually have all of the sponsorship policies, review policies, guidelines, and things on my GitHub. I'll try to link to that in the description. I figure that having 100% transparency there is the only way to have people you know, be able to build trust and gain trust. And trust is the currency for YouTube. Because it's YouTube, it's not corporate tube, although there's a lot of places that are like that nowadays. The only term that I had with Apple basically was to have an embargo, don't talk about this until, I forget what the date was, that I published the video. But that was it. And if there was anything more than that, I would not have agreed to this. Apple didn't have any stipulations on what I could say. I even said something that was incorrect, mostly due to a misunderstanding, and they basically, you know, their PR team, I'm sure that they're a little more strict than some other PR teams, but they basically said, hey, can you put a pinned comment saying, you know, this is incorrect or whatever, and I did that because I don't want to have incorrect information in the video, but they were very, very great to work with, which was honestly surprising. I figured that they would not be as easy to work with as some other teams. But yeah, I don't work with vendors if they are going to try to exert any control over the output or over the process or any of that kind of stuff. But yeah, so that was the Apple video. Anyway, this video is all over the board. That's why it's a Level 2 Jeff video. I think the biggest point I wanted to make was that clustering is not as fun as you'd think it would be a lot of times, especially if you're dealing with like bleeding edge software. That made it a little bit tougher for this particular video because every time we'd fix something, you'd have to fix it across all four machines. And that's not the most fun thing in the world. But I think after doing all this, my recommendation, a few people have emailed me asking like, if I do want to run large language models locally, what is your recommendation i think my recommendation right now is if you have lots of money buy an m3 ultra mac studio 512 gigs of ram that's going to be the best option out of the box very quiet can sit it on your desk whatever and if you want to get into it you could try to build a cluster these things but it's it's kind of diminishing returns the more you plug in it's not like a linear scaling that you're getting and this is not just for ai it's for any clustering technology. So, you know, be aware that, you know, the more money you spend, you won't necessarily get a better experience. And you're also going to be running into some more of those software issues. So scaling vertically is a lot easier. And I think right now you still get more bang for your buck. And you might notice that these Dell peripherals here, these actually came in with that little the little Dell systems but they're pretty decent but very expensive this this particular screen it's a USB-C slash display port type thing this thing costs like 250 or 300 bucks I don't remember exactly how much it is but it's nice but it's I to be honest I wouldn't buy that for myself the keyboard the keyboard is actually nice I wish that Apple made a keyboard of this caliber. The mouse, it's very ergonomic, but it's it. I don't know. It doesn't fit my hand that well. But yeah, if you saw these in that video, a couple people had asked about it. And a little Easter egg, if you ever see this around. This was from, given to me by somebody at VCF Midwest. If you ever worked in IT in the 2000s, the late 90s, 2000s, you've probably had about a thousand of these things floating around because every Gateway 2000 computer and server with one of these. So there are, I think Dell for a time gave you mouse pads too. Even Apple did. There was a time period where everybody was given mouse pads with their computers. And those have dwindled over the years to where I only have one of those mouse pads left at home. But this was just a fun thing. Somebody got this printed and gave out a bunch of these at VCF. So if they're back next year, I might buy like five or 10 of these and just stick them everywhere just for the fun of it. They're pretty good mouse pads too. Let's see. We'll start at the top with studio 4. This is one nice thing about Apple's Mac Studio setup. The boxes for these things are great for shipping, although if I ever want to get this power cable back into this thing, that's a level of origami I'm not going to figure out, so I'm just going to put this back in. I'm sorry to whoever receives this at Apple if they make you put it back into that origami shape, but I just I don't have the patience to try to figure that out. I kind of like these cables for desktops but in terms of servers these cables have this fabric coating on them and all it does is it makes your hands feel funny after a while if you're doing a bunch of these and it catches dust so i guess if you're deploying these things at scale maybe don't don't use these cables i i said something incorrect in that video too that i don't remember if i put this in a pinned comment or not but these cables are standard i forget what the standard is called but they're some people call them the mickey mouse plugs. I was thinking they were non-standard because Apple has done that kind of silly thing in the past, but sometimes in a video you're just not 100% right and that's okay. That's how life is, you know? So let's see if I can... that's good. It fits in there without the little origami thing. And I will try to get Apple's little wrappers on these things. I'm going to take off my label. I do wonder where these things will end up like are they going to use them as like uh training training models or are they going to resell them as used these things are heavy too holy cow they the ultra ones with the the bigger processor they are relatively heavy so which way does this go i don't i don't think it matters too much. I'll just put it on like this. Well there we go. So you can get this back on there. And then I think that's that. I think that's all the parts. So we got number four in there. Let's work on another one. There's three next.

  Top Comments:
  1. @thegreenpickel [3 likes]: It's a good idea to make a video of you packing up $40K worth of Apple demo equipment in case it doesn't arrive in pristine condition as you sent it.
  2. @kingnick6260 [1 likes]: I truly appreciate content creators who give the good, bad, and the ugly. Keeping it real without the marketing push for a solution that may not work for everybody
  3. @MaXwellFalstein [1 likes]: During my Degree, I clustered lots of the most powerful Dell professional machines.
I found out the mid-tier professional machines stopped playing ball after eight nodes and 24 nodes for the highest-spec machines.
I also had access to the University's supercomputer.

Clustering is not just about compute. It is about resilience.
You can spend $40,000 on a compute server or buy four $10,000 compute servers.
If the single server fails, no compute.
If one of the four servers fails, the remaining three servers continue to operate.

It is the same for utilities in data centres.
If one supply goes down, there are 15 other supplies taking the load.
  4. @sagichnicht6748 [1 likes]: I refuse calling my "Ryzen AI Max 395+" that way, I just say "Strix Halo" or "Ryzen 395"... even though I got it also for playing around with LLM just a little bit (but really just to have some compact modest Gaming machine). It is time for that bubble to burst.
The useful stuff will stay the rest will drown and it will be good.
  5. @thomasfessler [1 likes]: Time to look for an influx of refurbs at Apple.
  6. @cgmoussalli [1 likes]: Jeff is competing with Lewis Hilsenteger, we have here a "Re-Box Therapy"
  7. @6242-j1z: Apple and Nvidia should make a 1.5TB vRAM in one interface for desktop users targeting people wanting to try out the largest LLMs with extra RAM space to be able to run other processes in the background. This video feels like - 'May clustering rest in peace'
  8. @loserllm: Manage your cluster with AI, Jeff!
  9. @onedayproperty: Thin on content..... Very waffly video
  10. @mattm7899: Idk why everyone calls it a mickey mouse connector I guess IEC60320 C5 Connector and IEC60320 C6 Appliance Inlet just isn't as catchy.
  11. @nrg3k: A shame this went back to Apple before you could deploy openclaw to the cluster hehe
  12. @garyhuntress6871: I'm an AI and clustering hobbyist.   I do things because it's fun to try and learn. I sharded a pretraied model that had 90 layers and I wrapped each layer in a flask server.   Then I spun up 90 webservers on 4 different computers..... I was amazed that it still worked!    I guess it's not really clustering but I learned a lot!
  13. @CaprisunToes: Such a real video. 100% the reason I subscribed and recommend this channel to others
  14. @Digitalstorm007: 40k dollars of "Apple" computers.
  15. @erikjohnson9112: Cluster of 2 seems a lot more manageable.  (and what I am looking to do)  Local Kimi K2.5 at native INT4 is so tempting.
  16. @DeskPiOfficial: Mac Studio Cluster for EXO ? that is awesome cluster!!! running ansible to control all of them in one command line, once it running a clawdbot, oh, not it called molt bot, oh, no ,it is openclaw right now, it will earn money by themself right now.... what a cool cluster that you have !!! amazing...
  17. @ToddWalton: "a cluster to manage"? The strong language on this channel is getting out of control.
  18. @johnhricko8212: You are such a wonderful example of a well balanced, practical but gleefully inspiring human... ! Party on!
  19. @jeffnew1213: VMware vSphere cluster: Single 10G or better connection (gigabit is okay for the home lab). Two for redundancy. Three connections to each machine if you include dedicated management. All connections into a top-of-rack switch or switches. Easy peasy. No better way to run vSphere.
  20. @goingrandom3558: The truth always is something in between the extremes. AI-bros and AI-haters both are wrong. AI has it's uses, but mostly for assisting humans doing their work. I hope the AI bubble bursts soon and we can live in the "It's a nice tool"-era

- The M4 Mac mini - I got it WRONG!: Kind: captions Language: en Rule 101, always listen to your own buying guidance. Before you go into the comments and say, "Oh, no, not another one of those I got it wrong YouTuber videos." This isn't quite that. Although it is, but it's also not a kind of, you know, I've made a massive mistake video because I haven't. I just screwed up slightly when it came to configuring it. And again, that's just another lesson for me. And more importantly, it's something I can relay to you guys because if you're still thinking about buying an M4 Mac Mini, trust me, you can get it wrong and my lessons will help you in that regard. Also, if you just want to see another updated review of the M4 Mac Mini, that's kind of what this is. I will touch on why this is so fantastic and what I got right about it a few months ago. What else am I going to do in this video? There's other things. Oh, yeah. Um, I think this whole scenario with this computer and the M series chips in general says quite a lot about what's going on with Apple and I think potentially is causing them a bit of an issue, but it might not be an issue actually. It might be the best thing ever. Who knows? Lots of stuff to discuss. Let's get into it. Let's start with the two things that I think I've got right about the M4 Mac Mini. The first one is the fact that it's the best thing that Apple has ever made. When I first claimed that two months ago, I thought, "Oh, no. People are going to come at me with things like the iPod, the iPhone, the original Mac, and say, "No, those things are much more important and much more revolutionary and life-changing than this thing." Which you've got a point. I completely understand. But in my little world in here, in my experience, this is the best Apple product I've ever bought, hands down. And the reason for that is because one, look at it. The size of it, and the power inside is just ridiculous. I I come from up from a world where I had to spend a lot of money to do music production in the past. I pulled my hair out literally, as you can see, when it came to video editing just four or five years ago because even if you spent quite a bit of money on a an Intel MacBook Pro back then, it was noisy and loud and slow and all the rest of it. I've come from that era as a lot of people have, I know. And if you've come from that era, this is just revolutionary. It really is because of the size of it. And the other thing is the price. It's just such a low cost of entry into Mac OS. And Mac OS, as we all know, is the best operating system. The second thing I got right is advising people to buy the base model because I think most people who buy a Mac Mini, in fact, most people who are buying one today just need that base model. You know, increase the the unified memory if you need to get a little bit more internal storage. But remember, you can, you know, you can add external storage almost indefinitely to this thing. But stick with that base model M4 chip because it's much cheaper than the M4 Pro one. Because trust me, once you get into M4 Pro territory, two things will happen. You'll add more and more stuff to it. So, you'll add more and more unified memory. You'll add more and more storage. And before you know it, you bought yourself one of these. Please don't do that. This brings me on to the mistake I've made. But before we get into that, just a very quick word from today's sponsor, which is Mini Sapuru. If you're using an M4 Mac Mini, you probably love that power. But you've probably also hit that I need more ports moment, right? That's where the Miniapuru Mini4 Pro dock comes in. It's not just a dock, it's a stand, hub, and an SSD enclosure allin one. You get extra USB ports, an SD card slot for quick transfers, and even support for an M2 NVME SSD. So, if you need extra storage, which you probably will, you're covered. And if you're using multiple monitors, the 4K HDMI port makes it super easy to expand your workspace. And if you're worried about Wi-Fi interference, you don't need to be. This is a hub that is designed to avoid that. And that means your connection stays strong. This Mini4 Pro dock is sleek, compact, and it blends perfectly with the Mac Mini. And yes, it even makes that power button more accessible. If you want to unlock the full potential of your setup and your M4 Mac Mini, check this out. The link is in the description. The big thing that I got wrong about the M4 Mac Mini was my ordering process. So, my brain was stuck in the past. Basically, I thought, okay, I need as many CPU and GPU cores as possible because I might still do some video editing in the future. I want to get back into music production, so let's just get the most possible. So, I got the M4 Pro and speced it up as far as possible. I then thought, right, unified memory. I don't want to run out of that, particularly if I'm doing, you know, music production, working with samples and all that sort of stuff. Let's just get 64 gig. So, I added 64 gig to the car as well. I then thought, okay, I don't want to mess around with having, you know, SSDs stuck out the back of it, you know, hanging out the back and worrying about them failing and all that sort of stuff. So, let's just get 2 TB of storage as well. So, I added that. In fact, then I pressed buy. And then I realized that Patrick Rambles had done the exact same thing, but he'd also added the 10 GB Ethernet, and I can't have a lesser Mac Mini than Patrick. So, I cancelled the order, reordered it with the 10 GB Ethernet, and the total came to 2,899. A couple of months later, I realized that I don't need any of that really. I I I genuinely don't. I could have got away with the base model M4, 24 gig of unified memory max. I probably don't even need that. And 512 gig of storage, which which would have cost me a pound under a grand, 999 quid. Ugh. And you know what? I wouldn't notice any difference. I'm slowly getting back into music production and it would work fine on that lesser lesser spec that I've just mentioned. Equally, we've got another project that we're spinning up which will involve me doing some more video editing again, which I'm looking forward to. But again, that base model chip would be absolutely fine with it. So, I've spent near enough three grand basically on something I didn't need. So, I didn't listen to my own advice basically. And I think all of this potentially is presenting a bit of an issue for Apple. I've often said that if you know that you need a certain amount of unified memory or a certain number of GPU calls, you know that's the case. You don't need me to tell you that. This was very neatly summed up by Mark Williamson 9199 in a comment that he left against one of my videos recently. I am paraphrasing this slightly cuz I need to. He said, "Yes, I can think of a use case for a Mac Studio Ultra. In 2007 to 2010, I was working on modeling of trajectories of lifting bodies with six doth models. We had 48 HP Blade servers and simulating 400,000 different scenarios took 45 days of execution. Being able to do that in less than one day on a few Mac few on a few Mac Studio Ultras would have been heaven. No idea what he's talking about. I don't know what a doth is. I don't know what a a model of a trajectory is. No idea. But clearly he knows he needs several of these. However, that is such a small market. And when we come to the M4 Mac Mini, that anyone who needs more than the base model M4 delivers is an even smaller market. I'm I'm convinced of that. So, because of that, if you're thinking about buying an M4 Mac Mini, you've ended up on this video. You've probably watched other videos of people reviewing it and giving buying guidance and we're pretty much all saying the same thing which is just get the base model because then you'll look at these stress test videos. I've done a couple myself and you'll watch people running, you know, 100 track Logic Pro arrangements alongside a thousand export raw file thing from Lightroom and a Blender project at the same time and a 4 camera 4K multicam thing going on in Final Cut Pro all together. And you'll think, I'm never going to do that. And that's true because no one ever does that sort of stuff. And you'll just come back to the point of buying the cheapest Mac Mini you can you can find because you don't need all that power which means Apple loses out on upsells. You know, people buying the M4 Pro, buying more memory, etc. Which must be an issue surely. Is Tim Cook looking at his, you know, looking at his spreadsheets now and thinking, why is everyone buying the cheapest version? Because the other problem is that you'll buy one of these and then you'll keep it for years because it never goes wrong. And because there's so much performance headroom, even in that base model, you won't need another Mac for ages, which means again, Apple then loses out on a an upgrade. You know, they lose out on you changing your Mac in 3 years time because it's just there's nothing wrong with it. Basically, is Apple Silicon too good? Counter argument to this is the fact that apparently they're gaining market share. So, in the first quarter of this year, there were 5 12 million Macs shipped, which is an increase from the 4.8 8 million shipped during the first quarter of last year. So clearly they are gaining. I again it's still quite a small percentage of the overall computer market, PC market, whatever, whatever you want to call it, but it's growing. And okay, we don't know what you know within that 5.5 million. Who knows how many of those were were one of these. But I think it would be quite a lot. And I think it would be a lot of base model versions, a lot of base model MacBook Airs as well. I think that's the case. So maybe it's not a problem. Maybe Tim's looking at those spreadsheets and thinking, "Happy days." But I do wonder if Apple silicon, ironically, is too powerful. You know, how many people are working with doths and stuff? I I just don't think it's that many people. How many people need this much power? How many people need the Mac Pro? You remember the Mac Pro? It's still there. You can buy one. It's got an Apple silicon chip in it, but they haven't Well, at the time of filming, they haven't updated it yet. Is that going will you know will will we be saying goodbye to Macs like that and Macs like this the Mac Studio? I don't know but I'd love to know from you. This is where as always guys I turn it over to you. Let me know in the comments what you think about the entire Mac debate at the moment. It's a wonderful problem to have but it's fascinating. Also guys, if you've got this far and you've enjoyed this video, give it a thumbs up, please. It makes a massive difference. And if you haven't hit subscribe yet, you know where that button is. Equally, if you're watching this on TV, which a lot of people are doing now these days, it's not easy to find where that subscribe button is. So, in that case, pick up your phone, whatever it happens to be. If you've got an iPhone 16, I'm still using it, by the way. Go into YouTube, find this channel, hit subscribe, and I'll love you forever. Anyway, guys, thank you for watching. Let me know what you think in the comments, and I'll catch you in the next one. Cheers.

  Top Comments:
  1. @MarkEllisReviews [60 likes]: ❌ I overspent on the M4 Mac Mini.

If you're buying one → don't make the same mistake:
✅ Base M4 Mac Mini: https://geni.us/eHHSa
🔌 Miniapuru Dock (Sponsor): https://geni.us/qonpYBD
💾 External SSD (cheaper, smarter): https://geni.us/BX5OBfa

You don't need the M4 Pro unless you’re running NASA simulations. Trust me.

Don't forget to join my completely FREE weekly newsletter for access to my Discord server, additional content, and deals from our brand partners 👉 https://newsletter.markellismedia.uk/subscribe
  2. @ReallyReallyQuiteCross: Mac Studio Ultras are great for running on-premise AI models. Cheaper than NVIDA tin and much cheaper than endless cloud tokens.
  3. @RoyOlsen: To me it just sounds weird and wrong to get anything less than the 64GB. 

My biggest regret in recent years was my M3 Max 36GB. What a waste.
  4. @frazerweb: Ive just bought a base model used for £450, Ironically the 8tb wd nvme i bought in 2024 now costs more than the pro model as its doubled in price. It will be enough for my needs using adobe bridge and photoshop.
  5. @odesseus: Last September I got the base and added a 2tb third party SSD and installed it in 15 min, and it has worked flawlessly since. Just FYI. I did get the 24gb RAM (which is ridiculously expensive). It's been a huge and amazing difference in my use.
  6. @jordanc3233: The algorithm is cruel today. Thanks, YT, for recommending a video about something you can't buy.
  7. @Dingo0815: You were right, Mac Pro disappeared....silently.
  8. @SuperGv2011: I made a mistake buying one of the base model M4 Mac minis last year for just $499. I should have bought 3.
  9. @evilqueen1: 2025: "Virtually no one needs more than base"...........May 2026: Along came a hoarde of people trying to run local LLMs and it is literally impossible to buy a top spec Mac Mini......Out of stock until August.
  10. @jremi: Roughly a year ago, I bought the M4 Mac mini base model but with 24 GB of RAM and a 512 GB SSD for music production. I use Studio One and a lot of orchestral virtual instruments. I have absolutely no regret. I think Apple did the right thing with this. Personally, I had never owned an Apple computer before; I thought they were way too expensive. I had always worked on PCs. When the Mac mini M4 came out though, I realized that I could get it, with the above mentioned features, for the price of a cheap PC. I was really impressed with the small size and I read about the advantages of the unified memory and the “silent” design. Some were criticizing the fact that a Mac can’t be expanded (internally)… but that’s the thing… you don’t need to if you make the right choices at the time of purchase.  Apple has always produced turnkey systems. All the components are designed and built to work in an optimal manner together. Anyway all this to say that, because of the Mac mini, I think that Apple will convince many PC users to transition to the Mac. I am already considering moving completely away from PCs for good and I am sure I am not the only one.
  11. @DavidReisner-g2b: I will take part of the blame for the M series chips. Apple was stuck when they were creating that generation of CPUs. John Sculley brought me up to Apple to visit with him and Tim Cook and their architects were stuck on creating the new generation of CPUs. I had lunch with them and suggested the. separation of working memory and I/O memory pathways that they ultimately used.
  12. @landpro28: No need 10gbit

My version: Mac Pro 14-core, 48G, 1TB
  13. @carlosbarbet6800: Old video, but to answer the question for the larger Mac (M4 Pro) with the expansion of AI/ML, I am willing to bet that Apple is going to be selling a lot of M4 Pro chips in the near future.  However, for the budget conscious, your video is in fact very helpful.  So thank you!
  14. @patrickh9810: Hope someone can answer my question and pull me over the line . Is the Mac mini base model sufficient for light cad work (fusion 360) and the adobe cloud package?
  15. @MGEE8572: Ive brought my first mac laptop and this mini m4  . couldnt afford them 5yrs ago
  16. @mikehillproject: I just purchased an M4 with 24GB unified memory and 512GB SSD. I then purchased the CalDigit TS5+ as well as an OWC - M1 case with WD Black SN850X 2TB. Plus, 3 x BenQ GW2790Q QHD 27" monitors. This thing is going to hum. 😁
  17. @maz1980s: DOF is Degree of Freedom. He's probably a mechanical engineer.
  18. @angiedavey1195: A shame to see the dock Sold Out 😞
  19. @nordicmma3193: this is coplaining on high level! I have Mac M4 and i am super happy with it.
  20. @yajusgakhar6969: The iPhone 17, in my opinion, faces exactly the issue you state. It has all the pro features that the common user would ever require at an EXTREMELY (relatively) cheap price, especially compared to the pro models. This is a good(?) thing (perchance? mayhaps?).

- I want efficiency AND speed 🙏 Mini or Nano?: Kind: captions Language: en You might have heard of the Jetson Orin Nano. This thing right here. It's uh Nvidia's little dev kit. It's got CUDA on board and you can use it to do inference. So AI LLM member asked me, is it worth getting one of those or is something like a Mac Mini? Is that going to be good enough for inference for LLMs? Specifically, is it possible to build a PC or Mac that rivals the performance of the Jetson and still be near the price of it? Well, the price of it is 249 bucks. So that's pretty good. But you can no longer find these at 249 bucks. Very hard to find Nvidia stuff right now. I had to buy this thing on eBay for 350 bucks. So the calculations I'm going to do are based on that. I'm going to run an LLM just to give you an idea. Not going to do all of them because yeah, I know you're going to have comments like, "Oh, why don't you run 70 billion par?" No, no, we're not going to do 70 billion parameters. If you don't know what I'm talking about, the number of parameters in an LLM large language model is how big that model is. The higher the number of parameters, the slower it is, the more RAM it requires. These are very small machines. All right, this Orin Nano has 8 gigs of RAM. The Mac Mini has 16. And I'm going to throw in this tiny little mini PC, which is also, I'd say, one of the cheaper ones, and it's tiny. Uh-oh, I unplugged it just now. Ah, what a mess. This is the GeekCom A6 that just came out, and it's got a Ryzen chip on board. So, no Apple silicon, no CUDA. We're going to see how that performs. By the way, the Mac Mini I have on my desk is in this little Zebra case. That way I can have the little power button on the side there and it's h it looks cool. Okay, I just turned them on and they're just sitting there. So, here is the power draw for the Jetson Nano, 7.8 watts, 2.2 watts for the Mac Mini, and 3.5 watts for the GeekCom. You're not looking at Nvidia for saving you power. That's for sure. Even such a tiny little device draws three or four times more wattage than the Mac Mini sitting idle. Okay, now I did set up the Jessen Nano. It took considerable amount of time. I made a whole video for members of the channel. As a side note, if you want to join and become a member of the channel, thank you so much. There's a join button right down below. You get extra videos of me doing experiments and things like that. So, let's do Lama. And I'm going to do Lama list. There's my llama 3.23 billion. We're going to go with that. It's small. It's going to be representative. It's only 3 billion parameters. usable for things like, I don't know, writing emails, making up silly poems, and simple programming functions. So, we're going to run it by doing llama run llama 3.2 3B, and we're going to give it the verbose flag so that we can see how many tokens per second and some stats. Hi, I'm going to warm it up a little bit. How can I assist you today? As a side note, this is running under max and super. So, I've upgraded this to the super software. And that means the power mode is not 15 watts, not 25 watts, but the max and super I still think it's 25 watts. They just call it differently. I don't know why. It's at the highest level of power. So, we've got 15.38 tokens. Write a JS function. Boom. Here's an example of a JavaScript function. U 18.28 tokens per second. That's pretty good. That's usable. And it's coming from such a tiny little device. So these days I'm constantly flipping between models. GPT4 row for notes and email. Claude for code refactors, Flux for image generation, cling for video, four tabs, four bills, and counting. Enter chat LLM teams. There's one dashboard that houses every top LLM and route LLM picks the right one for you for a given task. 04 Mini High for fast answers, Claw Sonnet 3.7 for coding, Gemini 2.5 Pro for big context, and even adds GPT 4.1 before Chad GPT has it. Chat with PDFs and PowerPoints, then generate decks and docs and do deep research all in the same chat. Need human sounding copy? The humanized toggle rewrites text to beat AI detectors. Spin up agents and run code with AI engineer. I built my first bot in just minutes. Track artifacts, create GitHub poll requests, and debug from the same interface. Need visuals? No problem. Use Flux or ideoggram and Recraft for images, Cling, Luma, and Runway for video, all builtin. And the kicker is just $10 a month, less than one premium model. Head over to chatlm.abacus.ai or click the link in the description and level up with Chat LLM Teams. Now, I'm in the Mac MIDI and I'm going to pop open my terminal. Make that a little bit bigger. and Olama. And we do have that model, that same model. Olama run llama 3.2 3B and verbose. Hi. All right, here we go. 46.78 tokens per second. Write a JS function. Boom. Here's a function. It's quite a bit faster. I think it actually has the same output as the previous one. 41.65 tokens per second. So quite a bit faster. more than two times faster than the Jetson Nano, but it's also about two times the price. It also has two times the RAM, so you could potentially run larger models on it. Here we go. Olama run llama 3.2 3 billion verbose on the Geek machine. Hi. That's that's actually pretty good. 25.16 write a JS function. So, this machine is in the middle price-wise and it's in the middle of 21.64. It's a little bit lower this time, but you know, you have your Jetson Nano, which is the benefit of that is that you have CUDA. You have the availability to write code as you would for a larger Nvidia GPU. You're going to basically use those same libraries that are commonly available and the availability of code that's for Nvidia is very important, but the other ones are catching up. For example, MLX format on the Apple silicon ecosystem is actually catching up and and in some instances it performs even better than the GGUF type of models. I go into this in more detail in other videos. Here I just wanted to do a quick performance comparison between these types of systems. Now, what's interesting here is the power usage, too. So, on the maximum, the Jetson Nano use 24.8 watts, very close to the Mac Mini, 27.2 2 and 81 watts for the GCOM x86 system. The two ARMbased machines are definitely leading the way in efficiency as opposed to x86, but we all know that already. So, if we were to do a quick analysis of that, the Mac Mini is definitely by far the most efficient in terms of performance per watt and performance per dollar. The Jetson or Nano Super is more power efficient than the GCOM A6, but doesn't perform as well as the Mac Mini. However, as I mentioned before, the libraries that you're going to have available for an Nvidia system is going to be a lot more doors are going to be open to you and you can develop stuff on a small scale and then scale it up later. And the Geekcom A6, a nice little mini PC, powerful, just probably not for AI use. It's a good little dev machine, and I have a separate video on that one. It's the least power efficient choice, but we know it's based on an x86 platform. So, there you go. You got more compatibility across all the Windows applications. You can install Linux on that as well, but you lose out on the efficiency and the performance in terms of LLM. So, there you go. Hopefully, this was helpful to the members and to all of you as well. Thanks for watching. If you want to check out my other tests on other systems for LLM inference, check out this video and this video next. Thanks for watching. I'll see you next time. [Applause] [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @AZisk [2 likes]: Check out ChatLLM: https://chatllm.abacus.ai/ltf
  2. @XSCHEEK [2 likes]: epik:_javascript:
  3. @rohittiwari5948 [2 likes]: change the ui of jetson orin nano from gnome and u can save 1gb extra ram + increased inference speed.
  4. @JamesMeadlock [1 likes]: I love your content; thank you!
  5. @ys621 [1 likes]: Very helpful, thank you. You basically perfectly hit the questions I had.
  6. @prodbykaioken [1 likes]: im confused about why your comparing a jetson nano to a mac mini and not a jetson agx
  7. @rosariodagosto6484 [1 likes]: Mate    you  should  get   a  real  Job
  8. @willofdeath: As a anti maccer I am increasingly frustrated that the mac is just the best hardware by far for the price point. My work laptop (16gb ram m3 pro) is better than my 4 year old Gaming Laptop for general AI uses - my wifes laptop (m2 8gb macbook) runs on a par without the jet engine. A cheap mac mini with a 1tb usb for storage can have 24/32 gb ram. crazy.
  9. @DESERT_CAT: How about upload llm with cuda optimisation
  10. @reynolds_live6949: Question is would it work for the Nano work for a headless AI model over say a Pi 5?
  11. @charleslord2433: Did you set a 16Gb swap file on the Nano?
  12. @Karlfoo5773: as many other commenters have been asking

Can you state which exact Mac Mini model this is?

I'm mostly interested to know what Chip you're using...

Thanks!
  13. @Salamonka007: Where does Nano Nx fit in?
  14. @mamozin: With sudo jetson_clocks and  Linux headless you will get 18 tok/s gemma3:4b open webui. 2 instance, 2 parallel users gemma3:2b generated 22 tok/s 😊
  15. @shawnbreau: nice content.  I came across your channel when investigating the Jetson.  A quick question for you.  Do you think its possible to run the jetson on battery power if i installed a power management module?
  16. @There_Is_No_War_In_Ba_Sing_Se: Cant play gsmes on mac
  17. @Photologistic: PC guys always use the cheapest, currently out of date Mac, against the bleeding edge PeeCee trash.  That way, they aren’t quite as EMBARRASSED.  I get that the vnidia is cheap, but it is NOT a complete computer.  You think the mini m4 skunked all the PCs?  Of course it did, but please keep ignoring the M5, you cannot handle the comparison.
  18. @cristianv3876: A mac mini m4? For 249 usd? Or is another model?
  19. @GarmrNL: Hi Alex, I found your channel by accident and want to thank you for all the great video’s you’ve made! I ordered the Jetson nano super for a project I’m doing (a conversational robot/pet). The board is small, will run on a battery and should perform well enough for my case :-)
  20. @tld8102: sorry what!? 2.2W at idle!??

- Why is everyone buying Mac Minis for OpenClaw?: Kind: captions Language: en Why is everyone buying a Mac Mini for Clawbot, otherwise known as Maltbot? In order to understand why people are buying Mac minis for this new AI tool, I had to try it out for myself. So, I decided to buy a Mac Mini. Just kidding. I already have one, which I'm currently using to run my business with pre-built anything automations. So, naturally, I installed Maltbot, which is easy, but not so easy. I ran into some challenges and bugs along the way, but then I just decided to ask Cursa to install all of it for me technology. So I ran this config file, went through the onboarding, use Claude Sonnet 4.5 as my default model and then hooked it up to Telegram. [music] So at first glance, I had my first chat. I gave it some information about me and it was pretty straightforward. Nothing too special compared to your traditional chatbot like Jet GPT, Gemini, and god forbid Copilot if you're using it. I gave it some of my personal goals and information about my business. So I told it who I am. My name is Riches Ganji and I want [music] to automate as many businesses as possible. That is my mission and I want to save people money, time and effort. So that's where things started to change. I gave it access to the browser and [music] all of my Google services. Yeah, the command line. And in my browser, I gave it access to my passwords, access to almost everything. Now check this out. I gave it access to my web page to review along with my ICP or ideal client profile document that it had to fetch from my Google Drive. From that, it gave me a full list of improvements. It literally obliterated my site and gave me constructive criticism saying, you know, you built a very nice website. However, it does not speak to your ICP at all. You're just talking about hitting golf balls in Dubai and your business owners and founders. Well, that's very nice and all. They're not looking for lifestyle changes. They're looking for improvements in their business. And [music] I'm like, "Wow, this is a revelation for me." Look, I admit any AI could have done this for me. But having it seamlessly connect to my Google Drive and all of these other services and browse the web autonomously was for me truly amazing. This is when it clicked. I didn't have to build pre-built NAN automations for this unless if I wanted more deterministic isolated workflows. For example, if you want to build a sales agent, you wouldn't really need to connect it to Malta. So, for that workflow, we have built it in our corporate automation library that scrapes over 10,000 leads in under 10 minutes. So, if you want to grab that workflow, head over to our corporate automation library where we have over thousands of members, 60 plus init workflows should you wish to have more deterministic workflows and also join our WhatsApp group which has over 450 [music] automators. And now with Maltbot, we'll be having skills that you can import into Maltbot and you can download and integrate them straight into your [music] bot. And these are the same skills that I use in my business to automate my workflows. You can have over millions of these documents which your Maltbot can reference and use at any given moment. On that note of being self-improving, I can teach it a skill and it will take the skill and save it to a MD file. You can think of it as a traditional readme file that you can edit. And this makes it super useful because unlike other chatbots where you have to keep reprompting, prompting it for, you know, different sessions, you can just have one session and it knows just about everything about you. It's similar to a Google gem or Chat GBT project, but it also has access to all of these different skills. You can visualize it as a robot that's sitting at your desk and able to control parts of [music] your desktop as well and not only have access to your knowledge base. as you improve it, it will decide how to integrate with all of these other services. Now, that's just scratching the surface. Some of the skills that I've given it include how to write a viral post. Now, that's a skill I've literally programmed into it. I've also given it access to my Apple reminders [music] and notes. Now, you don't have to give it access to any of these. You can just give it to access to what you want to automate or what you need as part of your workflow. But for me, because I've been testing all these different services, I can't make up my mind on which ones I want to use. So, I just give it access to everything. But for example, there are some things that I like to be synchronized. So, what's nice is that whether or not you have an API, you can synchronize data from one platform to another. So, either data via browser or an API. And now that's where the magic happens because I gave it access to my prospect list which lives on my No DB which is also hosted locally on my Mac Mini. Now you can think of DB as a free open- source version of air table and I also have plane which is a project management tool. It's also open source and replaces clickup in a sauna or even trell. Now what's really cool about those things is that it searches my Gmail, checks my calendar and also updates and synchronizes my day. Basically optimizing what I've been working on. So I even told it to sync up my Google task automatically to make sure that I don't waste time updating each place manually. I can tell it, okay, this is what I'm working on. And it'll update my prospect database, my project management tabs, and also check all of my meetings. It can draw conclusions from my prospect list that I've worked on. And based on what they've emailed me versus what else I have to do for them, which is pretty amazing. And once I've set it up, it will automatically update the progress and status of each prospect in the database as well as on my other platforms. It helps me manage all of these prospects across all of these tools, keeping track of different prospects in my database versus the active projects that I'm working on or the deals that I'm trying to close [music] and then updates them in Google tasks so I can focus on only those specific tasks for the day. So, here's the thing. You can't do this with any [music] other chatbot, not that I know of. maybe of clawed cowork which might have this but with mult you can also set chron jobs or schedules for certain automations that you [music] want and it will proactively message you like a real life virtual assistant you can do [music] the same for any other software so instead of paying for notion AI I think it's about $8 per month maybe even more you can get Malpath to manage and read from its knowledge base I would also get it to synchronize a redundant source of my prospects to notion so if anything happened to my Mac Mini I would have all my prospects saved there in notion So, do you need a Mac Mini to run Moldbot? Well, the simple answer is no. You can run it on anything, even a Raspberry Pi or even rent a VPS and host it there. But here's something you have to be aware of. If you host it on a VPS, just know that your Mult will be publicly available. There's no login details for it, no security measures, nothing. And that's why I like to host it locally. So, if anything bad happens, I can [music] just pull out the cord and boom, it's offline. So, is it worth it for you to try out? I would give it a definite hell yeah. From what I've seen from a lot of influencers out there, they all highly recommend it except for one person, Nikki Sar, who I do look up to and however I do disagree with what he is saying. Sure, it's a security risk. You can manage your security risks. It's more than just a simple chatbot. You can do so much more once you have set it up to [music] your business needs. And as the community grows, I think it's definitely going to evolve past n. great for pulling in certain automations, whereas small parts will be more versatile for all round automations. And you can even connect your Mac Mini to a microphone and speak with it. And because the Mac Mini has a built-in speaker, you can have a full conversation in close [music] to real time. I'm still yet to set it up, but all you need is a text to speech skill with 11 Labs, and that will be really cool. I'm definitely going to cover a lot more on Moldot. [music] If you want to cover some use cases, definitely comment mold down below. I'll be building a list of skills and installation guides for Mulbot if you want to get these. So, comment moldbot or clawbot if you want to and I'll send the automations to you. And if you want to find out how I bold my skills, then check this video right up

  Top Comments:
  1. @winxcy4123 [5 likes]: tf 121k subscribers and 440 views
  2. @김세창-c4f [1 likes]: 근데 gpt나 제미나이 api를 써야하는데 그 비용이 만만치 않던데 어떻게 해결해?
  3. @Augmented_AI [1 likes]: I know I say Moltbot at the time of this recording. It is now OpenClaw
  4. @Augmented_AI: Gain access to our Skool community here - https://www.skool.com/augmented-ai-automations-1536/about
  5. @ratatui900: I don't, do you?

- M4 Mac Mini review. Complete waste of money. Just buy an iPad…: Kind: captions Language: en So, I just bought this M4 Mac mini about a month ago and I can't believe how useless it actually is, at least to me. And I'm actually really disappointed to say that because I was really excited about getting this Mac mini. I thought it was going to really improve my workflows and I was going to get access to great new softwares that were going to be really helpful. No. And it's not to say that it's a poorly made device. It's actually beautiful. It's really well designed. It's stupid fast for a computer. It boots up in like under 5 seconds. I've never seen a computer boot up that fast. In the old days, you could turn your computer on and go brew a pot of coffee, come back and the computer still wouldn't be ready. But, despite this being a really well-made computer, I just never use it. In fact, no one in the house does. Nobody has any use for this thing in my house. Hey everyone, Tech Daddy here and if you've seen my content before, you know that I've been an iPad Pro user exclusively for the last 18 months or so. I've used my iPad Pro for all my computing needs and about a month ago, I was getting a little frustrated cuz there were just a couple of things that my iPad didn't do really well and I thought by bringing this into my ecosystem that it would just be leaps and bounds better. And I thought this Mac mini would help bridge the gaps, but honestly, it's kind of just turned out to be a big paperweight. And unfortunately, that means it was a huge waste of money for me. But, I would also argue that for about 95% of people out there that use any computing device at all, this is a massive waste of money. There might be a small population out there where this Mac mini is valuable to their workflow and makes a lot of sense, but I'm telling you, not for most folks. So, in this video, I want to break down three solid reasons why this Mac mini just isn't for me, why it was a big waste of money and why it really, for a lot of people, is just not worth it and that your money would be way better spent if you just bought an iPad because after this little experiment, I am even more thoroughly convinced that an iPad is a much better device for most people over a Mac. So, let's get into it. So, reason number one thing is no good, it is not portable. Oh come on, Tech Daddy, you couldn't figure that out before you bought it. Yeah, I know, but I really thought that I would use it a lot more even though it's tied to a desk. But, in today's society, we just don't work like that. You know, in 2005, this would have been an amazing machine, but it's 2025 and nobody sits at a desk all day and night, which leads me to the fact that this Mac mini is actually the least most popular version of all the Mac models. So, the Mac mini sales make up less than 1% of all Mac sales combined. The biggest bulk of Mac sales come from MacBook Pros and MacBook Airs. What a surprise because they're portable. They can serve as a desktop computer if you need them to, but they also go everywhere you need them to go. Desktop Macs are more of a small niche thing and most people just don't invest in a desktop computer anymore. After buying this, I realized I'm not at my desk most of the time. I don't want to work at my desk most of the time. What if I want my device on the couch? What if I want my device in bed? What if I want it at the coffee shop? Or at the airport? That makes this device a non-starter in most cases. And no one in my family wants to use this thing. When I first got this, I'm like, "Oh, the kids will love using the Mac mini." They don't want to use a Mac mini. They use their phones for everything. So does my wife. And at school, my kids use iPads. And when my wife wants to do something that her phone can't handle, she uses an iPad. We just live in a mobile society now and this device is just making less and less sense. All right, reason number two, the Mac mini and really the Mac in general is for niche software use cases. So, I know you're going to think I'm crazy, but this Mac offered me no improvements on productivity and I really thought that it would. Well, no way, Tech Daddy, Microsoft Office is way better on a Mac. No, it isn't. It's the same thing and I've put out so much content on how Microsoft Office is extremely usable on the iPad, just looks a little different. There are like a couple of features missing from the apps, but I got nothing from using Microsoft Office on this Mac. I can do everything just as well on my iPad Pro, no problem. And that's not just Microsoft Office, that's Outlook and Teams and Zoom and all the other applications that we need to use in our office work. Now, what's crazy is one of the main reasons I bought this Mac is so that I could get access to a desktop browser and that's actually not for work, that was for play. So, there were a couple web applications, particularly in the D&D Beyond website. Well, it turns out on the iPad that Safari actually doesn't load those D&D Beyond web apps very well, but Microsoft Edge just made an update to their browser on the iPad. Yep, Microsoft Edge. And now it runs that D&D Beyond app beautifully in the browser on my iPad. So, that makes this thing kind of pointless now. And I used to write up my dungeons in this web application where a desktop browser is really nice. Well, I kind of just gave up on that and started using Freeform on the iPad. It's just as good. I just get to draw it by hand. So, I spent almost $800 on this little silver hockey puck for a desktop browser and I really didn't need it. You can definitely find workarounds on the iPad or you just wait for an update and the browser will probably work right. Well, come on, Tech Daddy, what about Final Cut Pro on the Mac? That's got to be better than iPad. Actually, I'm shocked that it isn't. So, here's the deal with the iPad Pro. The iPad Pro version of Final Cut actually offers this thing called multi-cam recording and so I use iPhones to do all my recordings and this is actually an amazing setup, but only Final Cut for iPad offers it. Final Cut on the Mac doesn't have it, which is real dumb. So, using Final Cut Camera on my iPhones, I can just beam all the footage directly into Final Cut for iPad. I don't have to use external hard drives or thumb drives to move around footage. It just wirelessly beams to my iPad while I'm recording. It's absolutely amazing. And you can collect multiple shots this way and sync all your audio up. It's just a really nice setup for a one-man studio. Well, Final Cut for Mac just doesn't have it. So, that's a non-starter for me as well. All right, the really big reason that I would recommend that you buy an iPad over a Mac mini or a Mac in general is because of iPadOS 26 upgrades versus macOS Tahoe upgrades. So, I thought it would be really exciting to talk about macOS on this channel. Uh, there's really nothing new or exciting. They put liquid glass on macOS. Spotlight is better. I mean, that's pretty much it. Nothing new or fancy came to this guy this year. However, iPad took huge leaps and has way better productivity, way better file management, multitasking, the new menu bar. I mean, they're really taking major strides with the iPad and it's making me wonder if Apple is flirting with maybe getting rid of this device altogether one day. Basically, bringing the good things about this operating system over to the iPad and just putting this guy to bed. And I totally believe Apple could do that. If they just offered pro-level apps on the iPad, made things available like plugins and just gave the iPad a little bit more traditional computer functionality, I think the Mac would be in really big trouble and probably be discontinued. Cuz right now, the iPad just offers way more because in addition to computer-like functionality and connecting to a secondary display and having all this multitasking ability, you also have the tablet functionality. So, you have an amazing form factor that's extremely mobile, can take it anywhere and you can write on it, which I really love and you absolutely can't do on a Mac. So, now you're getting all kinds of functionality in an iPad that the Mac can't do plus Mac-like functionality. I don't know, this cost me over $700. I would definitely recommend an iPad Air over buying this thing any day. I've got other content on what you can do with your iPad and how you can be productive with it and really use it to its fullest. You can check out my channel for all that. But yeah, that's my rundown. I would not recommend this device and if I don't see myself using this over the next two or three months a whole lot, I'm probably going to sell it. The only good thing I can say about it is that it updated the firmware on my Apple Studio display. Yay! All right, if you have any questions about my experience with this Mac mini, please leave a comment below. I'd love to hear from you. That's all I got for you. If you like this sort of content, please like and subscribe and we'll see you next time.

  Top Comments:
  1. @starscream2 [1 likes]: Thought this video was published on April 1st.
  2. @NoobGaming-hp8bm [1 likes]: YEAH! It's totally useless. GIVE IT TO ME!
  3. @BurninSven1 [1 likes]: It´s just a computer what did you expect. Pro user yes sure man a big thumbs down
  4. @unixguy-t5v [1 likes]: I trade equity vol, exotics and swaps for a fund. We’re a mac shop on the frontend and it’s critical for vertical market applications but what about music streaming to say, active monitors? Cumbersome to connect a DAC and speakers to an iPad. Streaming content on an OLED monitor with decent sound? TV and soundbars are so 2011.
  5. @joshboatwright6600: Disregarded the negative comments to make my own assessment, but you really bought a desktop just to advertise the ipad 😂 mac mini's arent designed for video game nerds and dungeons and dragons buddy. Its a compact powerhouse, mainly aimed at people who do stuff like graphic design and audio production. This review just kept getting dumber.
  6. @diamond_s: I want a device without built in battery, as lithium batteries break down quick.  Also want secure os and access to the apple software development environment.  For these reasons I think the mac mini sounds good.
  7. @towjam2359: This video has not aged well.
  8. @Cutty-g4w: Have the M4 mini and I use it as a plex server. A very capable machine. I also have a MB Pro and M4 IPad and I use all three. This is just rage bait to run up YouTube numbers.😊
  9. @iqwebserve3973: My base M2 8GB mini runs two 32" screens well every day.  I enjoy it.
  10. @t.samachree6554: Kindly send it to me. I need it for my video editing. Thanks
  11. @Jaxdoesstuf: This guy just doesn't get it in the most adorable ways...
  12. @gmanglenn1: You are wrong dude?
  13. @yahman2311: Still has advantages, not totally useless because it's not portable.   You can connect to your tv or view things on a large screen.  Ipad is limited to a small screen.   You can also make it more portable if you are a diy person.  Wirelessly  connect it to a touch screen.  This will allow you to leave the box on a desk, and move around the house with only a screen.   They have portable touchscreen that could run on powerbanks, you can pair  this type of screen with a Wireless hdmi adapter and you get yourself something equivalent to an ipad.
  14. @jesusalejandrohernandez871: Send me the device! I could keep it!
  15. @khaleel_as: Man, my pickup truck is so useless and waste of money. Therefore, I sold it and bought a bicycle and here is why:
#1: I cant drive.
  16. @MyronJones-g9k: I’m embarrassed that I watched this video beyond the first minute. This guy hasn’t a clue.
  17. @sweetpea22000: You do not work with large spreadsheets or multiple programs at once.  I generally have four programs open across two large monitor.
  18. @Wh4t3v_r: Fast forward to now… hottest selling computer in the game
  19. @paopaniq: You bought something before thinking about how you‘re going to use it and then you‘re complaining about it? Get a life karen
  20. @kannonkhan666: Moron 😂😂😂

- I built an AI supercomputer with 5 Mac Studios: Kind: captions Language: en 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 Max studios. I'm connecting them together and forming a super powerful AI cluster. Why? I want to run the biggest and baddest AI models I can find. We're throwing everything at it and my goal is to run the biggest of them all. The llama 3.1405 B model. This thing is scary. It's normally run by super powerful AI clusters in the cloud with servers that cost more than our houses, but we're going to try it now with five Mac Studios. Can we do it? I don't know, but we're going to try get you coffee ready? Let's go and thank you to nor VPN for sponsoring this video and making it possible. Yes, they are paying me to play with AI and show you cool stuff. It's kind of awesome. We'll talk more about them later. Now lemme get this out there. I did not just buy five Mac Studios to use it for an AI cluster. I mean it's not beyond me. I would do that, but here at Network Chuck Studios, we're switching from PC to Mac for our video editing pipeline. Comment below if you think that's a good idea. I'm sure we all agree, but when these beautiful, powerful machines arrived, I'm like, you know what? I can't give it to these guys yet. I want to play with them first. And I just found this software called XO Labs. It's new, it's beta, but they're all about AI clustering. Check this out. You can take any type of computer hardware. I'm talking a raspberry pie, a spare laptop, a super powerful gaming PC with a 40 90, and you can connect them together and just have them run AI models. They share the resources. It's actually kind of easy to do. I'm going to show you how to do it in this video, but first I got to open up all these Mac studios and honestly, this was probably my favorite part of the video. I don't know what it is. There's something about opening new tech, unboxing new hardware that just makes you feel joy and it's anything, a network switch, a router. It just makes me happy. Are you the same way? Anyways, I unbox them. They're beautiful. I did smell them one time. They smelled amazing. But before we get crazy, I first want to talk about AI clusters. Why do this now? I already have a dedicated AI server. His name is Terry. I built him in this video here and he's awesome. He enables me to run local AI models here in my studio, meaning I don't talk to the cloud and rely on scary giant companies like Open AI to run things like chat, GPT. Everything's local. They don't get my data. But the reason I had to build Terry who's rocking 2 40 90 GPUs is because running AI models, it's resource intensive sometimes because right now your computer, the one you're watching me on, can probably run an AI model in moments. You could download O lama, run LAMA 3.21 B, and it works really well. You can talk to it like Chad GPT, but it's not going to feel like chat GPT, it's not as smart. And you'll notice that really quickly. The difference is kind of crazy. To get the quality of chat GPT, you'll have to use a bigger, more sophisticated local model and this is where your laptop isn't going to cut it. And when I say larger, I'm mainly talking about a thing called parameters. So I mentioned LAMA 3.21 B. Let's break that down. This is a relatively small model and that one B stands for 1 billion, 1 billion parameters. When you think about a parameter in the context of ai, each one represents learned knowledge. Each of these parameters is a numerical value or weight in a neural network. And they help the model make predictions and then that's what a model's doing. When you're talking to it, it predicts what the response should be. Based on what you're saying, you can actually think of a parameter as learned knowledge and the more parameters the model has, the more patterns, relationships and nuances. It can learn from data or essentially the more parameters it has, the smarter it is. Now a 1 billion parameter model like LAMA 3.2, it's good for simple tasks. You can talk to it. It does basic sentence completion. It can summarize stuff and you can run it on things like CPU. GPU is going to be better, but it has weaker reasoning and factual accuracy. I'm kind of using llama 3.2 as our baseline. We could go lower. They have lower parameter models that get dumber, but they have their use cases and if you want to run it on a raspberry pie, you'll have better performance. I think there's one called Tiny Llama. Lemme go find it actually. And that is the Tiny Llama. It's pretty cute. Now check this out. Tiny Llama is actually a 1.1 billion parameter model, but because of quantization, we'll talk more about that later. You can run it with less resources. 638 megabytes of vra vra, what is that? That's video ram. So this is not your typical memory or RAM on your computer. This is memory that your GPU has. And yes, when we're talking about running local ai, GPU is the name of the game. If you have one, your life will be better. It doesn't mean you can't run LLMs like Tiny Llama on A CPU. You can, but the inference or having the conversation will be slower. Now of course we can go up. So with LAMA 3.2 as our baseline, I'll give you some recommended vra, like what kind of GPU you might need for each Model LAMA 3.21 billion parameters. It's recommended you have four gigabytes of vra. Again, you can use CPU, it'll be slow LAMA 3.2, three B, 3 billion parameters. You'll need six gigabytes of vra, so think a 2060 GPU Lama, 3.18 B 8 billion parameters, 10 gigabytes of V ramm. That's going to be a 30 85 4 from Microsoft, 14 billion parameters. You'll need 16 gigabytes of V ram. That's going to be a 30 90. And then here's my favorite local AI model. Right now, the LAMA 3.3 70 B 70 billion parameters for this. There is not a consumer GPU that can do it right now. You'll need 48 gigabytes of vra. For me to run that I have to use two 40 nineties. And then let's get crazy. If we go one more up, we've got the llama 3.1, 4 0 5 B 405 billion parameters. Now real quick, one thing you might be wondering, you saw me jump from llama 3.2 then to LAMA 3.1, then to 3.3 and then to 3.1. Again, what's happening? Those are the different generations of models trained on newer data and having a few new features. But just because LAMA 3.21 B is newer, it doesn't mean it's more intelligent or has better reasoning than LAMA 3.18 B. Anyways, getting back to the 4 0 5 B to run this sucker, they recommend one terabyte of vra. That's unreal. That's going to be an AI cluster and it's not regular GPUs you're going to be using. You'll be using NVIDIA's H one hundreds or a one hundreds and this is what I'm aiming for with my cluster. Think about the best GPU on the market right now. A 40 90, it has 24 gigabytes of vra. I would need 42 40 nineties to run that. Now just so you know, for those of you who might know a thing or two about running LLMs, these numbers probably look a little off and that's because a lot of these already have quantization built into our metrics. What is that? Quantization could be its own video. We're not going to do that right now. Just know what makes big models fit on smaller GPUs. Now, it doesn't come without a cost. They do have to reduce some precision to get that to fit on a smaller GPU, but they do it in a way to try and maintain accuracy. You'll know a model is quantized, is that how you say it? Quantized? Yeah. That's what you do when you see certain notations. So for example, FP 32, that's full precision, no alterations FP 16 half. Now when I say half precision, it doesn't mean it's like half is bad. We're talking a zero to 2% loss in precision. But then we get into integer based quantization, and this is where it's fun for us because we can run stuff on our GPUs, our consumer GPUs. The first big one is ENT eight. This will make the model four times smaller with about a one to 3% loss in precision. Now I say that with a giant asterisk. It depends. It depends on how they ize that model. There are different ways you can do that and those different methods change how they try to reduce the loss. Again, that's a whole other video, but just know as we go down to N four, which is as low as you really want to go. This is eight times smaller than the full FP 32 model, but the loss is pretty big, 10 to 30%. And you'll probably notice the degradation for complex task like coding or logical reasoning or creative text go any lower and it loses its mind. We're talking ARCA asylum. So many of these models over here are actually using N to eight to make themselves smaller so they can fit on consumer level GPUs. And four is what I'm going to try and use with LAMA 3.1, 4 0 5 B. Now I'm not going to ize it myself. Someone's already done that for me. I'm just going to try and run it. But even with that quantization, it's a tall order. So how do I expect five max studios to run this model when it would take 42 40 nineties to do this? Well, the new M series max have a trick up their sleeve. It's a thing called unified memory or unified memory architecture. So in most systems you have your system memory and you have your V ram, your GPU memory. The new Macs don't do that. They have one pool of memory for everything and that unlocks something pretty cool because you can get a Mac. For example. In my Mac studios, each one of these has 64 gigabytes of ram that's shared RAM that can be used for the GPU. So in my mind I'm thinking 64 times five. What does that give me? 320 gigabytes of RAM that can be used for the GPU. And it's not just the amount of ram but it's the transfer. In a typical system, you've got the system memory that has to transfer data between itself and the GPU memory. With unified memory, there's no transfer. It's just all using that memory. One of these max studios is $2,600 and that's for the entire computer. 1 40 90, just one piece of your gaming PC will cost you 1600 bucks and I get way more RAM to use from my GPU with the Mac. Not to mention it's extremely power efficient. It's ridiculous. The power consumption on a 40 90 versus a Mac studio you're about to see, but it's not apples to apples, it's apple to pc. What I mean is that if you put a 40 90 gaming PC head to head with a Mac studio, the PC is going to win every time Nvidia GPU like the 40 90 have dedicated tensor cores. They're optimized for cuda. What does all that mean? Well, those are the things that AI models have been optimized for a long time. SER Max have not been thought of as AI machines up until now. It's just been Nvidia. So whenever someone makes a new model, they're making that model to run on Nvidia GPUs, you're going to have a better time. Now, apple does have something called MLX or Machine Learning Acceleration, and I'll actually be using that with XO labs, but Kuda still wins out because of support. Okay, here we go. We're about to test. We have our five max studios, which by the way, here are the specs. They're M two Ultras, 64 gigabytes each of Ram Unified ram. Now the first big thing we have to figure out is how do we connect these Macs together? They're going to be clustered, which means they're going to be talking a lot and that's a lot of bandwidth for our scenario. I went with the built-in 10 gigabit ethernet connection. So over here I have a unified XG six POE 10 gig switch connecting these five Macs together. This however, will be our biggest bottleneck, not ideal. Now, 10 gig sounds like a lot, but with AI networking, they normally have extremely high speed connections. I'm talking 400 gigabits per second. In fact, last year I did a video on AI networking working with Juniper, and they were about to come out with 800 gigabit per second connections, which I'm pretty sure is out. So my 10 versus their 800. And it's not just that AI networking and we're talking enterprise AI networking. They eliminate a ton of the networking overhead that you might see with ethernet and T-C-P-I-P. In many situations we're doing GPU to GPU access, skipping a lot of the OS overhead, but for us, we've got our MAX studios and they have to go through the entire TCP IP stack. Now, the reason this matters so much is that our Macs, when I install the EXO software, it will actually take whatever model we're going to use. So let's say for example, llama 3.28 B, it won't download the entire model on each individual Mac. It'll actually split up the download. And when we're running our AI model, each Mac will be running part of the job. But like any good team that depends on efficient communication, they're going to be talking a lot back and forth, extremely large amounts of data. In fact, I'm going to try and see that as we're testing it, we're going to be tracking the amount of power we're using and bandwidth. Now, there is a way with my Mac studios to get more bandwidth, and that's with Thunderbolt. Alex Ziskin, I think it's how you say his name, another YouTuber I just started watching. He did this with a bunch of M four Mac minis. Thunderbolt is powerful because you get direct PCIE access and bandwidth up to 40 gigabits per second. Ideally, the only problem is when you get to where you want to cluster together, five, you only have so many connections and you can't daisy chain all of them. Now, the way you can solve this is by using a thunderbolt hub or bridge, and that's what he did. But you still will have some bottlenecks. By the way, you should watch this video to see how Thunderbolt performs versus ethernet, which we're about to do right now. Hey, network truck from the future here. I actually ended up testing Thunderbolt because I just had to, the 10 gig was such a bottleneck, you'll see. And yeah, that's all I got back to me. But now we're finally at the point to install xo. I'll have a link to the project below and I will demo how to install XO on a Mac for Linux. They do have documentation, but the install is pretty much the same. Really, I think the Mac is the harder version. A couple of things you want to make sure you have Python three point 12 installed. I'll go and do that right now. I like to use PI ENV to manage my Python versions. And then with PI ENV, I can install Python three point 12 and I'll do this on all Macs. And by the way, let's get home assistant up. I'm actually using a smart plug to measure the amount of power I'm drawing with all five Macs. So right now at a kind a baseline, we're pulling 46 watts and that's for all five Maxs. Isn't that crazy? Alright, Python 12 installed. I'll set it is my global PI EMV global three point 12. And I'll just verify real quick with python dash dash version. Oh, I probably need to refresh my terminal. I'll do a source ESH rrc, try it once more. Perfect. The first thing I'll do is install MLX machine learning acceleration for M1 max. I'll do that with PIP install MLX. Keeping in mind, this is very specific to MAC deployments. Notice it is very quick. And by the way, if you find that you don't have PIP installed, you can get PIP in all the things you need installed with the X code dash select dash install command. Okay, MLX installed on all my Macs. Now time to install xo. This will be the easiest part. Just going to grab a gate clone command to clone their repo. I'll do that on every one of my Macs here. Jump into that XO directory and then we'll use the command PIP install dash e dot and take a little coffee break. Now while it's doing that, a couple of cool things you'll want to know about xo. First, you're about to see this when we run xo, the max will just discover each other through magic, I mean through networking stuff, right? But they will automatically discover each other and recognize that they're on a cluster. XO will also launch a GUI for us, a web interface so that we can look at it, play with it, and test some LLMs. Speaking of LLMs, they also have a chat GBT compatible or open AI compatible API, which means that if you actually want to use xo, even though it is still in beta, still fairly new, you can integrate this into anything that also uses the open AI API, which is many tools I use. In fact, I just reached out to Daniel Mesler, the guy who runs the fabric project. I use fabric every day and I'm like, Hey, can you add XO labs to this? He's like, yes, I'm on it. Actually, by the time you watch this video, it's probably already there. Alright, it looks like our installation is complete. Now this is very max specific. If I ls the directory, I'm currently in the XO directory. You'll see I have a script called configure ml x sh running that will tune up your max a bit to run xo. So I'll run that on each Mac. I might want to put pseudo in front of that so you don't have to put your password in either way. Notice it did some things, honestly, I have no idea what that's doing. And now we're at the point where we can just run xo. So I'll run it on the first one here. Xo, xo, xo, xo. And then there's one behind it. There we have five. I can't get to the other terminal. Where yet, buddy? Oh, there he is. Xo, are you seeing this? So immediately XO discovered that there are five nodes in its cluster. Just auto discover. Actually I'm going to stop them real quick. So I want you to see how it rates each machine. So I'll just run one instance of XO right here, a cluster of one. Alright, so notice here we got 26.98 tariff flops. We're closer to the GPU pore side than the GPU Rich. I'll show my 40 90 performance right here. I'm normally right around here, but when I start running the rest of the cluster here, it'll discover the other nodes. And now when I operate one more, we'll see it. Discover two nodes even shows the connection down here and it increases or doubles my tariff flops. Now I'm going to only operate one right now and let's test an LLM just to get our base performance for one Mac. Alright, we're down to one cluster. Now when you want to access your gui, it'll be port 5 2 4 1 5 and this is for 10 72 and 1 6 9. So I'll launch my browser here and there we go. Notice on the left here we can select our model. It won't download it just by selecting it. It's like if I click on seven db it want to do seven db, but I'll click on one B and when I start typing, it'll try and download it. So I'll just say, Hey, how are you doing? Downloading it now and cool, it's working now. And then notice right here we have our performance. It's documenting for us. And what you want to focus on is the tokens per second. Let's say, tell me a scary story about computers. So averaging about 117 tokens per second just by itself, given that this is a small model and one of these Mac studios can run that, no problem, no sweat. Now what I want to test now is the network bottleneck. If I introduce the other four Mac into a cluster and we divide up the jobs, what will happen? What will it look like? Let's do that now. So I'm actually going to delete the model here and go add my other Macs. That's what I'm, watch 'em come up here. We got two, three. Clustering together is so easy. Four and five notes. Let's test it out. Now I'll go ahead and start talking to it to download the model. It's downloading. It looks like the entire model on each one. So maybe I was wrong about that or maybe there's a bug, I don't know. But either way, we can see our clusters working because it's obviously downloading on every one. Let's try and do that same prompt as before, telling me a scary story about computers. So wow, the bandwidth limitations are massive 29 tokens per second versus the 117 we were doing before. So speed is not going to be our friend here. I expected that. What I'm more excited about is the amount of RAM we have and being able to run bigger models. Hey, guess what time it is? Coffee break time. During this break, I want to tell you about my sponsor nor VPN. Now hold on, before you click that little fast forward button, just know they make videos like this possible. So please show them some love because I want to tell you three ways I use A VPN right now. Number one, I use it to give me a bit of anonymity. When you're accessing a website, many websites will use your public IP address to identify who you are. They'll use different tracking techniques. Essentially when you're stepping around on the internet, you're leaving a footprint and they're tracking that. So I'll use North PN to hide me and also kind of tricking websites to think I'm someone else. It's a great tool for IT people to quickly change who you are, your identity online. Number two, watch a ton of movies. Did you know that Japan, Netflix looks different from American Netflix, same goes for UK and other regions, but if you're using nor VPN, you can quickly put yourself in the uk in Japan, and suddenly Netflix thinks you're in Japan and they show you Netflix, Japan. Now, you may have heard this before, but then my producer Alex did something insane. He uses this app called Letterbox. In fact, Alex throw it up right here. But one thing it will show you is when you're looking up a movie, it'll you where you can watch that movie on all the streaming services. But he added all the streaming services for every single country. So now when he wants to watch a movie, he can watch that movie before he would just simply rent it when it wasn't available in the us. Now he just turns on VPN changes his location, boom. And yeah, you can run more VPN on things like an Apple tv. And number three, I'll use A VPN to protect myself and my family when we're away from the house when we're using our devices. And yes, that does include connecting to weird wifi networks. Not many VPN haters will say you don't need a VPN anymore on the internet because most websites are HTT BS, meaning your connection between yourself and the website server is secure. And that's true for a lot of the internet. That's awesome. But what if you get to a website that does have SSL, but it's not a good website. It doesn't matter if it's encrypted. One way that people do this is a thing called typo squatting typing of your website. So it might be netflix.com instead of Netflix, which in an ideal world would go nowhere. But people buy these websites, bad people and put up a Netflix feeling place. But with nor VPN, they do have things like threat protection probe. They'll tell you when websites you're visiting are bad. Also, they'll protect you from ads. Ads suck except for this one. This one's awesome and you know it, but I put a lot of effort into blocking ads on my home networks and my business networks. But when we're out and about them, ads are looking at us getting hungry, turn on nor VPN, it will block ads. So yes, using a VPN is very much a valid thing to do in 2025. I highly recommend it. I use it all the time. So check off the link below nor vpn.com/network. Check or scan this new fancy QR code. Is the QR code safe? I don't know. Scan it, get nor vpn and then scan it again to see if you are safe. And of course if you use my link, you get a special deal. What are you waiting for? Check this out. Actually it's a New Year's big savings plus four extra months. I'm going to get it three bucks a month. Anyways, thanks to nor VPN for sponsoring this video and making stuff like this possible. Now back to clustering AI stuff. Now let's see what Thunderbolt does. I'm going to go connect my Thunderbolt stuff right now. Alright, Thunderbolt connected. Now how did I connect these hosts? I'll show you a video of it right now. Here's some B-roll. But essentially we're doing kind of a spoken hub situation. We got one Mac connected to all the other Macs, obviously a less than ideal situation because this guy does become a bottleneck, but we're talking about 40 gig get per second networking between these guys at a nice little thunderbolt bridge here. Thunderbolt networking isn't quite as advanced as regular T-C-P-I-P based networking or ethernet. So this is the best I could do without pulling my hair out with advanced configs because I don't want to do that. So I assign static ips to all of them. And XO by default should choose the fastest connection. Let's see if it does. And sure enough, we can see that the bridge zero thunderbolt is monitored. And before we run all of them, I do want to test one host. Well, not one host. We already know how one host performs. Let's test two first. Alright, we got Thunderbolt connection between two hosts should be very, very quick. Let's feed it a prompt and have some fun. Okay, it is slightly faster. I think before with 10 gigabit networking, we're talking about 50 tokens per second. So it's significant. Let's add three. Join the party friend. Yeah, let's do the same prompt. Still it's better than it was before, but notice even with Thunderbolt, we're hitting that now why is Thunderbolt better, more bandwidth? That's obvious, but it also has a more direct access to PCIE. Less overhead, more direct. Let's add the team. Come on in guys. Alright, we got a cluster of five. Let's see how we do. Okay, that's actually not bad. It's like, wait, you just told me and then you're telling me you can't make up your mind. Let's try this one. Okay, so all hosts are being used. Let's try this prompt and watch the networking happen. So bandwidth usage is obviously pretty much the same. We expected that right now. Let's test a bigger model. The LAMA 3.3 70 B. My favorite model actually deep seek R one just came out. I haven't played with that yet, but I'm going to go disconnect the Thunderbolt connections and we'll run 10 gigabit on the first test. Okay, running XO on just one host running the LAMA 3.37 db. I expect it to be pretty good. This is a quantized model four bit, should be able to run everything. And let's see how this performs. Here's the host right here. Watch the RAM usage. Just go crazy. And the seconds to first token are taken a bit and then the GPU takes off. So 15 seconds to the first token, it was just loaded and the performance is less than great. Now I will say this, we're going to test llama after this. For whatever reason, the models and llama are better. I'm not sure what they're doing. And when I say better, they seem to perform better. I'm not actually sure if they are better. Okay, let's stop this nonsense. Let's try two 70 B. We'll ask the same question. Take a look at our metrics here and let's go. Got to download part of it to the other host. Alright, memory's coming in hot, you know it's not doing too bad. Better than I expected. Let's check the networking. All right, networking testing. Now is it just me or is it using less bandwidth than before? That's funny. Alright, let's add 'em all in. All five are having a party. Got our monitoring up, asking a question. Now let's see how it performs. Oh, got to download one more bit. Two minutes. Killing me. Now this honestly is the most painful part of making this video. And probably for you if you're ever going to use this, it's waiting for these models to download. This video took me way too long. I anticipated one day for this video. Oh no, no, no, no, no. Foolish Chuck. I wish, and I think it's coming. I saw a few pull requests on GitHub that you could host the models locally and then pull those down. I do love the fact that they break up the model across your network, but it would be so much faster if the model was local if we didn't have to pull it from hugging face each time. Alright, now we can finally try it. I think here we sneaking go, Hey, that's actually not bad. We're using all hosts, 15 tokens a second. Memory usage is good. GPU spread across all our hosts. I'm happy with this. Not the fastest thing in the world, but it's stinking working. I love this. Let's test networking. All right, we got our networking monitoring set up. We'll launch XO once more, five nodes up and let's test it out and watch the networking go crazy, I'm assuming. Yeah, here we go. Okay, so we're distributing the network traffic across all the hosts. What's funny though is, I dunno if it's just IF top, that's acting kind of crazy, but it's showing like Deb two is my computer and it's showing me being the highest bandwidth receiver. It's kind of weird, but looking at the cumulative, I mean 64 megabits per second, that's bites. And we're getting about 10 tokens a second. Let's test Thunder Bowl. We'll test two hosts, just as we did before. Let's see how we do. So watch two hosts just go crazy. And performance is, I mean we are using Thunderbolt, right? Yeah. Using Thunderbolt performance is meh. We're not using any swap are we? So no swap ram meaning. So if we ran out of ram, it would switch over to swap, which means it would start to borrow Ram space from the hard drives. The SSDs, which are less performant, not as fast ran is extremely fast, which is why it costs so much. Alright, let's test the team. Alright, five hosts, Thunderbolt bridge 70 B. Let's see how we do. Hey, that's not too bad that actually I'm happy with 11 tokens per second steps being spread across. Man, if we could figure out this bandwidth issue, that would be killer. I don't know how exo labs are going to solve that though because we're at the mercy of what hardware we have. Maybe they'll figure out something clever. Let's check the networking and then we'll jump into our final test. Can we run the 4 0 5 B? Now at the beginning of this video, I did say the 4 0 5 B is the biggest baddest of 'em all deep seek R one just came out a local model supposed to outperform O one in a reasoning. And their biggest one is the 6 71 B, which is just a behemoth. And no, I cannot run that. That's way too big. I like doing the thunderbolt run because on the networking side, it's very obvious that the hosts aren't talking to me because they're on their own little private network. Full thunderbolt bridge connection. Let's ask it a fun question. Let's see if it'll do this. Ready, set, go. Okay, so still 10 tokens per second watching the networking. It's funny and we're not seeing a lot, are we? That's weird. Is it not using the Thunderbolt bridge? They're definitely connected in that way. Am I losing my mind here? I'm monitoring these interfaces, right? Why is the scale all the way up here to 19 megabits when I'm not seeing the progress go, I'm probably just doing something wrong. It's kind of strange. Okay, enough of that. So 70 B, we know we can run this, but now I want to run the biggest, baddest model of them all. We'll see if we can run it on 10 gig first. Now I will say this, to run this model, it took me a bit because to download that model, it is so stinking large. And yes, it's amazing that I can just click on say something. When I went to the 4 0 5 B up here, let's see, because they have it sitting right here and it would start to download to all my hosts, but it took forever. And when it finished, it was still kind of buggy. I didn't trust it. So I wanted to download it locally and run it locally. But that involved me finding a pull request that allowed that a feature that wasn't involved yet. So I did that. I checked it out. I'm currently on that branch. And looking down here, you'll see I have a local 4 0 5 4 bit model. Now I'm not even going to try around this on one host. It'll kill itself. Actually, you know what? We should just do that for fun just to see it happen. So running one host, and by the way, I did have to download the entire model, which I think is roughly 200, almost 200 gigs, and then put it on each host, which was way more efficient than downloading it from hugging face. Alright, to tell me a story, watch this ram load up. It's like, ah, ah, it's about to scream. And then you'll probably see the swap. I mean you'll definitely see it, I believe. Watch the swap right here. We're at 50. Here comes the swap. There it goes. We're going to use all the hard drive space and this is, it will end up working I think eventually, but it's just, I mean we're at 20 gig swap. I don't want to use it. I think I'm almost out of hard drive space. I want to stop that right now. Get out of here. It'll probably end up timing out. Let's see if it goes back down. Okay, cool. That was scary. That's the reason we don't do that. But if we share RAM between all of our hosts, it should be a bit better. Let's make that happen right now. Let's get our cluster running. We're still on 10 gig ethernet. Cool. All the hosts are up. It does have the model running on each. You know what, actually I need to run kind of a special version of the command. I need to specify MLX as the inference engine just like this. It should auto discover that and run that. But I want to make sure I don't screw this up. Okay, we're active. Let's stink and monitor and see what happens. Again, this was our goal to run the biggest and baddest model if you ignore the recent news. But here we go and run. Alright, let's watch the RAM fill up across the board. So it's filling up the bottom guy here, bottom left. Hopefully it doesn't get to swap, it'll just start to disperse it across all the nodes. Is it filling it up here? Yep. It's doing the top right guy for now. So swap is inactive still. Okay. It's just slowly filling up the cups of each node. Alright, now we're filling up this guy. Still haven't gotten to a point where we started generating text. Alright, filling up the top left. It's just taking a minute to load the model and memory. And I think we're almost there just to fully distribute the sucker. It's taking forever. Well evenly distribute, swap. I'm curious about that network error. But it did start, it gave a word it said here, but so far I don't see any swap memory used. Let's refresh our page and try it again. It should keep the model loaded so we don't have to wait again in one paragraph. Okay, here we go. Generate something for me. Let's go. It's doing it. It only took five seconds to get to that first token and we're rocking a blazing speed of 0.8 tokens a second. But you know what? We did it. We're running the biggest, baddest model of them all on local hardware. What would normally take an entire data center of stuff? We're doing it right here. Slow, but we did it. Take that Zuckerberg, take that musk. We don't need you, although we're using your model. So we're rocking 0.5 tokens a second. Will it be faster on thunderbolts? Let's see. Alright, I'm going to stop this nonsense. I got Thunderbolt up and running or connected. Let's run XO now. Oh wait, I got to do my MLX version. Alright, five notes. We're on Thunderbolt. Here we go. I'm excited to see what this does. So right now it's currently not loaded in Rams, so it might take a bit here. We stinking go. Ram's going nuts. Here we go. I wish you'd fill them all up at once. Man, it takes forever to load this model. Goodness. Coffee break. Haven't taken one of those in a while. It's going to time out before it loads it all up. Yep, and it timed out. Let's try it again. Okay, GPU is spiking. We're getting some stuff, but we're not using all the GPU. So again, our bottleneck here is the networking. I would love to know what the experience would be with some serious connectivity between the GPUs of these five max studios. Now performance is not any better. We're talking 0.6 tokens per second. We kind of froze at that. But as far as RAM goes, this is supportive, very exciting, very slow, but exciting. Let's check the network activity. Alright, let's get time down on me. So networking, I mean it's not using a lot of bandwidth, it's just not, okay, old man, let's put you to sleep. You're too slow. Okay, so what I want to show you real quickly though is the performance of Alama. So llama, if you don't know what that is, is probably one of the best ways to run AI models locally on your machine. Any machine, it's so easy to install. So Alama lists. I'll see what I have right now installed. Alma's not running. Let me jump into the gooey real quick with Russ desk. I forgot I wasn't using Linux, which is why I love Max. Sometimes you forget you're not using Linux. We'll run the 70 B 3.3, it'll take a minute to download. It's 42 gigs, but you'll see how much better this is now while it's downloading. I was talking with Daniel Misler, the creator of the Fabric project and he, he's such a great guy, I love him. I texted him and said, Hey, please add this support for XO Labs. I want to test it for fabric. He did it. So let's update fabric real quick. Alright, so here it is and it's going to go pretty quick. Oh, look at that. It's fast. So the model is definitely loaded up. No swap though. GPU usage. It's using the full GPU. So here's the thing with xo, I think that maybe MLX performance with Mac isn't quite there, but we'll see something different on non Mac computers. So things actually running Invidia, GPUs, I'm replacing my video editor's, PCs, the ones that have Nvidia GPUs with these Macs. Should I do another video where I cluster all these extra computers together? Let me know, but it's doing great. Now, as you can tell, it would not go well if I tried to run a larger model like the 4 0 5 B. But this model with my 64 gigs of RAM on my Max Studio runs like a dream, which is pretty amazing. The 70 B model is awesome. The new model from Deep Seek, we got to try that. They have 70 B as well. Let's see how much space we have on our machine here. Yeah, we got space. So let's try and run this 42 more gigs. Whilst doing that, I'm going to run fabric. Okay, let's test this out real quick. Hey, how are you? And we're not using SWAP and we're running deep seek. That's huge on a Mac Studio. That's amazing. Okay, I've got fabric updated to this branch. I'm so excited to try this. And by the way, I'm able to use Fabric or rather, Daniel Meer is able to implement fabric with XO because XO uses Chad gcp T compatible APIs. That's not the command. Let's run this set up. We'll do xo, make sure I'm at least real. Lemme run all my stuff here. And every one of these hosts should run its own little API and I'll run off the main one here. So Echo, tell me a story. Pipe that into fabric. Okay, not working. Oh, there we go. No. Oh, it's working here. I want it to stream to me though. Will it stream? It may not support streaming. Oh, there it goes. Oh, that's sick. I'm using fabric with this. This is so cool. Okay, that's so cool Daniel, thank you so much and let's test it up. Okay, things are happening. Ah, yes, fabric. Let's take in a minute, but here we go. Oh my gosh, that was a quick story. Lemme have it summarize something. Let's go to bleeping computer. Let's take all this text, pee paste, summarize. Boom. Okay, so we're sending it a lot of text and there it goes. Oh my gosh, this is awesome. Yes, this is having a, anyways, that's stinking cool. Alright, let's bring this video home. It's been way too long. XO Labs is very cool. I'm excited about it. For the Mac with MLX, I think there's still more work that has to be done. Currently networking is still a bottleneck, although I dunno how it's going to perform on an Nvidia based cluster. Let me know if you want to see that below. Also, I was kind of thinking about doing a raspberry pi AI cluster with Exo Labs. Lemme know if you want me to do that. That's all I got. I'll catch you guys next time.

  Top Comments:
  1. @NetworkChuck [184 likes]: Get NordVPN 2Y plan + 4 months extra + 6 MORE months extra:   https://nordvpn.com/networkchuck It’s risk-free with Nord’s 30-day money-back guarantee! 


I just bought 5 Mac Studios to replace my video editing PCs… but before I hand them over to my editors, I had to play with them first. So, I did something crazy– I clustered them together to build a super powerful AI cluster. My goal? Run Llama 3.1 405B, one of the biggest AI models out there. Normally, you’d need an AI server that costs more than my HOUSE to run something like this. In this video, I’ll show you exactly how I clustered my Mac Studios together using Exo Labs.





RESOURCES & LINKS


🖥 Exo labs project: https://github.com/exo-explore/exo

🔧 Video where I built Terry, my LOCAL AI server: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wjrdr0NU4Sk

📺 Watch Alex Ziskind’s Mac Cluster Video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GBR6pHZ68Ho




🔥🔥Join the NetworkChuck Academy!: https://ntck.co/NCAcademy 



**Sponsored by NordVPN
  2. @Traphappy-63bc [2 likes]: Been there done that… Pfft…
  3. @CyberSundaysWithAga [2 likes]: Yes, please do it🎉 I would love to see Exo running all nodes incliding Raspberry Pis and Linux  PC.
  4. @Cementmaylus [1 likes]: Why use mac instead of normal high end pcs?
  5. @nickladgin [1 likes]: y 5 Y NOT 6
  6. @musicalkjv5937: Lets all switch to Unix
  7. @ReaL_CRAFTLORD: EY Chuck would you please 🙏 get me a laptop
  8. @nelzo82: I like this man , all respect
  9. @obiforcemaster: Yeah, let me drop $25k real quick. Hang on... 🤣
  10. @ALLSTARUNIVERSAL: Ask Apple to include Qfsp28 100G; it's better than USB 5 80G because all PCs on the network with a switch will be able to back up data very quickly, in addition to accessing files via fiber optic cable, and gamers will be able to transfer Minecraft files quickly or use Time Machine quickly.:face-blue-smiling:
  11. @Daniel-l5d6x: That's how the stock of Mac Mini and Mac Studio went out😅
  12. @cubes4ever-y5k: erm, actually the intel arc has 48 gigs vram
  13. @zizouyoussef7944: why it's eating Token if it's local (Host) ?
  14. @Tech-Mahiyan: @NetworkChuck why does you sound like AI

if someone agrees with me pls reply
  15. @CyberSundaysWithAga: Yes, please do it🎉 I would love to see Exo running all nodes incliding Raspberry Pis and Linux  PC.
  16. @MissionIsHere: Legend says his lips are still in there somewhere... still moving... still trying to be seen... 🪦
  17. @PressureCooker69: this guy's ancestors fought in the great wars
  18. @jumpersfilmedinvr: Over 10k to run a quality llm locally and still you get hardly anything out of it. The hardware technology is inferior
  19. @YermitoPR: so like. theirs a worm whole forming in my room now...
  20. @joejoe6949: $13000 on macs your wife was not divorce you. lol

- Apache Spark in 100 Seconds: Kind: captions Language: en Apache spark an open- Source data analytics engine that can process massive streams of data from multiple sources like an octopus juggling chainsaws it was created in 2009 by mate zaharia at UC Berkeley's amp lab around this time the amount of data being collected on the internet was exploding from megabytes to pedabytes making it impossible to analyze on a single machine but there was already a clever programming model called map reduce you map data into key value pairs Shuffle and sort them into groups by key then reduce each group to to compute a final result this allowed large data sets to be distributed across multiple machines but there was still a huge bottleneck caused by dis iio aache spark fixed this by doing most of its work in memory instead of reading from disk which can be up to 100 times faster and that's a game Cher for big data analytics and machine learning it's used by Amazon to analyze e-commerce data by NASA's jet propulsion lab to analyze deep space along with 80% of Fortune 500 companies to process all their data despite its reputation for distributed big data processing you can easily run Apache spark locally on your own machine it's written in Java and runs on the jvm but its apis can be used with wrappers for python SQL and many other languages to get started install it then let's imagine we have a CSV file with four columns for City population latitude and longitude and our boss wants us to find the city with the biggest population between the tropics the first step is to initialize a session and then load the data into memory the spark will take the spreadsheet and create a data frame which turns the columns and rows into a collection of objects they can be processed across distributed nodes from here we can apply transformations to the data frame by chaining method calls like in this case we want to filter the data frame to exclude cities outside of the tropics that transformation will happen in memory then we can order the results by population and finally use first to grab the largest tropical City to the city of Mexico City pretty cool and if you're working with a SQL database you can easily use that data directly instead of the data frame API and when working with massive data sets it Sparks cluster manager or tools like kubernetes can scale this workload horizontally across an unlimited number of machines but when it comes to machine learning spark also has a secret weapon called MLB let's build a predictive model by first bringing in Vector assembler to merge multiple columns into a vector column then we can split it up into training and testing data frames from there spark has a wide variety of different algorithms to handle classification regression clustering and so on all of which can be trained in a distributed system congratulations you can now train large scale Ma machine learning models this has been a patchy spark in 100 seconds but before one can truly harness the full potential of spark one must have a solid foundation and math and problem solving and you can start building that foundation for free right now thanks to this video sponsor brilliant brilliant's platform will introduce you to essential programming Concepts but most importantly the Hands-On exercises will develop your brain to recognize and solve complex problems that developers need to overcome on a daily basis best of all every lesson is concise and rewarding but by investing just a few minutes each day you'll develop habits that can level up your programming skills for the rest of your life and you can do it anywhere even from your phone to try everything brilliant has to offer for free for 30 days visit brilliant.org fireship or scan this QR code for 20% off their premium annual subscription thanks for watching and I will see you in the next one

  Top Comments:
  1. @Fireship [2400 likes]: Correction: Spark is written in Scala, not its abusive stepfather Java.
  2. @aberadiro1938: Good Thank you
  3. @MammadAliyev-p6w: Apache Spark is primarily written in Scala, not Java as it says in the video.
It still runs on JVM since Scala language runs on JVM.
  4. @dbrx-cs: I just came here to like each comment saying it's written in Scala
  5. @ajhesh: Thanks. I am adding apache spark into my resume.
  6. @mdmuslehuddin8904: Make video of Apache DataFusion.
  7. @priyashpatil: It's written in scala not java
  8. @ChimeraReiax: Hope this series comes back. Its why I followed fireship in the first place. Perhaps the next 100 seconds could be Cython? Since its an extremely useful part of the Python ecosystem for speeding up your python code, and the differences with Python code and how to best use it sould be pretty tight
  9. @typescape0: Please do OCaml in 100 seconds next
  10. @FlotrisTV: Can u make a vid on Android Studio
  11. @LeBucle: I would rather call it `feautures` instead of `assembled_df` [minute 2:18]
  12. @tweizh: 1:49 Lmao
  13. @blackbeltninj4: fyp
  14. @critizen.official6742: next 100 seconds video should be about gel! (formally edgedb)
  15. @fernandofink5832: Apache Spark in 100s
The video: 199s
Great video though, thanks!
  16. @lanlua: AWK in 100 seconds pls
  17. @pif5023: Every time I see the Java mascot I ask myself what went wrong there
  18. @satyasumant2361: written in scala which is written in java
  19. @joker28666: Great video, for the example it really wouldnt make sense to use spark, you're better off just using pandas.
  20. @akshaypandey3573: I did not learn anything

- Apple did what NVIDIA wouldn't - Mac Studio Clustering with Exo: Kind: captions Language: en [laughter] [gasps] What have I got myself into this time? Whether you're for or against AI, it's hard to deny that at least on the hardware and engineering side of things that it's super interesting. I mean, sure, you can pay for a subscription to Open AI or Google with Gemini for the privilege of spoon feeding them your data in exchange for some AI goodness, but you can also be like all the cool kids on the playground. Hell, even PewDiePie is doing it these days and run your AI models locally. Yes, even the computer or phone that you're watching this video on can run a large language model. But you know what can AI better? Not one, not two, but precisely four Macintosh. Good for a combined total of 1.5 terabytes of unified memory to run the beefiest and absolute baddest large language models out there without having to give Daddy Alman any of our data. If you're a hardware nerd or you're into AI, get subscribed. Duh. But you've also probably seen this before. But I promise you, there is something huge that's new. In fact, two things. This Mac Studio cluster should be multiple times faster than it was even just yesterday. All while still consuming less than around a half of a North American power circuit and while realistically costing multiple times less than a solution that can run models in the same class as this. It's basically in a class of its own given the price and the capabilities at this point. It's kind of ridiculous. First is Apple's sneaky release of RDMA over Thunderbolt in the recent Mac OS 26.2 beta. You probably wouldn't think much of it, but that is going to enable most of the performance increases we're seeing today. And second, the public release of Exo 1.0. That's the software you can use to take four Mac Studios like this and turn them into the AI cluster of your freaking dreams. But we're getting a bit ahead of ourselves here. See, if you've tried to run local LLMs and you don't have hardware this crazy, you've probably noticed that they seem, well, for lack of a better word, kind of dumb or at the very least less intelligent than when you talk to Chat GPT or Gemini. Don't get me wrong, those small models have their uses. You can't exactly fit a Mac Studio amount of performance or memory for that matter in a security camera or a smartphone. It makes sense that they can't compete with the big services because the models that you're using when you work with chat GBT are in the range of hundreds or thousands of gigabytes. So large that they need to run in data centers that cost as much as the GDP of a small European country to build and realistically probably use more energy than those European countries too. But you can also run models of that size on these. Sorry, I'm just making space for my supercluster. I hope you don't mind. Who did this brother? You see, Apple designed their M series of silicon with unified memory that's shared between both the CPU and graphics cores, which enabled them on the launch of the M3 Ultra chips that are in these Mac Studios to release a skew with a whopping 512 GB of RAM, which is half of the units we have here. The other half have 256 gigs. Both of which were enough to run some insane AI models. The kinds of models that are oneshotting code challenges, and they're only getting better, which is exactly why you, software engineer or total noob, should be checking out boot.dev, who sponsored this portion of today's video. They've cracked the code, if you will, on making programming fun and engaging to learn by basically turning it into a video game. I know it sounds crazy, but imagine this. You're learning to do back-end web development by learning Python and SQL and Go, and at the same time, you're earning XP. You're leveling up and you're completing quests. Heck, you're even doing boss fights all while learning. They have courses for developers of all experience levels with a curriculum that goes super in-depth while still being easy and engaging to follow. And their courses even teach you the tools of the trade while you're working through them. So, you learn how to use Linux and Git and Docker. It's kind of crazy, but it's not as crazy as the fact that they give you all the course material, the lessons, the video tutorials, and the starter code on their website for free. So, you can start to learn how to build a real web project without any risk to your wallet. And if their interactive learning style works for you, like it's been working for me, then you should use code Jaku to get 25% off an annual plan that gives you all of those fantastic interactivity features like hands-on coding, AI assistance, progress tracking, all the gamification for all of their courses at the link down in the description. It's genuinely freaking sweet. Love those guys. Like the 70 billion parameter llama 3.3 model in full FP16. Let's see how fast that goes across one of our Mac studios. Can you write me a thousandword story about how cool BMWs are? Include discussion of oil leaks. Oh god. Took about 2 seconds for the initial response and we're running at a rate of about five tokens per second, which is not the crazy fastest thing out there, but it's not an easy to run model at 150 GB on its own. But now we've got models like Deep Seek where they're 700 GB or Mistral 3 large and Kimmy K2 in excess of a terabyte in their full weights, which is crazy. But we can handle that with this setup. Right now, I've got 10 GB Ethernet plugged into all of them, and I'm going to boot up Exo on the rest, and it should automatically form a cluster for us. And then we'll see how much faster we can make this go just on the same model. And then we'll try one of the bigger ones. Die, my child. Now, if we start Exo on the rest of our Macs, now we have a cluster, baby. Even though we don't need the extra memory from the other machines, we can make use of the compute on the other machines and have that same 70 billion parameter model run way faster, at least in theory. Now, before we try all four of them, I'm going to start by loading that same Llama 3.3 model on two of our machines and see how much of a speed up that yields on its own. and then we can go into rocking it on all four. All right, write me a thousandword story about leaky BMWs. Is it going to go any faster? That is effectively the same speed. 2 seconds to start and five tokens a second. That's kind of weird, huh? We are running it across both of them. You can see that we've got 100 watts of power draw on each Mac Studio and the model is spread across the memory of both of them. But what if we try and run it on all four? Well, we're still talking about five tokens a second. What's the problem? Now, you can imagine the data of our model as a book. And when we load that book across [laughter] the cluster, each machine gets its own set of chapters, but it doesn't necessarily have access to the entire book. That means each computer has to calculate its response to your prompt with the chapters it has access to and then pass that response or the partial response on to the next computer in the cluster before the next computer can even do anything. It's just like a relay race where you run your section but you have to hand off the baton before the next person can start. Except for our situation, on each lap that the cluster completes, we only get one output token, which you can imagine is around one letter in the output. In our case, the racetrack is essentially the networking that we're connecting all these machines with. And you can see right now we're just using 10 gig Ethernet with a 10 GB UniFi Pro XG8 switch, which I'll have linked down in the description along with all the other hardware we showed off today. That 10 GB networking is plenty enough bandwidth to transfer what is essentially part of a letter. Our hypothetical relay runners here are so fast that forcing them to talk over standard Ethernet is like the networking equivalent of forcing them to go through airport security every time they need to pass on that baton. So you can imagine when you're asking it to write a thousandword story for each letter within those thousand words, our cluster here is effectively going through TSA at least four times. That works out to a metric shitload of completely random searches and why in the enterprise they use Infiniband which has much lower latency. Now you could already do better than this simply by using Thunderbolt cables directly connecting all the Macs together rather than using Ethernet with the switch. It's just a little bit lower latency on Apple Stack. Or we can bypass this hypothetical security problem entirely by using RDMA. It's kind of the same deal. We're going to hook up all of our Macs directly with Thunderbolt, but then we need to drop into the recovery menu of our Macs and actually enable it. Now, you do need the Mac OS 26.2 beta, and you have to be using a machine that has Thunderbolt 5. That includes anything M4 Pro or better, as well as the M3 Ultra. Now, I'm going to hook this up exactly as it says in the guide, which honestly is a little strange. How does this even work? So, uh, this guy. Um, how am I missing a cable? 1 2 3 5. Where's the sixth spaghette? They're all connected like that. Woohoo. Now, with three Thunderbolt 5 connections on each of these systems, we're talking about an aggregate connectivity from each of them of around 240 Gbit both ways. But, we're not going to make use of anywhere near that. The real story here is once we have RDMA enabled, the latency cuts down by 99%. Which is huge. Hey, Arlo, do you like fast AI? Oh, boop. Got them. Now you see we can take the same llama 3.3 70 billion parameter model. Select MLX RDMA and tensor sharding. Yeah, Arlo. Hey, I don't even know if the RDMA is going to work right off the bat. Who knows? Maybe I cabled it up wrong. The time to beat is five tokens a second. Write me a 200word story. Holy Nine tokens a second. That's almost double the speed we had running on just one. I'm a little bit in shock. That was a a bit of a dumpster fire getting that all going. Okay, why don't we try something bigger like the Kimmy K2 instruct model in a 4bit quant your what? My quantitative GB. For a baseline, I'm going to start with the standard pipeline MLX ring sharding so that we get a good idea of what it would be like before we use RDMA. Once we know how fast that goes, we'll try it with RDMA. This is so freaking cool, man. I'm excited to try the new Mistral models for coding because they apparently are like nice. >> I suspect it's not going to go too fast, but we'll give her a shot. Oh, yeah. Okay, look at that. This is over Ethernet right now, but it's only transmitting like 20 megabit, 25 megabit. That's it. And uh we're getting around 22 tokens per second. I'm Uncle Jim and I hate oil stains the way cats hate bath water. [laughter] Now, let's try RDMA and see how fast it actually goes. Only then it crashed, it seemed like. Fast forward, oh my god, like 12 hours of troubleshooting and messing about trying to get this setup to work as I was thinking it should work. And it seems like we're finally there. It wasn't just my changes. They actually have made something like 40 different version updates in the last 2 days just to get this working a little bit more stable. We're definitely at the frontier of this technology. There doesn't really exist another solution for this as Jeff Gearling so nicely highlighted in his Framework Desktop video. I also found out that because my Macs were named differently than they asked, they were expecting them to be named as the cabling image said in the future that's a limitation that should disappear, but since this is like definitely tech demo territory, there's some weird quirks with it like that. I also am not able to upload any of my own custom models into this setup. It's very much a set of models that they have pre-curated and determined work properly with this setup. They also have to be models that are in the MLX format for this to work properly on Apple devices with RDMA. However, now we can see how fast this you can fit so many AIs in this bad girl right here. I tell you what, and same with this one and that one over there and this one over there. As I showed you guys before, one of these Max Studios with Llama 3.3 70 billion parameters in the FP16 weight that I've been using takes about two to two and a half seconds to start and goes around five tokens per second for inferencing. However, when we run it on two of our Mac Studios with tensor sharding over RDMA, well, that jumps up to more like nine tokens a second. However, it's worth noting that that is a dense model and that means we get really good scaling even though it seems kind of counterintuitive. And there you have it. We're up to just over 1 second to get started and around 15 and a half tokens per second. 3.25 times faster. How about Kimmy K2? I talked about that a bunch. Well, in the instruct version of it in a 4bit quant, well, you can't actually run this one on just one machine. Even at four bits, it's nearly 600 GB. So, our baseline is going to be pipelining the model over two of the machines. That's essentially the same results we saw before when we were on just Ethernet. And that yielded about 25 tokens a second. And then when we split it across all four machines, nearly 35 tokens per second. The scaling is nowhere near as good as a dense model, but it is still a large performance increase. And it does also show that the time to first token going from around 6 and 1/2 seconds down to 1 and a half. That's the kind of latency your users or whatever have to wait for before they even start to see a response. The problem is those models move around a lot in their total parameter pool which means they do a lot of smaller calculations at least relative to a dense model and that adds a lot of overhead at least in the current software setup. Now, the Exo guys say they are working on optimizing this, but I expect based on what they briefed me with that the results we see on those are not going to be anywhere near as good. But it's kind of hard to complain because what's your alternative at this point? I guess you could buy like eight Nvidia DGX Spark units, but then it would draw way more power. You would only have the same amount of VRAM as one of these Mac Studios, and it would cost >> $32,000. >> Let me show you what I mean. Starting with Deepseek 3.1 in an 8bit quant running on two of these Macs. For some reason, it doesn't have the option to run this model pipelined across multiple just for the VRAM improvement, not for any performance improvement. So, I don't have a comparison point less than this. But, we can at least try two versus four in this configuration and see what that looks like. Here's what I'm talking about. Deepseek v3.1 with 671 billion parameters total only has 37 billion parameters actually active when you're inferencing. It's like 5% only. It took 3 1/2 seconds for us to get the first token and it's going at around 20 tokens per second. Now let's boot it up on all four. See what I mean? Instead of our pretty linear scaling that we were seeing before, we went from getting 20 tokens a second to getting 24 tokens a second. Sure, the time to first token dumped a lot from three and a half down to under two, but you can see how much less efficient it is to parallelize these mixture of expert models than it is to parallelize a dense model, at least for now. So clearly, the performance is pretty awesome. And with future optimization, in theory, we'll be able to get even further on the same hardware again, which is so cool to think about. However, what do you use this for, right? Because if you're using those fancy open AI models or Google models or claude or whatever, you can use them with cloud code. You can use them in cursor, you can use them in VS Code. However, we don't really have that infrastructure for this setup. Fortunately, Exo does provide an open AI compatible API that you can interact with your models with directly, even when you have multiple loaded. Now, that was something that didn't work when I first tried this and after their bajillion updates is working a lot better. So you can have more than one model loaded at the same time. However, I tried a bunch of different AI coding agents and none of them seemed to talk to it properly. Open code was the closest I got where it actually was giving me good responses. However, the tool use just like didn't work at all. The exo guys told me that they're working on that or whatever. I mean, you could at least use it in Jan like, "Hey, generate me a website." And I mean, it it does. It even says you can just copy paste this, bro. We can just [clears throat] take this and paste it into a website and then open it up and subscribe to my YouTube channel. Duh. Wait a Why did it pick Lewig? What the Oh, I wasn't subscribed to Lwig. Ah, but I don't want it to like go directly into a file or read files and have that context and it's just not quite there yet. You know what I'm interested to see though is how much power it's actually drawing during this. So, let's ask it to write a much longer story. It's drawing around 115 to around 125 watts. Put that all together and we're at around 480 watts for a mixture of experts model where it's really not making perfect use of all that hardware. Let's switch back to Llama for a second and see what the power draw is like when we're running that where it actually like really can make good use of the hardware. So much Oh, it failed. What? >> It's delusional. >> They're using some like very beta features that Apple added to sync the CPU and GPU when running an MLX model like this. And apparently it's not the most stable thing in the universe. So, I'm going to close Exo on all the machines, start back up again, and then we'll try. Oh, that's that's watting up the hoo-ha. That's a weird thing to say. With dense lama, 3.370 billion, our power draw is more like 600 watts. That's actually less than one H200 Nvidia GPU. Can do around 50 tokens a second on one H200 at FP8 instead of FP16. So, half the size of the model. So, why don't we try that across our cluster? Now, for reference, an H200 is somewhere in the neighborhood of $30,000 US. Yep. 26 tokens a second. So, we're just about half. It's just really cool to be able to see what we can do with existing hardware and a little or frankly probably a lot of software optimization. This is the same hardware you could have bought all the way back in March of this year and now it's getting this much performance uplift. It's really, really freaking cool. I'm not going to lie and say there isn't a part of me that goes, I wish the reason we were pushing for optimizations like this wasn't for something that so many people use for bad stuff. But I've been trying to reconcile in my head that just because there are bad things that people do with AI doesn't mean there isn't also good things. My first thought when they offered me the opportunity to try this setup out was, "Dude, I should use this to replace my Alexa and build like freaking the most insane home voice assistant ever." But unfortunately, the apps that are out there for connecting Home Assistant to an OpenAI compatible API just didn't seem to work for me. So, I don't know. How about get subscribed? because I've got these for like two more months and that means I can spend some time making that work and then maybe I'll just have to buy a couple. I mean, I don't need to run a 700 gigabyte model for my voice assistant, but and while you're down there, don't forget to check out boot.dev, who sponsored this video. It's a fantastic tool to gify learning how to code. You can also hit the like button while you're down there and comment. Let me know what you would do with this much absolutely balling compute.

  Top Comments:
  1. @jakkuh_t [116 likes]: Check out Boot.dev at https://boot.dev/?promo=JAKKUH and use code JAKKUH to get 25% off your first plan!
  2. @johncook8238 [1 likes]: You can run Theta and use phones, computers, EVs as edge nodes. Save 50 to 70%  on electricty. Scalable, low latency and hardware agnostic. I run it on my Mac. And it pays me to do it in Tfuel. And it runs Llama too. Theta owns the patents to Edge nodes as well. Why pay when you can earn?
  3. @DemirTurgutGüreli [1 likes]: These clusters can show better results than rtx 6000 ada right?
  4. @artempylypchuk4140 [1 likes]: Meh, 512 GB of RAM, there were servers with terabytes of RAM in 2019.
Let me get this right - you increased network bandwidth by several order of magnitude, and it gave you like less than 10x intrease in tokens/sec? WOW, there's definitely something wrong with this architecture.
  5. @DerekDavis213 [1 likes]: Mac has a tiny 10 percent market share, after 42 years in business.  And now Mac Pro is being abandoned.

The Fortune 500 companies, and Hollywood movie studios prefer Windows.  By far.
  6. @EE_KD [1 likes]: sick for the low price of 20k i can have my own home LLM
  7. @maxxxzillion [1 likes]: Spending $35,000 to avoid spending $20 per month. Genius.
  8. @llll691-m6v: cool video
  9. @hammer911tube: Deepseek?
So, instead of feeding your data to OpenAI or Google, you’re feeding it to the Chinese government? Smart.
  10. @squarepc-i3d: More like a book sliced like a cake sk each page is split 4 ways instead of by chapter.
  11. @Robbrown92: Staff wondering when they’re going to get their first Mac studio
  12. @AliAnsari-b6x: Still very slow
  13. @KenneTech: AI is stupid ... Youtubers and corporations need to stop trying to shove it down our throats
  14. @charleswesly5847: can i get one ??
  15. @JustBYO: if only you could just drop in m5 chips
  16. @balasuar: Relay Race? You mean Token Ring Networking.
  17. @carloshkayser: 17:30 what app is that?
  18. @johnnycomas: Meh, pay for claude until it's not worth it and then buy a more powerful setup when you actually need to.  No body is cutting off users for the next few years while they try to go net positive revenue, by the time we need AI that we own and operate this entire stack will be obsolete.
  19. @KDP2009: A feature didn't seem to work for you? But you're building an ai cluster... Why not just vibe code it to work?...
  20. @coreyl3191: Trying to set something like this up for work. Would be cool if we could just have them?

- How to use Apple Diagnostic on your Mac to find Hardware Issues: Kind: captions Language: en is your MacBook acting up and you're not sure why a great place to start is the Apple diagnostic test when you run that it'll show you if you have any hardware issues this is how you run Diagnostics on your macbook with the macbook turned off hold option + D and then press the power button still holding option indeed the computer will boot into diagnostic ask you for your network you put your network in and it will begin the diagnostic

  Top Comments:
  1. @owenspinks793 [11 likes]: hi. my mac will not enter diagnostics mode
  2. @TechableOfficial [10 likes]: Did a code appear in the diagnostic report? Leave the code below!  We will help you fix your Mac!
  3. @DirtDexterity [10 likes]: there is another way without shutting down your device, you go to activity monitor and click system diagnostics options which are a 3 horizontal dots inside a circle.
  4. @kinginkaay [1 likes]: doesn’t work for me
  5. @sbrave2 [1 likes]: I'm getting some kind of kernel panic message when Internet Recovery starts. I can't read it bc the screen rez is too big when I enter Internet Recovery mode. 2014 Mac Mini / Catalina
  6. @noramilton707 [1 likes]: Very helpful very straight to the point thank you
  7. @AdrianneBate [1 likes]: This wasn't helpful for me because my issue is my wifi stopped working.
  8. @Nothing__2x [1 likes]: It is taking forever to load when I entered the password.
  9. @dplj4428 [1 likes]: is there a diagnostic choice like this for mac mini m1 or any silicon mini?
  10. @36TEventServices: Thanks!
  11. @Osho-m2z: Mine is showing Code: -1005D
  12. @Tropicaluv: Thank you!
  13. @DehK1ng: Thanks for the vid it was helpful got it done with in a week I lot a heatsink screw so I had to order another one
  14. @GeorgeZourelidis: yes it goes to recovery mode
  15. @KarlaLeano: VDH002? Please help
  16. @artsymom0329: I am doing right now and its stuck on “processing”’the activity monitor
  17. @sbrave2: Can't get into diagnostic mode. All I get is Internet Recovery with these key commands. 20145 Mac Mini/Catalina
  18. @jacobyesthatsmynameyum1247: bro fuck you this shit never works
  19. @summer.rayner: Quickly explained, clear and friendly, thank you!
  20. @wissemabid5053: nice

- Six Displays Running on M1 Mac Mini, Macbook Air + Activity Monitor + Subscriber Q&A #WorkFromHome: Kind: captions Language: en this video is a continuation of my last one but we're taking it to the max as some of you may or may not know apple doesn't support more than two screens on the newest m1 mac mini and more than one screen on m1 laptops like the macbook air and macbook pro that is no longer the case today we're connecting up to six screens to the mac mini and five to the macbook air we'll cover the how which adapters are used compare the adapters look at how the macs are working in activity monitor answering subscriber questions like how the system works under stress and how well demanding tasks work let's get started [Music] the first we're doing is the mac mini i also went out and purchased an m1 macbook air for these tests our screen setup is as follows the main tv is a 65 inch samsung 4k over hdmi that's going to the main port on the mac mini and we're not going to use it on the macbook air because the macbook air only supports one external screen the next screen is a 40 inch sony tv with hdmi input at 1080p that's straightforward as well and will go to both the mac mini and the macbook air you might also notice that i have a cal digit thunderbolt 3 dock that's to make swapping between the two devices easier so the cal digit is first connected to the mac mini and offers a series of ports and to it we take one of the usb-c ports and adapt it to hdmi for the second screen at this point we start with screen 3 and if you haven't already please see the first video for instructions on installing the display link manager with it installed the third screen is a simpler 1080p touchscreen 24 inches over hdmi and using the original plugable adapter in my experience plugable was a little worse in quality than the following adapters for screens 4 5 and 6. please note we have already surpassed apple's m1 maximum of 2 screens for screen number four it's an lg 32-inch that offers both displayport and hdmi at 75 hertz we adapt the hdmi from the screen to startech.com's 4k hdmi to usb 3.0 adapter compared to plugable i had a terrific experience with the startech.com ones and i don't know whether this is just marketing on their end but they claim to have an external graphics card inside of it i have no idea what this is like or what it does i would read more about it instead of referring to this video for what they mean by external graphics card screens 5 and 6 are a 4k dell and a 1920x1200 asus pro are 75hz refresh rate and they're both configured to go over displayport i don't know what kind of magic they're doing how they're driving two display ports one of which is 4k over usb 3.0 we're covering stress tests soon and you'll see that the results are pretty good and the moment of triumph six screens on an m1 mac now time for the macbook air after we swap out the thunderbolt cable everything is connected into the cal digit so it's a straightforward process we'll set up display link and voila next up we have subscriber questions answered but first i want to say a huge thank you to people like budswithnick oswald g westerneng and reynald adolf you guys don't know how much your comments mean and i'm really happy to have helped a lot of the questions share the same theme centered around performance especially when running 4k and having activity monitor up to show how the cpu does so i did two things i played videos at maximum resolution from my favorite youtubers page on all of the display link screens and measured that with activity monitor and i tried playing around with final cut pro and rendering video while playing 4k video and seeing how the display link monitors respond overall experiences were awesome the startech ones did a little bit better but the plugable held its own with few dropped frames with maximum resolution videos on all display link screens but i'll let you guys be the judge of the quality i also want to mention that the max fan was completely silent something i've never seen before the next question from charles was how does it behave if you do try the display port with hdmi plugged in i went ahead and plugged in one of the screens using displayport into the cal digit using the thunderbolt dock as requested and as predicted it did not work because the macbook air only supports one display over either of its thunderbolt ports they both just get blocked out and don't show anything the next question from vesnik is what happens if you try to close the lid of the macbook or leave it open when we close the lid nothing crashes it works as expected all the windows reappear and we can configure it assuming we have a mouse and keyboard connected and that's one when we go ahead to reopen this laptop which we're doing now the laptop screen powers on and everything restores to the original display configuration as originally that's it for subscriber questions and thanks again for asking them feel free to ask more in the comments below last but not least before we end the video i want to show a quick fix for having display links start up when you start up your mac or when you log in for the first time if you go to system preferences users and then login items you'll want to locate in your applications the display link manager and then click and drag that into your login items once you've typed in your password what that'll do is start up display link manager so you don't need to open the application every time you start up your mac to use all the additional displays and that sums up the video today we ran 6 screens on m1 max or 5 additional screens on m1 mac laptops we went through final cut tests 4k playback and performance tests and the adapters worked awesomely as always comment below if you have any i want to say a huge thanks again for tuning in and a huge thanks to adriana and chris for their music cover and for your awesome comments and awesome thanks for subscribing and i hope you have as always you have a great day you

  Top Comments:
  1. @JBayldon [2 likes]: Just wondering how long you had all that running for? I've seen some systems connected to M1 Airs lose all signal after 15 minutes.
  2. @macrefinerymartinez1430 [1 likes]: Keep your receipts handy. MacOS 15.3.1 is blocking the systemextensionsctl driver necessary for the recognition of displays. I was successfully using two monitors with my MacPro M1 using the Targus Dock116 before the upgrade to OS 15.3.1. The OS is actively blocking the driver. Before entering the password to access my account, the two displays show the background graphics. As soon as I log in, the Mac only recognizes one screen. For troubleshooting purposes, I connected a j5create JCD3198 and had the same monitor issue. Both the Targus and the j5create are docks that use DisplayLink as a driver.
  3. @EricSteeves-z7e [1 likes]: What a well produced video. Thank you.
  4. @douglashero3261: I have been running 5 monitors on an M1 Mac Mini for 4 years now. Not just for a theory test like this video, but 5 days a week 9 hours a day in customer service: on the 2 vertical monitor on the far left Finder & Slack, Flex (incoming calls) on the center left, Pestroutes on the center right, and some passive entertainment on the far right. I also had a 6th monitor as a dell company laptop, so a total of 6 monitors on my desk. :)
I recently dropped down to 4, as my daughter wanted a computer in her room, so I gave her on of the 2 smallest monitors from the left hand side.
  5. @MrBeenLeohakker: Very nice. Can you tell me how to connect 6 displays running on Mac Mini 2024 M4 Pro - 14 Core CPU - 20 Core GPU - 64 GB RAM - 1 TB SSd ?
Many thanks in advance.
  6. @ArcadeObsessed: Oh my god, you have just saved my bacon. I’m gonna thoroughly study this video and try and do the same. I’ve just sold my account digit TS4 and replace it with an Ivanky fusion Max
I’m learning about display link and those Star Trek adapters look really good 
Thanks for your help. Wish me luck. 

My setup is a little different to yours. I actually want to use the iMac 2017 as an external display as well. 

Do you think this is possible? 
Great video by the way
  7. @shonethomas1980: I have four displays connected to a Mac Studio with usbc to hdmi adapter. Each time I turn on the Mac, the login screen is switching to one of the four  displays. Not staying on the main display. Mac Studio is connected to the main display by hdmi. You have any suggestions?
  8. @jackromeathome: Bless you ❤
  9. @juhthreef: so where did you land with this? macbook pro in theory should be able to support 6 displays?
  10. @smartwhip.: Bruh slow tf down
  11. @davidtobar8009: i have a four monitor set up connected to my macbook air 2021, is there a way to have one tab span across all four monitors at once so all monitors make up one large collective view?
  12. @CNormanHocker: I just don't want display link. Is there away to not use display link? I am curious.
  13. @Velocity_x6: Can you have 5 screens from MacBook air? And what dock can I use to do that if can be
  14. @random-Automation-23242: I have two type c hubs connected to each port (I have only 2 type c ports available on macbook pro 13 inch m2) , each port is connected to an hdmi monitor, but I am still getting one screen and the second screen is not displaying or getting detected, idk what else can I do to make it work, do I need a special adapder/docking station? this works fine on my macbook intel chip but not on m2
  15. @aualmario: Do you think this will work if I need to run 5 projectors (instead of screens) off a mac mini?
  16. @kristhomas6474: That’s flipping awesome
  17. @neohyuns: Is 6 screens really the limit to M1 Mac Mini? Or 6 was all you could do with the resources at hand? I tried doing 7 screens on the same machine with 3 dual displaylink adapters plugged in via usb a and c + 1 hdmi monitor directly on the mac but M1 Mini does not detect the third adapter. I was wondering if I already hit the maximum number of screens or I could use a separate hub/dock for it as I plug everything to the Mac Mini for power. Thanks!
  18. @konseyvlog: Anything is possible thanks bud.
  19. @shreeshbiyani6628: I still can't get how he connected 6 monitor.
  20. @corymantor-ed4uh: What adapters would be needed to have 3 external extended monitors connected to a 2019 iMac, is that possible? Or does it requires silicon? I’ve been trying to figure this out for a year lol!

- How to Fix a Mac computer that won't boot up iMac, macbook Pro, Air mini.: Kind: captions Language: en hello everybody so you're putting I'm computing dancing boot up all the way and that's because there's something wrong with the taste so what we got to do is prepare it and the only way to do is to turn off the computer and turn it back on while you're doing that you're gonna hold down on come on our for a little while I made a few seconds probably a minute until a menu comes up and then you can release it maybe before that okay so on this menu we're gonna select this utility and we're gonna click on continue so here we're gonna select our hard drive in my case it's a Oh studios and we're gonna click on first a sorry about the shaking was just doing real quick I know this is pretty fast but name select first 8 and then click run and that pretty much should solve the problem all you get to do is just learn finish close this window and restart the computer and then the problem should be fixed alright guys thanks for watching please like and subscribe my video and I'll see you next one bye bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @postmanlondon [4 likes]: Done all of that
  2. @MSM_Arranger [2 likes]: Why didn’t this video find me two years ago😔
  3. @thePresidentialTalks [1 likes]: ❤
  4. @MaximeThibodeau-m1m [1 likes]: If its not working still in disc utility can i restore instead on repair ?
  5. @cassiejo8438 [1 likes]: I wish you would speak slower 😅
  6. @2Santiago [1 likes]: What about on Mac mini late 2012, I have the same situation.
  7. @whycanieatsomuch2672 [1 likes]: For me it just showed a WiFi connection. And then I entered the password it’s just forever loading 😢😢😢
  8. @iansoelins [1 likes]: Didn’t work
  9. @mualanimessage [1 likes]: You are a god sent. Thank you so much for your work. You have saved people like me money. I hope you continue to have good days
  10. @rustyporter2022 [1 likes]: This doesn’t work on Mac mini (desktop). Also have a Logitech keyboard without a command key. (I tried control key and R key). 
Any suggestions?
  11. @johntu2051: Didn't work for my iMac desktop
  12. @ZazuKing1: Mine crashes at 1/3 booting up, nothing works, even when I try to do first aid it still crashes
  13. @Ruubieee: Its still not working i try 2 time, pls help asap!
  14. @cesarbadillo7629: Which button is the command button on a Windows keyboard?
  15. @Leahrk07: no menu is popping up when i hold down command R
  16. @brigitas9176: No matter how long I hold R pressed, this menu does not come up. Please help!
  17. @Halfe300: What if its not opening apps?
  18. @victoriamichaels302: I tried this but got a message that says it failed
  19. @Catalin-x5v: Does it delete What i have on nu mac
  20. @princeandrewperez8281: i tried it twice, the first time internal first aid failed but second didnt, but they both failed, im so close to actually getting stressed and panic

- Mac Mini M1 M2 m4 reset forgot password or hard reset: Kind: captions Language: en hey everyone else you have to pass the password how to reset it or you can do hard reset it's like completely wipe your Mac M1 if you forget your password here you can just reset it lightly just by changing password so I'll show you two ways how to bypass your password so there is a power button right here press and keep holding keep holding until you see this screen continue holding for startup options okay now you can release and keep waiting for this option screen key to come up keep waiting you don't have to do anything just wait okay and once you see this option takes to load sometimes or my mouse is looking up okay anyways we'll get there okay press continue once you get to this screen you go to Utilities in the top corner and then terminal and click here reset password and then press enter reset password press enter and then you'll have to pick whichever one you want to reset so you go right here you click whichever one you want to reset that's the easiest way to reset it so you click next and then we'll set the password you pick whichever one you want and then if you want to do hard reset and this mouse keeps playing around uh close this thing quit terminal then you go right here these futility erase the whole Mac click on this and then click erase okay once it's clean press done close this thing and reinstall Mac OS I always have this problem where the ones here in this the mouse doesn't work now you have to connect to internet to Wi-Fi once you connect it press John [Music] it takes a little bit of time to connect maybe I didn't press correct password okay I guess not correct forgot my password let's do it again okay once connected hopefully it's connected this time you press continue okay connected and it's gonna install new Mac OS your password everything is going to be gone so all data this way is going to be erased that's a hard reset so I agree and then install on one of the drives it could take like up to like half an hour or one hour depends on your internet I don't know it's showing three hours it usually takes like 15 to 20 minutes so now just wait it's gonna be pretty much looks like new once it's installed thanks for watching if you like this video please like And subscribe for more videos and bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @Headless2091 [1 likes]: Trash video
  2. @b-desig [1 likes]: do this way works for 2018??
  3. @liltuffstuff [1 likes]: The baby crying, is fucking UNSETTLING.
  4. @kaytoca-skywalker8909: I'm extremely concerned about the baby crying. I hear no other adult attending to that child. You just go on with this video.
  5. @RabeelAnwar-r9h: This works even if there is an apple id on the mac ?
  6. @kp_d1: What about icloud lock?
  7. @Hashtag73pro: Yhask❤❤
  8. @judeapps: Thank you
  9. @BlueDotPaw: Thankyou Thankyou Thankyou soooo muchhh.. God bless you ❤
  10. @jatinderpalsingh4182: But I couldn’t plz hepl
  11. @shoaibmansuri829: i am not getting any of the options, no terminal no, macos install. It's icloud locked
  12. @tticoat: „Hard reset“ means You lose all Your data 😮?
  13. @gudvibesrecords: Thank you 🙏
  14. @giolangumas: Thank God for your video
  15. @musicomarc6129: Technique did not work on Mac mini 2014. Thanks anyway anyways.
  16. @FerdinandEllronson: Thanks bro real life saver
  17. @rexalvidera: Thank you so much....almost i give up on this 😅. Million thanks ❤
  18. @GPesante1: El peor video de la historia😂
  19. @SalvatorePerla: Works! Thanks much!
  20. @SalvatorePerla: Not exact match to video, but still worked for me… US Mini 4, July 2025.

- External Drive Not Showing Up On Mac - Easy Fix: Kind: captions Language: en so you plugged in your external hard drive but it's nowhere to be seen on your Mac here's a couple of things to try first hide all applications and look for this little prompt here it's a security feature that requires you to give the accessory permission to connect to your Mac I've noticed if you have a lot of applications and windows open this prompt can sometimes get hidden behind your active Windows sometimes I also run into an issue where the prompt quickly flashes on my screen like this and disappears before I see it or before I can click it when that happens unplug your drive and plug it back in you may need to repeat that a couple of times before the popup remains on screen long enough for you to click it don't ask me why got to be a bug with the recent Mac OS versions if that didn't help or if you don't see that popup it's time to open your dis utility sometimes Mac OS will recognize the drive but leave it unmounted look for any grade out volumes on the side here I can instantly see my drive is here but it's currently not mounted so to access the drive I can manually mount it these will usually fix drives not showing up if you're still having issues it's time to check your cable connections to make sure there's no issues there also check the ports on your computer or try a different port if you're using adapters make sure that's not the issue and if your drive uses an external power source make make sure the power cord is connected and the drive is powered on

  Top Comments:
  1. @VSL_babyface [2 likes]: how come everyone assume it pops up on disk utility?
  2. @euphonycds: Great video, straight to the point. Thank you!
  3. @invincibleviz: Mine will not mount, it gives an error code
  4. @Realtor.Grewal: Thank you so much. You are a lifesaver. This totally worked.
  5. @jordanhoon: Thank you!
  6. @jamestomkinson8474: Legend!

- Now You Can’t Buy the M4 Mac Mini (What Changed?): Kind: captions Language: en A few months ago, I made a video about the M4 Mac Mini and I was pushing back on the narrative that they were selling out due to AI. I was agreeing that they got really popular because of the price point, but not that they were selling out. Fast forward a few months, now things actually have changed. It is really hard to get your hands on an M4 Mac Mini, especially if you're looking at Amazon, even direct from Apple. So, what's changed? A few months ago, if you needed a Mac Mini, you could go to Amazon, order one, and it would be here overnight in South Florida. Walk into an Apple Store, Best Buy, they were really easy to get, but that's all changed, especially right now here in the end of March, almost the beginning of April in 2026. When this first happened, there was a lot of noise online that you couldn't get the Mac anywhere and that they were flying off the shelves. And it was true that a lot of people were purchasing the M4 Mac Mini for AI purposes. Did a whole video on it, if you haven't seen it, I'll leave a link in the description below. At the time, the whole push felt a little bit like hype, but there was some truth behind it. In areas like California, the available stock was starting to tighten. People were starting to catch on to how small, powerful, and affordable the M4 Mac Mini was. Fast forward to now and we're in a completely different situation. Now we're [clears throat] at the point where the discounts Amazon was providing on the Mac Mini disappeared and it's not just the base model. It's any configuration of the Mac Mini, even if you go to Apple direct, you're still waiting to get one. Pushing out delivery for weeks. So, things are starting to get real here. Now, a lot of this is happening because of the AI boom. A lot of people want to run models locally on their machine. It all started because of the base model, but now the demand has spread across all configurations because people just want to get their hands on the Mac Mini. Developers and teams are buying these in batches and reducing their reliance on cloud costs. But another factor is that the M4 Mac Mini isn't a new machine anymore. It's been out for around a year and a half and recently we saw the launch of a lot of new M5 machines from Apple. In addition to that, we saw the release of the MacBook Neo, which is sitting at around the same price of the M4 Mac Mini, but it is a laptop, a little bit less powerful, and not quite aimed towards the same market. One of the things that could be going on is due to the shortage in RAM, memory, computer parts in general, Apple could be slowing down on production of the M4 Mac Mini. And that could also be due to the fact that the Mac Mini is due for an upgrade as all the other machines got to the M5 version. So, may we see an M5 Mac Mini coming out sometime soon as well? Also, due to the rising costs as discussed, we may see an increase in price on the M5 Mac Mini. It may not be $599 anymore. It could go up $100, $200. I'm not quite sure, but there could be a change in strategy to make the MacBook Neo not just the cheapest Mac Book, but the cheapest Mac in Apple's entire lineup. One of the things that would be interesting to see is if Apple also changes the base storage of the cheapest Mac Mini and brings that to 512 GB just like they did with the MacBook Air. With my M4 Mac Mini, I did buy the base model back when it first came out, so I did upgrade the internal SSD to a third-party kit, which was a 2 TB kit. And that has taken a hit and a price increase as well. So, I will be doing a video talking about my experience with this whole upgrade to 2 TB because now it's a much bigger question to do it than it was back in the day cuz the prices have gone up. You do have to open up your Mac Mini, but if Apple increases the storage on the M5 Mac Mini to 512 GB, I think there may be a lot of people who, since it's a desktop machine, may be okay with keeping the machine where it's at at 512 gigs and not doing things like the third-party SSD upgrade. That all being said, I do stand by what I said in the last video, things have just changed and the demand is real for the M4 Mac Mini here at the end of March, beginning of April in 2026. It'll be interesting to see where things go. But I have a question for you. Have you tried to buy one recently? Are you running into delays? What do you plan on using the Mac Mini for? Let me know all that and more in the comments below. And if you got knowledge and value out of today's video, please make sure to hit that like, subscribe, and notification bell to keep up to date with the latest videos on the channel. And until next time, my name is Jeff Fagan. Thank you for joining me as always and I will catch you in the next video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @SaltyRice808 [1 likes]: The costco here in hawaii have them in stock for $579 base model
  2. @sturock2000: I just had to buy a macbook pro with the M5 15 core CPU 24GB RAM.  Apple is saying 10-12 Weeks.  Sweetwater is claiming a restock in June.  There are no Mac desktops one can buy as of right now.  I needed one for Audio Production.
  3. @johnsaras1: They don’t even offer 64gb ram on the Mac mini now. I was waiting for the M5 to drop and then pick up the M4 at a discount. Probably not going to to happen now. Was wanting one for recording studio
  4. @frazerweb: I just bought a used m4 mac mini, and found it hard to find one. As for memory my 8tb nvme has doubled in price and would cost more than a mac mini pro to buy again.
  5. @davidrucker1000: 15 May, Thailand Studio store. Basic M4 taking orders, 3-4 MONTHS! wait time. Not aware of 512 upgrade.
  6. @pnachtwey: They are impossible to get in Panama.
  7. @davykelly3053: I did the aftermarket upgrade to 2Tb on my M4 Mac mini, it was worth every penny
  8. @vancenichols9490: I plan to use my new Mini for music production. I’m not able to get an M4 now due to a “drought” in the market of such. Waiting for M5 to come out and will order as soon as they are available.
  9. @DmitrySF: Base model is sold out everywhere. New model will probably be announced on WWDC26 and it'll have 512GB base storage. And the price will go up by $100-200.
  10. @slawomirgromadzki8669: I hate mac os, so many functional problems that are unfixable. Im about to give up and return from mac mini m4 to win11.
  11. @jeffreyfritz5866: I bought a Mac Mini M4 (base model) from B&H. It was In stock in late April 2026. It will replace a Windows 10 PC. 4:23
  12. @RobertSimon-sl1hi: In Costco u can find
  13. @georgegiorgio: I need 8 x Mac Mini w/ 64GB RAM and 2TB SSD, can't wait for Apple to launch the refresh soon enough!
  14. @TedKnecht: I got my Mac Mini to replace my 27" iMac. 32" BenQ monitor is a bonus.
  15. @sunshine48213: i kept going back on best buy to get my 256gb now a few weeks later i did it again for the 512 and finally got one getting it delivered this week will be taking the 599 back
  16. @PrestoMoto02: You can’t get them at all from Apple anymore
  17. @DrivingBikesNRidingCars: For those looking, Microcenter seems to have a huge stock of them (in store only).   I just purchased one today, albeit the 256GB model and they had 20+ in stock.   The microcenter guy I was discussing with, said they get a bunch of those as opposed to some of the other models of Apple products.
  18. @shespeaks3834: As of today, Apple does not have the Mac mini M4 Pro chip and says unavailable!!!
  19. @rickdeckard9810: Wait a few months till the Mac Mini M5 comes out then we'll see how many want to sell their M4s for cheap.
  20. @jneale5204: I have the base model which I bought back in Febuaury and I bought an external SSD for extra storage. I am a student at Liberty University Online.

- M4 Mac Mini (Base) vs M4 Pro Mac Mini: What 5 Months of Use Taught Me!: Kind: captions Language: en-GB there's definitely something about the underdog&nbsp; story isn't there two tiny little boxes that cost&nbsp;&nbsp; half the price of most high-end computers yet&nbsp; since their launch week after week they held&nbsp;&nbsp; their ground editing 4K footage composing music&nbsp; training AI models not bad at all for what Apple&nbsp;&nbsp; calls a mini after months now of realworld usage&nbsp; pushing both the M4 and the M4 Pro Mac Minis to&nbsp;&nbsp; their limits today I'm finally sharing the full&nbsp; story not just benchmarks but how they actually&nbsp;&nbsp; feel in day-to-day use and yes what I would do&nbsp; differently if I had to buy them all over again&nbsp;&nbsp; this is my long-term review of the M4 Mac Minis&nbsp; it's finally time for my long-term review of the&nbsp;&nbsp; M4 and the M4 Pro Mac Minis while they haven't&nbsp; replaced my daily driver which is still my M1 Max&nbsp;&nbsp; MacBook Pro these little machines have seriously&nbsp; impressed me from day one and still impressed me&nbsp;&nbsp; on a weekly basis as well today I'll show you&nbsp; exactly how it's held up and also give you an&nbsp;&nbsp; update on whether or not I regret not upgrading&nbsp; the memory and storage on them and also where the&nbsp;&nbsp; base model might still make sense even today for&nbsp; you i'm Alex and I do down to earth tech videos&nbsp;&nbsp; apple may not be right with their Apple&nbsp; intelligence efforts recently or the iPhone&nbsp;&nbsp; and the iPad you know there's a few things that&nbsp; they're not really doing right in my opinion but&nbsp;&nbsp; when it comes to value for money on compute&nbsp; and the Mac Mini they really nailed it i've&nbsp;&nbsp; been using this for video editing testing Blender&nbsp; renders you know heavy files in there Logic Pro&nbsp;&nbsp; sessions as well not myself but learning from the&nbsp; community here and wait for it LLM work as well&nbsp;&nbsp; not just downloading a model and playing with it&nbsp; but actually doing some advanced work at least&nbsp;&nbsp; advanced for me i'm still learning very much a&nbsp; noob in this area but I can perform fine tuning&nbsp;&nbsp; in fairly large language models with just the&nbsp; 24 gig of RAM on the M4 Pro model here which is&nbsp;&nbsp; insane to do something like that on such a tiny&nbsp; bit of compute it it it boggles my mind compute&nbsp;&nbsp; these days is just becoming insane and the Mac&nbsp; Mini is another great example of that when it&nbsp;&nbsp; comes to heavy lifting work and real world tasks&nbsp; as well over the last few months the M4 Pro Mac&nbsp;&nbsp; Mini really has tackled everything from complex&nbsp; Blender scenes to extensive video edits like the&nbsp;&nbsp; one you're watching right now it's not the most&nbsp; complex video but there's layers and layers of&nbsp;&nbsp; 4K and multiple effects that I'm adding in here&nbsp; honestly like color grading and things as well the&nbsp;&nbsp; performance has actually exceeded my expectations&nbsp; in in ways that I never expect editing multiple&nbsp;&nbsp; layers of 4K 4K 60 fps as well you know log&nbsp; footage it handled it brilliantly and of course&nbsp;&nbsp; that's a cliche for for us here on YouTube to talk&nbsp; about how great video editing is not everyone edit&nbsp;&nbsp; videos right which is why I I made sure to go&nbsp; through I mean I probably aged about 10 years the&nbsp;&nbsp; last three weeks learning Python learning Logic&nbsp; Pro and you my viewers have really helped me here&nbsp;&nbsp; you know you sent me your projects you you gave me&nbsp; tips and things that I could actually use to learn&nbsp;&nbsp; and to implement and actually do real testing so&nbsp; um we went beyond video editing and sure when it&nbsp;&nbsp; comes to video editing export times are a bit&nbsp; slower on the Mac Mini than in my beefed up M1&nbsp;&nbsp; Max MacBook Pro but editing itself feels extremely&nbsp; smooth and lag-free is something that yeah still&nbsp;&nbsp; surprises me even today all my thirdparty plugins&nbsp; work with it as well the kind of 3D effects and&nbsp;&nbsp; things like that and Logic Pro is probably been&nbsp; the most impressive things to do especially when&nbsp;&nbsp; it comes to the M4 Pro chip has been very similar&nbsp; thanks to the community here I learned enough to&nbsp;&nbsp; get a large project on you know going there and&nbsp; 300 I think I did like 250 to 300 tracks that&nbsp;&nbsp; seemed to have been the limitation on the M4 Pro&nbsp; on that cheaper version you can get up to about&nbsp;&nbsp; 200 tracks complex tracks with lots of third party&nbsp; plugins in there as well honestly it it's insane&nbsp;&nbsp; you know you can really be productive creative at&nbsp; a level that surpasses what the mini uh should be&nbsp;&nbsp; doing from music production in Logic Pro i don't&nbsp; know Logic Pro itself has this weird behavior in&nbsp;&nbsp; how he uh uses the performance cores and the&nbsp; efficiency cores but despite that weirdness&nbsp;&nbsp; uh to be able to work on such crazy projects&nbsp; is nothing short of amazing to me and I know&nbsp;&nbsp; you know learning from you that there are projects&nbsp; that go way beyond what I'm trying here but what&nbsp;&nbsp; I'm trying here wasn't uh entry level you know&nbsp; so I think yeah it's definitely impressive for&nbsp;&nbsp; a lot of people including you know real pros out&nbsp; there and talking about optimization spring is&nbsp;&nbsp; here and it's that time of the year where you&nbsp; want to do some spring cleaning and thanks to&nbsp;&nbsp; today's sponsors Clean My Mac that's exactly what&nbsp; we did with my Mac here too much Mac clutter means&nbsp;&nbsp; creativity sometimes it can struggle to find a&nbsp; nice space right to be creative and productive&nbsp;&nbsp; with Clean My Macs all new smart dashboard you get&nbsp; a clear real-time view of your Mac's performance&nbsp;&nbsp; and health not just a Mac Mini but any Mac the my&nbsp; clutter feature effortlessly clears duplicates and&nbsp;&nbsp; clean up remove system cache development junk and&nbsp; any unnecessary files that you know will basically&nbsp;&nbsp; free up space for your ideas and keep your Mac&nbsp; running nicely as well you know what I really&nbsp;&nbsp; like about this as well is how clean the interface&nbsp; is and how friendly it is to to use really nice&nbsp;&nbsp; it's very Appleike in my Mac Mini case this is&nbsp; extremely important especially for the base model&nbsp;&nbsp; options that I went for here right they don't have&nbsp; a lot of storage so every space on our internal&nbsp;&nbsp; SSD needs to be kept you know for essentials only&nbsp; not junk and very much like the Mac Mini there's&nbsp;&nbsp; some really good value here because you also get&nbsp; Moon Lock which is an anti-malware engine which&nbsp;&nbsp; means you can instantly remove threats keeping&nbsp; your Mac not just clean but very secure as well&nbsp;&nbsp; and just like traditional spring cleaning at home&nbsp; having a clutter-free Mac means you get into your&nbsp;&nbsp; mood for creativity and productivity much more&nbsp; easily with Clean My Mac you can reclaim not just&nbsp;&nbsp; your digital space but your mental clarity as&nbsp; well and here's some great news for you you can&nbsp;&nbsp; try Clean My Mac free for 7 days and use my code&nbsp; Alex Gear for 20% off keep your Mac tidy and let&nbsp;&nbsp; your ideas breathe and thanks so much Clean My&nbsp; Mac for sponsoring this video right a quick note&nbsp;&nbsp; on the base model Mac Mini this has been so good&nbsp; for us here in the studio that I actually ended&nbsp;&nbsp; up getting another one for my home my wife loves&nbsp; it and it's been perfect to replace her old laptop&nbsp;&nbsp; she had a HP laptop which has been okay for emails&nbsp; and browsing but it it was the time to kind of you&nbsp;&nbsp; know get something a little bit better for the&nbsp; price it remains one of the best value Macs I've&nbsp;&nbsp; not just max but computers I've ever recommended&nbsp; another key insight that you know I can share in&nbsp;&nbsp; this 3 months is that you know it's still true&nbsp; that you don't want to spend more money than&nbsp;&nbsp; needed on internal storage upgrades using external&nbsp; SSDs through Thunderbolt 5 has been fantastic on&nbsp;&nbsp; the M4 Pro much cheaper faster in some cases and&nbsp; more versatile as well because you know this is&nbsp;&nbsp; the Thunderbolt 5 for Maces here it's incredible&nbsp; you know they're more easily available now and a&nbsp;&nbsp; few months ago they were quite hard to find&nbsp; but no need for tools it's got a Thunderbolt&nbsp;&nbsp; 5 cable as well that comes with it and you&nbsp; can open it by hand i bet I can't right now&nbsp;&nbsp; just yeah you can do it by hand and I've got here&nbsp; a 4 terbte let me just show you a 4 TB SSD an NVME&nbsp;&nbsp; SSD here from Lexar honestly that's all I need&nbsp; and that's got pretty much my production work&nbsp;&nbsp; this is not just back up this is I can edit&nbsp; videos photos whatever from here really fast more importantly I can share this with my MacBook&nbsp; Pro as well and have my projects here at home&nbsp;&nbsp; doesn't matter where it is traveling here on 4&nbsp; terb in my pocket almost and if you have the base&nbsp;&nbsp; model Mac Mini then Thunderbolt 5 is not going to&nbsp; do much for you but there's also same same company&nbsp;&nbsp; they do similar things again no tools required&nbsp; this one here is a two terbte a different SSD&nbsp;&nbsp; but similar sort of concept you can add these by&nbsp; hand absolute lifesavers surprisingly gaming on&nbsp;&nbsp; the Mac Mini Pro has been a blast all the Mac&nbsp; Mini the base model as well i actually tried&nbsp;&nbsp; uh Cyberpunk 2077 via Crossover shockingly how&nbsp; playable it was and Resident Evil 4 as well&nbsp;&nbsp; which is a you know more natively run it It works&nbsp; like a dream macs aren't gaming rigs yet let's&nbsp;&nbsp; not pretend that you can you know replace your&nbsp; gaming rig with this but they're getting closer&nbsp;&nbsp; they're getting you know casual gaming at least&nbsp; is now genuinely enjoyable on the Max is the M4&nbsp;&nbsp; Pro worth it though after months of extensive use&nbsp; here's the thing if your workflow involves large&nbsp;&nbsp; projects intense multitasking and I'm not talking&nbsp; just 20 tabs on Chrome you know I'm talking 50 or&nbsp;&nbsp; more tabs open whilst having two or three hefty&nbsp; apps in the background like Lightroom Photoshop&nbsp;&nbsp; you know some creative apps that are you know&nbsp; taking a lot of memory for those creative heavy&nbsp;&nbsp; lifting like vid video editing as well and AI work&nbsp; or large scale audio production the M4 Pro Mac&nbsp;&nbsp; Mini is absolutely worth the extra cost i wouldn't&nbsp; recommend the base model for that with the caveat&nbsp;&nbsp; that you know you got to be careful because if you&nbsp; go with the M4 Pro and you start upgrading the RAM&nbsp;&nbsp; and storage on this then you start entering Mac&nbsp; Studio price territory and I don't know M2 Mac&nbsp;&nbsp; studio me and I haven't tested this yet but my&nbsp; gut feel is that for most applications that you&nbsp;&nbsp; know most applications that are like creative apps&nbsp; like video editing um photo editing they they rely&nbsp;&nbsp; a lot on memory and even LLM work so you know an&nbsp; M2 Max Studio with say 64 gig of RAM i still think&nbsp;&nbsp; that would be a much better purchase for that you&nbsp; know he heavier uh use case than any Mac Mini with&nbsp;&nbsp; 24 or 32 gig of RAM i could be wrong but that's my&nbsp; gut feel i wouldn't go crazy putting a lot of RAM&nbsp;&nbsp; and storage on these i know some people are doing&nbsp; that and I'm sure it will work fine but I still&nbsp;&nbsp; think you get more cores more kind of footprint&nbsp; in there for cooling as well on the studio i might&nbsp;&nbsp; actually get the M2 Max Studio just to test this&nbsp; theory but anyway if you're looking for a portable&nbsp;&nbsp; Mac Mini setup as well definitely check my video&nbsp; on that i had a lot of fun actually taking this&nbsp;&nbsp; into the wild so if you want to do like camping&nbsp; or just go off grid for a while you could argue&nbsp;&nbsp; it's is it practical or just plain fun i certainly&nbsp; had fun creating that but yeah worth worth having&nbsp;&nbsp; a look at it but whether or not it's useful I'll&nbsp; leave that to you to watch that video as always&nbsp;&nbsp; your feedback shapes these reviews i'm so thankful&nbsp; to all your input on this i mean I'm actually I&nbsp;&nbsp; owe you more videos on the Mac Mini because&nbsp; there's been so much engagement so many people&nbsp;&nbsp; subscribe to the channel for these videos so um&nbsp; yeah unfortunately I'm still by myself here you&nbsp;&nbsp; know I've got very little help but I genuinely&nbsp; appreciate your support and I will be doing&nbsp;&nbsp; more videos this month alone for example over&nbsp; 6,000 people subscribe to this channel this&nbsp;&nbsp; is a real nice boost for this channel and it&nbsp; doesn't go unnoticed it's Saturday night and&nbsp;&nbsp; I've just this is the third video I'm recording&nbsp; today your engagement is what keeps me inspired&nbsp;&nbsp; and keeps me going even on a on a time where I&nbsp; could be sat on the sofa playing my PlayStation&nbsp;&nbsp; if there are other tests that you like to see&nbsp; or you know any questions that you have about&nbsp;&nbsp; the Mac Mini drop them in the comments i love&nbsp; engaging with you here and uh thank you so much&nbsp;&nbsp; see you soon [Music] ain't enough days in the week&nbsp; for us to kiss we are explorers seek them higher

  Top Comments:
  1. @marwenbenhadj6878 [86 likes]: Saying the M4 Mac mini is only good for browsing and light tasks is insane. I am using it as a full workstation, doing 4K video editing, 3D work, and running almost every app at the same time, and it still handles everything effortlessly.
  2. @AlexGTech [51 likes]: It’s not often I say this… but Apple actually delivered great value here. 😅
Credit where it’s due—the M4 Mac Minis (both base and Pro) have been the best bang-for-buck computing tech I’ve used in the past year. Whether it’s Blender 3D, 4K editing, Logic Pro madness, or even AI model fine-tuning… they’ve handled it all. I did find the breaking point for them, but it took some doing! 🥵

✨Keep your Mac tidy with CleanMyMac.
Try it free for 7 days and use my code ALEXGEAR for 20% off!
👉 https://clnmy.com/ALEXGEAR

Let me know how you're using your Mac Mini below ⬇ Would love to hear your setup!
  3. @shushu7574 [1 likes]: I cannot understand most of what you are says. Please articulate better in future. Thank you.
  4. @archietipsandtricks349 [1 likes]: I’m currently using a Mac mini M4 base model with 512GB of internal storage, 24GB of RAM, and a 2TB external SSD. I prefer this setup because my work primarily focuses on graphic design—using Photoshop, InDesign, and Illustrator—as well as light video editing in Adobe Premiere Pro and After Effects (no heavy effects).

For this type of workload, the Mac mini base model runs smoothly and efficiently. I can comfortably open and use Photoshop, InDesign, Illustrator, and short Premiere Pro projects (around 15 minutes, with light effects) alongside Chrome and Safari without any performance issues. Since I don’t handle demanding tasks like 3D rendering or complex, high-end video production, the base M4 model fits my workflow perfectly.

When comparing the M4 Pro vs. the M4 base model, it really depends on the user’s workflow, priorities, and how demanding their tasks are. Some people may need the extra power of the M4 Pro, while others—like me—can work comfortably with the base model because it already meets their performance requirements.
  5. @robertbytnar6394: Yes, I will wait breathlessly for the M5 Pro a add internal file storage for the long term use. ❤❤
  6. @mrbigtime81: got an m5 air laptop. is it powerful than Mac mini m4? what bout m4 pro? thank you.
  7. @nohype-ai: For local AI agents, memory (model size) is FAR more important than cores/speed.
So the Pro with 64 GB seems to be a good deal for that.
  8. @mrright1068: If your going camping.... Unplug, leave the electronics behind.
  9. @Simon1217-d3e: the internal SSD speed on the M4 Pro is twice the M4.
the thunderbolt speed (external SSDs) on the M4 Pro is twice the M4
if you edit large files  (20 minute uncompressed 4K/60fps) frequently, get the M4 Pro
Personally, I would wait for the M5 Pro ... Summer 2026
  10. @waaskoop: great video thanks
  11. @disabilityisallinyourmind: Can You install also applications in external HD ora just for data?  thanks
  12. @MassiZ8: Nope! Totally disagree with you. I'm editing and colour grading while traveling my 4k, 10 bit video material with the most basic MacBook Air M4 and I have no issues whatsoever. I even use an 8 years old external HDD for video and audio folders and even the timeline runs as smooth as butter. Only rendering sometimes slows down, but the basic M4 is otherwise an incredible, little piece of technology that deserves far more credit.
  13. @mjrisinsd6836: The problem here is that we accept the benchmarks these influencers tell us about what makes the computer good vs. not good. We should be judging all Macs relative to historical specs and upgradability, but none of these influencers will ever do that because then Apple’s scam will be exposed. ALL Macs are overpriced for what you get in terms of upgradability and also RAM and SSD capacity.
  14. @zbyleq: Got M4 mini. It was swaping. Besides that fact it was ok. Now i m on Mac Studio and its a beast.
  15. @Spidouz: 1:00 Interesting, I also have a M1 Max Macbook Pro that I still love and I was wondering how the M4 or M4 Pro compare to the M1 Max, mainly for music tasks such as Logic Pro, CPU hungry plugins and large sample libraries, etc…
  16. @comfynlux5695: Should I replace my mini m1 with a mini m4?
  17. @akoded: which accessories would you recommend? Should I get the magic trackpad or just the regular mouse will do?
  18. @ExternalInputs: Keep in mind the English language is awash with adjectives to describe good, better and excellent. Americans tend to misuse insane and crazy as substitutes for proper English, as their education system is below third world level.
  19. @YeahYaRiteTV: Great video but need to upgrade and I been watching most of your videos on Mac mini I’m on a budget here I have a 2013 Mac book that out of date so need a new Mac but I can’t go wrong with purchasing the base Mac mini M4 with logic and may some editing for my new YouTube just want some reassurance before I purchase have like $900 budget
  20. @Igor-t9f5o: Thanks for the video. Very informative.

- Why Build a Pi Cluster? | Should you build a cluster? | Raspberry Pi 5 Cluster.: Kind: captions Language: en have you ever wondered what is a pie cluster or why would anyone bother building one well today I'm going to try to answer those questions by setting up a piie cluster for my home lab I'm going to go over the pros and cons of piie clusters and discuss some of the software that you can run on a cluster that you might want for your home so a cluster is just a series of computers working together to solve a problem modern computers are quite powerful by themselves but there will always be a limit to how much computing power you can get from a single processor networking multiple computers together into a cluster allows you to continue to scale your system performance this is why the largest super computers in the world are clusters as of this recording the largest superc computer in the world is Frontier it has over 9,000 AMD epic CPUs with over 37,000 gpus and cost around $600 million us many of us don't have millions of dollars to spend on a supercomputer nor the opportunity to even access one this is where raspberry pies come in handy they offer an affordable solution for cluster Computing at home pie clusters were introduced soon after the first Raspberry Pi was launched back in 2012 the early pie clusters were largely used for academic purposes in the growing field of parallel processing which involves optimizing algorithms by breaking them down into smaller operations that can then be run on separate threads at the same time they were especially useful in the subfield of distributed computing where a workload is broken up to to be run on separate computers at the same time back then there weren't a lot of CPUs that had multiple cores one of the few consumer CPUs was the Intel Core 2 Duo which still only had two cores as the name implies and could only handle two threads at a time to work on larger problems other Solutions had to be explored pie clusters became a cheap affordable solution for experimenting with parallel or distributed algorithms you only needed a cluster with three pies to beat the latest consumer Intel processors in terms of number of threads modern processors however can include a large number of cores a single AMD epic processor can have 64 cores and support 128 threads the latest Raspberry Pi 5 only supports four threads at a time which means that you would need 32 pies in a cluster in order to equal the same number of threads software options for pie cluster were limited and often required writing your own code using low-level apis such as MPI fortunately since pie clusters were first introduced a lot of open- source software has been released that can turn a pie cluster into a useful and practical addition to your home lab modern pie clusters are often set up with a combination of kubernetes and Docker Docker is a system for packaging and executing an application in a container a container stores all the libraries and dependencies that an application needs to run separate from the ones installed on your OS this allows an application to be executed on a new computer without the need for a setup or installation process kubernetes is a containerized application orchestration system it will decide which application needs to run and on which system in the cluster by using applications already packaged in containers you can add or update an application on the cluster without having to install anything new on the pies themselves so you may be asking yourself why bother with containerizing applications and setting up a cluster of P when I could just run the applications that I need directly on a single server the main advantage that a piie cluster has over a single server is redundancy I can remove a pie from a cluster apply any software updates or fix any configuration issues and re add the pie back to the cluster without affecting the software running on the cluster redundancy is very important for industrial applications but may not be as important for small home lab setups applying updates to my home server using doesn't take too long and the only person that it affects is me so again why would anyone bother building a pie cluster Pi clusters are still very effective teaching tools if you are an engineering student or otherwise working on polishing up your resume piie clusters are a great tool to gain professional experience in modern software development strategies you can use these same open-source software Stacks that big companies use only at a much smaller scale with a little practice you can talk confidently about Docker C kubernetes grafana Argo and so much more during your next job interview but for most of us we do it because we can is a great way to test your technical skills and it allows you to show off how you can solve simple problems using overly complicated Solutions you don't need that much to start building a pi cluster all you need is two or more pies of any generation with power supplies and a switch clusters can be extended with a number of different pie hats or USB devices some common options are to add a USB hard drive or an m.2 hat to support an SSD there are also a number of free 3D printable cluster cases available online I added Poe hats to my piis so that I could power them from a Poe switch and mounted them in a 3D printed rack mounted case that supports up to six pies one of my pies has a coral AI Google TPU installed so that the cluster can support AI applications if you don't want to build your own software and containerize it yourself there are a number of online Registries for containers including dockerhub so finding open source applications to run can be easy now I'm not going to go over every application that you may want to run but there are a few common ones that you may want to consider the first one is Gana it is a highly configurable interactive analytics visualization web application you can use it to view real-time data on a customizable UI it has built-in plugins for pulling in data from a wide variety of data sources that it can use to populate userdefined dashboards the dashboards can be created and edited through a simple and easy to use UI you can select the type of graph that you want to create from the right hand side then you can select the data source and the metrics from that data source that you want to view you can also choose any filters or operations that you want to apply to the data if you have data storage attached to at least one of your pies you may want to consider launching a database server two popular options are post gry and mongodb they are often used in other apps such as grafana and they are easy to set up if you want to create your own web applications now if you plan to use your pie cluster for app development a great option is Argo it helps automate the deployment of apps on a kubernetes cluster you can create an accessible code repository with the necessary kubernetes config files on GitHub Argo can then be set up to read those configurations and install them on a cluster Argo can be notified when the code repository changes so that may pull the latest configurations and push them to kubernetes and keep the cluster up to date I hope this gave you a better idea of what is a pie cluster why would one build one and how it can be used if you have any other questions about pie clusters please leave a comment below if you like this video or found it helpful please give me a like and don't forget to subscribe for future content thanks for watching

  Top Comments:
  1. @deputy_vortexx9623 [18 likes]: I want to build a cluster but I can’t find a good reason to build one
  2. @Lis10inc [8 likes]: I’m working on a hybrid cluster myself for physics and a bunch of other simulations I’ve run. Kunernetes was hard 💯🔥
  3. @_specialneeds [7 likes]: Clusters=impressing people.
  4. @redstone_geniuslol9620 [4 likes]: 3:43 you just got to tell the system that pi is being removed, doing so unexpectedly will destroy everything on that pi, all data and processing power not saved will be completely lost
  5. @scottforbes0 [3 likes]: For simple jobs, RPis offer improved performance per Watt. Especially when you compare older server hardware.
  6. @jaspersanchez7606 [2 likes]: love this video!
  7. @GottenBeet43366 [2 likes]: hey I have a question, in your pi cluster what's the performance comparable to?
  8. @SipeedLab [2 likes]: Maybe you can try NanoCluster! super compact cluster in the size of a can!
  9. @jcorey333 [1 likes]: 6:47 - I have literally never heard anybody pronounce "postgresql" as "post-gray". 

Overall, I think the best line in your video is that it is an overly complicated solution to simple problems lol.
  10. @StefanBodin [1 likes]: I love seeing experiments like this, a bit expensive maybe if you set up a large cluster, but I would like to see an experiment with a PC and a Nvidia GPU card because it's 
thousands to millions of times faster than a Raspberry Pi.
  11. @snowmansully4053 [1 likes]: Could i run android emulators on each cluster and how many emulators could i run on each cluster
  12. @GhostSenshi: Still really on the fence to do something like this.  The nerd in me just doesn't care and tells me to do it because it is cool and awesome.  However my wallet says, look you have too many hobbies and you're spread thin, so you don't have enough cushion to go and do this.  This forces me into a corner to find something absolutely useful in order to warrant actually going ahead with this.  What has me close to deciding, is cloud services for friends and family. I'm already set up for it to do things for myself, using a single pi5 as my connector, but to add redundancy and expand it for multiple users would make it worth while.  Question is, what kind of cloud service would actually utilize it and be optimized for it?  Idk that cloud storage benefits all that much, or that a cluster optimizes high data video streaming either.
  13. @kuzco7061: Wait one thing I didn't understand: HOW did you power all the PIs? Like, do you have 6 different power cables connected at all times?
  14. @CaboLabsHealthInformatics: Anyway you created a set of individual computers, not really a cluster, since there is no shared job to complete, each computer is running their own thing and not really talking with the other computers for shared talks.
  15. @DylanMorisson: 600 million?  Let me check my jacket pocket...
  16. @kurt120032002: just a question since I never used any type of cluster before.  Can I have a number of SBCs like Pi or Zimaboard each with storage, and have storage server over a unified pool of storage units, and can I monitor the health status of individual HDDs? 
Why I would go for this is because it would be easier to upgrade storage in the future. Instead of Byuing a new NAS, just add a nu computer with higher storage to the pool,  and  take out one with lower storage capacity and not move all that data around .
  17. @tommytigerpants: It's just overkill for a homelab. It can be done, but should it be done (beyond learning?). I've setup, torn down, and re-setup a k3s cluster with 5 Pis about 8 times. The value over single Pi deployments is minimal if anything, however the complexity overhead is significant. Crashloop backoff...
  18. @ich_bin_hauptmann: i would like to know how to set up a hpc cluster. i wanna deligate one task so that every pc process a part of it to make the process faster. how does it work and how to set it up for example with proxmox?
  19. @welcometotheriftboss399: your explanation is awesome  keep going
  20. @JFC-motomoto: Thanks a lot for the explanation

- We made the Mac mini ACTUALLY mini!: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] back when apple introduced apple silicon at wwdc 2020 they also launched a dtk a developer transition kit so the devs the makers of your favorite apps could move those applications away from intel to arm now the dtk was kind of a weird rigmarole of hardware it was an a12z ipad processor inside of a mac mini chassis which frankly seemed like the perfect case to use in the interim at least you know before unveiling the real apple silicon computers however when the m1 computers debuted later that year the mac mini retained its same form factor the same case that it had used since 2010. now make no mistake the new mac mini was powerful and packed a major punch compared to its predecessor but when compared to the fanless macbook air that had that same m1 chip well many people figured that apple could have done better now there's a variety of reasons as to why they might have retained the same form factor it could have been to set an impressive benchmark for the new apple silicon using you know a case that we're all familiar with or it could have been that just redesigning a low volume product like the mac mini wasn't worth it especially considering that the mac mini's main customers the education and enterprise market have spent a lot of money accommodating a now 12 year old design maybe it was just as simple as wanting to wait for a complete redesign say 2022 whatever the reason i've wanted to see if i could reduce the footprint of this machine for well over a year so let's open it to find out if we can but not before i open this segway to our sponsor aura i've been an aura customer for six months now and i am in love with this product it's this normal looking high-end ring i even replaced my cartier wedding band with it but it's jam-packed with tech from heart rate to advanced temperature sensors the ring tracks your vitals accurately and consistently though it monitors you during the day and during fitness i love how well it tracks my sleep look i'm not about to fall asleep with a stupid smart watch attached to my arm and even if i didn't mind doing that well aura just frankly does a better job than anything else out on the market anyways it tracks my heart rate and my variability as well as my body temperature my sleep cycles and so much more but beyond the wealth of data that frankly i find a little too much aura actually gives me actionable guidance such as hey you know what you didn't really sleep very well last night make today a recovery day don't work out that hard and maybe go to bed around this time with no screens or distractions and a seven-day battery life aura has naturally become an extension of myself and has removed hassle and stress something that other alternatives have not been able to match get your aura today with a six-month free membership by using the link in the video description so crack open your wallet and i'll crack open this mac mini popping off the plastic cover and component shield reveals a very familiar looking mac mini in fact save for a little bit of spare room inside due to a shorter logic board you would be excused for mistaking the m1 with the 2018 intel mac minion that's because the m1 is mostly comprised of components from the old mac mini's parts bin the largest of which is this hilariously overkill 150 watt power supply now the previous mac mini they offered it in a 70 watt tdp intel core i7 variant and so rather than redesign the whole power supply for the m1 apple just they didn't the same holds true with the cooling assembly that uses a blower fan to suck air in through the bottom of the machine pushing the cool draft through the aluminum heatsink fins that sit atop the m1's internal heat spreader and then exhausting the hot waste heat out of the back of the machine with these monster components removed from the case we're left with a very svelte logic board that has all of its i o soldered directly onto the pcb however it is attached to a rather wide plastic i o shield that houses two of the machine's three wireless antennas oh we've also got our power button there so the question becomes well what can we do to shrink this machine well first let's get rid of everything that we don't absolutely need we know that the m1 is efficient and doesn't necessarily need a fan see the macbook air however many machines they're not going to boot with a fan attached so let's give it a shot and success not only does the machine run totally fine but there's basically no loss in performance either so long as we leave the ihs and heatsink attached now as for the antennas these are all wired so there's no reason why we shouldn't be able to harvest and relocate them first we less than gracefully remove the bottom antenna there is a screw hidden behind a plastic shield that's applied with adhesive so get that adhesive good and melted unlike our well less elegant method of removal as for the other two antennas they're both just held in with a few screws so removing them from the rear i o shield is very easy now that does require us to also remove the power button which is unfortunately plastic welded into place but using a soldering iron to melt the plastic and remove the board is not too tricky you'll also want to remove the associated ribbon cable we're going to relocate all of these components later which basically just leaves us with this super wide plastic i o shield that we can now ditch it serves no purpose okay let's address the elephant in the room and that is the power supply the power supply has this gnarly 20-pin connector attached to it which looks very intimidating however if we use a multimeter we find out that it's actually really simple seven of the connectors send a 12 volt dc load to the board seven of the connectors return zero volt and six of them are not connected now you might have the question well why use a connector with 20 cables instead of two if it's in essence just a positive and negative 12 volt lead well the answer is stability and safety if we take the mac mini's 150 watts and divide that by 12 volts dc that gives us 12 and a half amps that this power supply has to carry across our wires now while two thicker wires could theoretically do the job multiple thinner wires are not only more flexible and less expensive but they also serve to provide the same quantity of amperage with more consistent voltage delivery which is really important for computer components additionally more wires are more helpful for over current protection which can detect you know component level shorts which prevent melted wires and fires i knew the 150 watt power supply was overkill i mean the total m1 mac mini power draw from the wall is like 28 watts max on its own and even with every i o port tapped out maximum wattage you're still not even close to half the 150 watts that the original power supply can provide but look i was out of my depth at this point and so i sought help from mike of macgyver computer he's known for these mac mini dc conversions which are really cool and a bunch of other quirky and weird but super handy hardware power components now he graciously offered to help and i immediately pooh-poohed the easy solution which is just a dc barrel plug and a power supply because i wanted to make this mac mini different maybe even usb-c capable mike found this cool usb-c pd board which negotiates the handshake with chargers and it did work but unfortunately at 12 volts the usb-c pd spec tops out at about 3.6 amps which is not quite enough wattage to keep our mac mini happy now there are 20 volt usb-c pd chargers out there but that would require a massive hot buck converter that we'd have to make room for inside of our mac mini's chassis and ultimately i mean the main goal was to make this thing more mini not usb-c so then i came across that the next mac mini is rumored to have magsafe and i figured hey let's beat apple to the punch mike bought a magsafe 2 board from a 2015 macbook pro those can support up to 87 watts which is more than we need so perfect unfortunately we could not use the official apple adapters because those establish a fairly elaborate handshake with the actual macbook before beginning to charge so mike wired up this beautiful abomination that would make steve jobs roll in his grave it's a 65 watt 15 volt microsoft surface adapter that terminates in an apple magsafe 2 connector now while this ditches apple's handshake method it's still quite safe because the microsoft surface charger has smarts of its own and if our pins happen to short out well it just kicks on the charger's internal circuit protection so here's the setup we go from the service charger to magsafe which then goes magsafe to our dc voltage regulator which is inside the mac mini and then well we just have a clean 12-volt signal going out to our mac mini's logic board and it works perfectly but this monstrosity needs a case and that's where i turn to a wonderful viewer of mine who has asked to remain anonymous because he works as a mechanical engineer for a company that shall not be named it took us a while to figure out the minimum amount of space that we would need to relocate all of these components while considering airflow and design we needed a semi-open case and we figured well what better way to passively radiate heat than apple's mathematical cheese grader pattern that they use on the 2019 mac pro look i'm biased but i think this looks exceptional but with that said we need to turn this cat file into a real design and the best way to do that is with 3d printing now when you think 3d printer you probably think of these a fused filament fabrication printer these take a spool of plastic feed it into a hot end and then extrude it out of a nozzle these printers are cheap they are convenient and they can print in a bunch of cool materials one of our prototypes uses a heat sensitive plastic that changes from blue to white as it gets hotter which is so cool but that is nothing compared to this specialty filament which is impregnated with iron particles that we can forcibly patina and rust out to make this amazing cyberpunk aesthetic what you'll notice on these is that even on the most well calibrated printers it still looks 3d printed and it really struggles with our mac pro holes so we turn to msla masked stereolithography which is a machine with a big old uv light source that cures liquid resin that's sitting inside a vat and in between the light source and the resin is an lcd panel that masks off sections that are not actively being cured now the benefit is that you get incredibly beautiful injection molded looking prints with no perceivable layer lines and pixel perfect geometries quite literally also the resin isn't a thermoplastic so it's not going to warp and deform as our mac mini warms up which is a big plus the problem with these resin printers other than well you know the resin being incredibly toxic and annoying to deal with is that unlike traditional 3d printers most of the materials are just well they're really boring because people just go crazy with their post-processing even painting their models we didn't want to do that so we decided to take a shortcut that would still look good mix a clear tough resin with mica powder you've probably seen mica powder everywhere they put it in cosmetics and bath products jewelry etc it's really sparkly and extremely color rich now we didn't really know what color to go with so we printed three test cubes in our favorite colors midnight green space gray and the bluest blue you have ever seen i mean the saturation on this is unbelievable it doesn't even look real it's gorgeous and twitter said well we don't care about gorgeous we want space gray fine time for the big print here's the deal though msla printers well they don't typically have a very large print volume and while our mac mini case is tiny compared to the original it's still way too big for either of my resin printers so i reached out to the folks at frozen and they sent over their massive sonic mega 8k it has a 15 inch 8k resolution mono lcd with a huge 12 by 7 and a half by 15 inch build volume ginormous and they can easily fit our mac mini case two of them in fact and prints down to a resolution of 43 microns making our mac pro cheese holes quite literally indistinguishable from the real thing at sixteen hundred dollars this printer is not cheap but it is a lot less expensive than the competition and even higher resolution so frankly it's a bargain they're not a sponsor but i really love this printer it made this project possible and i've linked it down below now once the print is completed we have to give it a little bit of an alcohol bath and finally a uv curing session and voila well not quite i wanted to sand it down and clear coat it and make it look fancy but look it's time for the moment of truth what we've all been waiting for final assembly we used a regular 3d printer to make all of our internal supports because a it's cheaper and b because you're not going to see them but see this is the real reason because filament based thermoplastic allows us to insert brass heat set inserts which will allow us to actually screw the motherboard into the chassis no gluing involved kind of unfortunately since the resin is not a thermoplastic we do have to glue our internal support members to the inside of the resin case but that's the only thing that's being glued the case itself so this is completely reversible and with that done everything fits as tight as a glove we just have to screw the bottom of the case together and oh my goodness build complete i'm a little biased but we think this machine looks fantastic it benchmarks just as well as the original and it's now dead silent with an internal volume that's just 28 of its original size now you might be thinking wow quinn neat computer but how does this affect me well we've already seen apple make surprising and excellent concessions with their new macbook pro the new pro laptops are thicker heavier and larger than their intel predecessors despite using cooler less power hungry chips but on the plane m1 machine questions are still in the air because all but the 24 inch imac remain with their old designs and so which of the two ways will apple go will they make the mac mini as tiny as possible in the macbook air as thin as the old 12-inch macbook or will they retain their sizes and put in an m2 chip that's just way more powerful than we expect well i estimate the former but one thing is for sure if you had told me five years ago when just about every new mac released was being thermally throttled due to johnny ive's pursuit of insane thinness that apple would soon be making computers way bigger than they really needed to be i'd have laughed in your face but here we are if you're interested in replicating this build with your own m1 mac mini well we've left a build guide with the printed part models down below and so definitely check that out thank you so much for watching and as always stay snazzy you

  Top Comments:
  1. @alexgranados8719 [11 likes]: Make a comparison of the size between your modded m1 mac mini and the newest m4 mac mini.
  2. @datalaforge [2 likes]: I wonder if there is enough space in the original chassis to convert a pre M4 Mac Mini to be powered by USB C.
  3. @FairOrFaire [2 likes]: @SnazzyLabs now make the Mac mini M4 into the MicroMac
  4. @turbojobo [2 likes]: compare this now to the new one m4!
  5. @sashasyhinin3928 [2 likes]: Ahahaha😂 hello from November 2024
  6. @Butterscotch_P1e [1 likes]: 14:30 Both
  7. @therealchayd [1 likes]: But...Apple have already...oh, this was 3 years ago! 😄
  8. @vukotici32 [1 likes]: do it with the new model
  9. @yugioh12fan [1 likes]: Comparing this to the m4 Mac mini.
  10. @ZADDDROT [1 likes]: Mac Mini on M4: Hello :D
  11. @Deceased-Prince: Found it lol
  12. @YAROSLAAAVX: The magsafe part makes it impossible to replicate. I wish you stayed to the original components
  13. @josevictorgomes7711: To tell you the truth, I though you were going to give a copper and chrome bath. It would help to dissipate the heat, and make look closer to the original.
  14. @jorgeverdugo6071: you need to a add battery
  15. @grudzii: 2 years later Apple actually started producing these..
  16. @HDar01: I am looking for a fanless case for a Mac mini M2. Please suggest the shop or who can supply.
  17. @thebobasquad645drinknekoslab: Cool, Apple just released one like that
  18. @Josh-g9s: mac mini m4 🙂
  19. @K.Huynh.: You can buy Mac Mini M4 right now :v
  20. @noble_lime: Now with mac m4

- Restoring Apple's FIRST Intel Mac Mini!: Kind: captions Language: en hello guys and welcome back to another video today we're going to be taking a look at a first generation intel mac mini that was sent to me kindly by one of my viewers it's sitting in a box in the next room i think it's time we open it up and see exactly what this old mac mini is capable of sorry about the lack of uploads i actually broke one of the metacarpals in my hand which made it very difficult to film and make videos anyway i'm nearly better now and thanks for being patient when this package arrived a few months ago i genuinely had no idea what was going to be inside i'm always a little bit scared when i open packages that are sent to my p.o box which is in the description below if you want to send me something the person who sent me this also left a note which i'll read to you now hi p sivari here is my old intel core duo mac mini back in the day i had planned to make iphone apps but then moved on to another hobby it had a hard life as a plex server but now has been replaced with netflix and chromecast i'm hoping you'll find a better use for this even if only to smother an eucalyptus spray i think you may be able to upgrade the cpu to a 64-bit one which might be kind of fun thanks for that adrian and yes i will be installing a 64-bit core 2 dual processor i ended up buying a 2.16 gigahertz intel t7400 for only 12 on ebay which provides the best price to performance alternatively i could have installed a gigahertz t 7600 but they cost upwards of 50 australian dollars here on ebay adrian has definitely wrapped it quite well and also included an old ipod i'll have to see whether it works this is not exactly a clean mac mini which is good because i love cleaning relievingly it does indeed turn on it's got a 1.86 gigahertz core duo processor and 2 gigabytes of ram this model originally sold for 1249 australian dollars back in 2006. for your money you got a higher clocked core duo cpu and a slightly bigger 2.5 inch hard disk so now that we've got it out of the box we can see that this is indeed a first generation intel mac mini and man i forgot how dense and little these things actually are it's quite heavy considering how small it is but all the air vents are absolutely clogged with dust so that gives us another reason to open it up and also put in a solid state drive so let's crack it open getting inside a mac mini is pretty easy the top casing is held in place by several plastic clips someone has definitely opened this before as there are many chips in the metal lifting the lid off we get our first look at the very dusty internals air is sucked in through the vents on the base after nearly 15 years of use i'm not surprised that the vents are clogged to begin the disassembly i unclipped what i believe is the wifi antenna next was several phillips head screws that held the dvd drive and hard drive in place from there after also detaching a few ribbon cables the whole assembly lifts off easily revealing the internals in desperate need of a clean i'd be curious to know if apple is going to introduce their own silicon processor in the next mac mini this year although that would probably end user upgradable ram as well to remove the heatsink all i had to do was press on the four plastic clips on the underside of the logic board then i was able to detach the processor before we see just how bad that thermal paste is let me introduce you to today's sponsor skillshare a great online learning community with thousands of quality classes and a diverse range of topics allowing you to explore new skills create new hobbies and have a whole lot of fun while learning along the way since a lot of you are aspiring video makers i'd strongly suggest you check out jordy vanderpud's beginner's guide to video editing in premiere pro or if you're wanting to learn in apple's final cut pro there's a great beginner's class by ali vandal in addition to the video lessons every skillshare class gives you the ability to share your own creations with the community using the skills that you've learnt along the way skillshare has so much to offer if you're hungry to learn you'll be pleased to know it's less than ten dollars per month with an annual subscription the first 1000 people to use the link in my description will get a free trial of skillshare's premium membership thank you very much to skillshare for sponsoring this video it turns out that the heatsink didn't want to come off easily i was being pretty gentle but this is not exactly what i wanted to happen the thermal paste seems to have become seemingly adhered to the processor i'm hoping this hasn't damaged the socket as it came right out with the heatsink i was being quite gentle but it took a fair amount of force to separate them given that this video was severely delayed the new processor actually arrived in time for the upgrade coming all the way from china to australia it didn't even take a week from purchase date they've also included some thermal paste not that i'm going to be using it though while i'm dusting off the internals i'll simply leave the original cpu in place so that dust doesn't make its way into the socket i was going to say that this is the dustiest mac mini i've ever disassembled but this is actually the first one i've ever taken apart these were made in a time back when upgradability and long-term usability were a key part of apple's ethos the fact that this computer still works after many years of being clogged up with dust is a good indication of its reliability i'm also going to open up the fan and remove as much debris as possible on the inside it wasn't all that bad with a light brushing it came up looking pretty good while this mac is in pieces i'll also be putting in an inexpensive sata ssd since it's only a sata 1 1.5 gigabits per second interface you don't have to put in a very fast drive as it will hardly reach its full potential anyway lifting out the old processor is very easy as it uses a zip socket which stands for zero insertion force and using some isopropyl alcohol i made sure that the dye was clean before i applied some arctic mx4 thermal paste once the heatsink is clipped back on the paste will spread evenly over the surface since it was open i also put in a new cr2032 battery this keeps track of the time and saves pram information there was a lot of grime and tarnishing so i went over the casing with some isopropyl alcohol some q-tips made it a whole lot easier getting into the air vents sadly some of the foam that sits between the top and bottom casings had completely disintegrated so i'll simply remove as much as possible the metal has also become pretty grubby this happens around the areas that are commonly touched such as the power button using a healthy dab of eucalyptus oil i went over all of the casing on the top of the lid there were a few patches of tape that i found pretty hard to remove by simply adding some sticker removal and letting it sit for a few minutes it came off very easily it was at this point that i decided to install the extra ram bringing the system total to 3 gigabytes this would end up being a mistake as the system would not boot with more than 2 gigabytes of ram before the firmware update either way with a bit of elbow grease and trialling a few different chemicals the marks on the rubber base mostly came off not perfect but it's as clean as i could get it the design of this mac mini lasted quite a few years from its inception from the 2005 g4 processor all the way up to 2009 with an intel core 2 duo without a doubt this is one of the most iconic apple products of the last 20 years did it survive the surgery let's find out when i tried to power it up nothing showed up on screen the fans and power light did come on though once again i opened up the system and removed the extra gigabyte of ram now when plugged into power it made the boot chime problem solved and with the display plugged in we finally get an image you have no idea how relieved i was when this happened i attached my snow leopard usb installer and it was recognized the 120 gigabyte ssd was also recognized i wasn't sure whether they were going to be compatibility issues it doesn't look like there are as it made it all the way to the first time boot video here we are with a fresh copy of snow leopard 10.6 as we can see the new processor has been recognized to enable the use of newer operating systems and have a maximum of three gigabytes of ram i installed dos dudes 2.1 firmware updater which is also linked in the description upon powering it up i held the power button as instructed then a short time later i disconnected the power supply before finally turning it on once again here it is with the 2.1 firmware opening it up one more time i added another gigabyte of ram and after the final upgrade we're seeing the three gigabytes of ddr2 memory i think now is a great time to set the mac mini up nice and neatly the addition of usb ports on the cinema display is quite handy although the intel mac minis now have 4 usb ports instead of 2 that could be found on the g4s here we've got the freshly cleaned and upgraded mac mini i think it's time we install some software and see exactly what this old machine can do after attempting to install some software i quickly realized that not a lot of programs were still supported in the last release of snow weapon 10.6.8 even though we've installed a core 2 duo 64-bit processor and updated the firmware we cannot install lion 10.7 without modifications to the installer looking online there are a few different methods i chose to go with dos dude's one tutorial this included an already modified image that you simply had to clone to another partition after around seven minutes we had our line partition installed with all the files in place we should be able to simply boot the mac straight into 10.7 lion after holding the alt key on startup i was able to select the lion partition sadly it wouldn't boot any further than the apple logo some people apparently had success booting from an external drive or usb stick this ended up taking far longer than i was expecting nearly 20 hours later it was still copying over the files but after all that time i inserted another usb to copy files and it ejected all of the connected usb drives just as it was about to finish the clone i ended up doing the clone to a usb on another computer and it ended up only taking a few minutes so that was a bit of time wasted but it still wouldn't boot past the apple logo while it is possible to even install operating systems newer than lion i was really running out of time so i decided to simply run whatever i could in snow leopard instead playing a bit of minecraft in survival mode was possible the frame rate wasn't great i got about 15 fps with the render distance set to 8. keep in mind this is without optifine so there is a chance that it could run slightly better than this how about we record some tunes in garageband as well using imovie i thought i'd create a short video using some clips i shot during the restoration the 4k footage imported fine straight out of my camera although imovie does lower the resolution significantly you can opt to import the clips at full quality but let's just say it did not run very well when i did that i also recorded some adlib dialogue let's see how that turned out and here we've got the new 2006 mac mini looks pretty much just the same as the g4 mac mini except this time it's got lots more computational power definitely got a few more ports as well a lot more usb ports look at that that's how you put a usb port in you'll never get it right the first time and that's what it looks like with a nice big 23-inch cinema display quite good i must say you can see it's right there this little unit but that unit packs a lot of power while i've got you here i thought i would show you how to make an eye-catching youtube thumbnail that guarantees to get a lot of views adding lots of colorful outer glows and saturation is 100 essential in addition every thumbnail must contain arrows and circles just in case the viewer doesn't know exactly what they're supposed to be looking at and then once you think you're done add even more saturation to give it that nice fried look now that is a true masterpiece in the future i'll try to get a newer os installed that'll likely make the web browsing experience far more tolerable it's been very fun cleaning up and upgrading this first generation intel mac mini it's great to see that they can still be used nearly 15 years later so there we have it apple's first generation intel mac mini i honestly think the design is pretty cool and it was a lot of fun using one of these and cleaning it out and it really needed a clean out anyway thank you very much for watching if you liked the video feel free to leave a like and if you want to see more definitely consider subscribing i'll see you in the next video [Music] you

  Top Comments:
  1. @HughJeffreys [2000 likes]: I should really wake up earlier more often. Morning everyone!
  2. @giorgos2099-p9l [9 likes]: An inexpensive SSD well that didnt age well hahahahah
  3. @arthurmartinsgoncalves6468 [1 likes]: If you still have that thing, go install Raspberry Pi OS for x86 on it
  4. @KurosuGon [1 likes]: Hey, 5:45 highly recommend just getting MX-6 as the longevity and heat reduction on it is much greater than MX-4. It’s only a few bucks more on aliexpress or Amazon. After all, we want these electronics to last, right.
  5. @zanderfaehrteisenbah [1 likes]: 3:04 well you’re spot on 😂
  6. @IntlSpotter401 [1 likes]: 10:32 Take On Me! Good choice ❤❤❤
  7. @KuzuTechReal-1312: Just flash Windows 7 bro its easy
  8. @crossrain: Hey I doubt anyone will respond but my Mac mini will not take the USB drivers do I HAVE to burn it?
  9. @valerianpantsulia5137: COOL///////////////////////////////////////:face-blue-smiling::face-blue-smiling::face-blue-smiling:
  10. @Zavier-Hutchunter16-Hutchings: 10:28 I love it when you just casually start playing songs on Garage band, it makes your videos more unique
  11. @yukinagato1573: Many people here probably don't know what Core Duos are. These are basically a 65nm version of the Pentium M, now with two cores. There was also the Core Solo, basically a Core Duo with one core disabled. Since it was based on the Pentium M, it was mobile only, and still retained the 32-bit design.

This line was very short-lived, being replaced by the Core 2 Duo in about 6 months. Core 2 Duo delivered a new architecture (still based on the Pentium M, but much enhanced), finally added x86-64, and also unified Intel's offerings on both desktop and mobile with a single architecture.
  12. @XavierDwyer-gj3qj: I live in Adelaide
  13. @alisonsmith4436: Thank you so very much 😊😊😊
  14. @Adam_A_11: Can I ask please how to create Mac OS X snow leopard bootable usb ? Because I have a MacBook and it needs reinstallation could you reply please
  15. @MilanHajský: I am is using old Mac and Mac have this procesor
  16. @NeilRamsay-q4z: Can you revisit this? With the cpu upgrade can you put opencore legacy patcher on it? I challenge you!!! Challenge!
  17. @t0raneko: I've been using a 2,1 mini running 10.6.8 as a media server for many years. This video makes me think I should probably clean it.
  18. @snutjag: take your time man.. you need some rest
  19. @joebromby: opteurl medar bad
  20. @jjohnson71958: id give larger vent holes

- 2014 Mac Mini RAM and CPU Upgrade: Kind: captions Language: en in this video i'm going to be upgrading the cpu ram and technically even the video card in this late 2014 apple mac mini now as you can see here this is a base model mac mini 2014 model with the 1.4 gigahertz intel core i5 cpu and 4 gigabytes of soldered 1600 megahertz ddr3 memory now in this video i'm going to be replacing both the cpu and the soldered on memory uh with the following so right here i've got a 2014 macbook pro 13 inch logic board which has the three gigahertz intel core i7 cpu on it and right here i've got a set of ddr3 lp ddr3 rather chips right here which is what this mac mini uses now these are lpddr3 chips which means that there are the chips themselves are much higher density than standard ddr3 like you'd find on this macbook logic board as you can see there's 16 chips on this board but of course the mac mini has 8 chip or 4 chips rather but they're high enough density that each chip itself is 4 gigabytes which would make a total of 16 gigabytes of memory to be installed into this machine now like i said i'm going to be taking the cpu off of this board of course we can't use the ram from this board but it only has eight gigs anyway but this board is dead uh we'll be using this cpu reballing it installing it on this board um and this this memory will be installed on the board as well now one thing i did mention is that we are also going to be upgrading the video card in this and well that's not technically the case because this says integrated graphics of course the cpu that's on this board the three gear hertz i7 actually has iris or intel iris video integrated into it whereas the cpu that's in this machine right now has only intel hd graphics now i'm not really sure that there's much benefit in that upgrade but it just comes with the cpu upgrades so i'll take it so with that the first thing i want to do here before we start taking the machine apart is i'm going to go ahead and open up geekbench and we'll run a benchmark in this machine go ahead and open a copy of geekbench 5 i've got installed here and as you can see it gives us a little bit better info of the specs of the machine so you can see it has an intel core i5 4260u running at 1.4 gigahertz of course and of course that same four gigabytes of installed system memory so with that i'll go ahead and begin the benchmarks so this will take uh quite some time to complete of course so once it's complete i'll go ahead and resume the video and show you the results all right so as you can see here the geekbench has completed successfully and you can see we have received a single core score of 659 and a multi-core score of 1267. so go ahead and scroll down here we can see a little bit more about it there's usual things there for geekbench of course i will put a link to this as well as the final result that we take later in the video description but for now that has been all the tests we need to do before we perform the upgrade so now we'll go ahead and shut the machine down take it apart and then we can begin the process of upgrading the installed memory so i'm going to do the memory first and then the cpu once i verify that works as intended so go ahead and shut the machine down and get it taken apart all right so as you can see here i've gotten the machine completely taken apart i've already removed the board and put it on the board preheater here so of course the first thing we need to do before we do anything else is just to remove the little pieces of adhesive or edge bonding around the edge of each chip so then just use a pair of tweezers to do so and i do already have it on the board preheater here so that way uh everything is nice and hot so i can easily remove these pieces of adhesive [Applause] all right and now that all of the adhesive has been removed we can go ahead and begin removing the chips so the first thing we need to do of course is apply some flux to each one just like so and then i'll go ahead and use the hot air to remove each chip and i'm going to set the hot air to around 300 degrees which should be good enough all right so as you can see there we have now successfully removed all four chips so now we're ready to begin cleaning the pads with some solder with the soldering iron and some solder wick all right so with that already here we'll just go ahead and apply just a little bit of more flux to each pad and then we'll take the iron and first start by applying some fresh leaded solder to each pad all right and now with that done we'll just take the solder wick and remove all the residual solder all right so now with all the residual solder removed we can just go ahead and clean up all the burnt fluts just using rubbing alcohol and a paper towel all right and that's about as clean as it needs to be right there so now we can go ahead and prepare the new chips to be soldered onto the board so in order to do that just go ahead and remove the board from the board preheater here and get our new chips all laid out onto the board or onto the board preheater so as you can see we've got all four new chips right there um so what we're going to want to do with these is just apply some flux to each one and then heat them so the flux flows into place so we just want a little bit of flux on each one and once the flux has been applied we'll go ahead and take each one and heat it to flow the flux onto every bulb all right and now that we've gotten flux applied to each chip we'll go ahead and take the chips aside and then put the board back on the pre-heater all right and with the board back on the board preheater heating up once again we'll go ahead and take each chip and apply it into position on each set of pads all right so all the chips look to be in their general location i'm going to go ahead and verify that just a little bit off camera to make 100 sure that they're aligned um and i'm just going to do that based on a picture i took of when the original chips were still on there and then i'll be able to use the hot air to solder each chip into position all right so each chip looks to be a line in its general location so now we'll just go ahead and turn the hot air on and start soldering them on all right so all the chips look to be soldered on successfully so we'll go ahead and let the board cool down and then take a closer look at them all right so as you can see all the chips have been soldered on successfully um so if we go ahead and take a look at them from the side here should be able to see the solder balls under there just a little bit i don't know if you really can cause that shield there is in the way but what you want to check is just to make sure all the chips look uniform on all four corners and they do indeed in the case of this board then you want to make sure they line up as you'd expect them to should all be even and as you can see they are so it looks like all the chips have been soldered on successfully without issue so now we'll begin the process of setting the spd info to detect all 16 gigabytes of installed system memory now if you've seen my previous videos about the macbook air upgrades i've done you'll know that in order to do that we've modified the spd data inside the system's rom in order to detect the newly installed memory however in the case of this machine this machine actually came from the factory with a 16 gigabyte configuration which means all we need to do is set some strapping configuration resistors on the motherboard so i'll go ahead and pull up a document here or a picture that somebody has made showing exactly the different positions of uh spd strapping resistors that can be set for different memory configurations and then from there we can determine the correct configuration to set on this board for 16 gigabytes of memory so with that i'll go ahead and get that open and show you exactly what we're going to change pulled up the diagram for 16 gigabyte lpeda memory configuration which is exactly what we have on this and you can see the necessary resistors that need to be set or not set right here now i will put a link to the post this is on mac rumors for this specific uh post in the video description if you would like to take a look at this yourself but in the case of this board i went ahead and checked all these and it looks like we only actually have to change one configuration so coming over to the board here i'll go ahead and show you exactly what we're going to be changing right here so as you can see uh here are the resistors that are shown in that diagram and everything is set correctly here except this one resistor right here so this guy or actually it would be this one right here needs to be moved down to those pads right there so i'll just heat this one take it from here put it on these pads and then i verified that the rest of them are already set in their correct locations so this one must just be setting alpeda 4 gig to alpeda 8 gig or 16 gig rather which would make sense and if there's any i missed i'll be sure to set those as well but based on what i see here it looks like everything is already set correctly except for that one resistor so i'm going to go ahead and get the camera back in the tripod once again and we'll go ahead and swap that resistor all right so now with the board prepared here we'll go ahead and turn on the board pre-heater and we'll begin the process of removing that small resistor all right so the first thing we want to do of course is just apply some flux to the pads that we're going to be soldering on here just put some right there and then once everything gets up to temperature here we'll just take that one resistor located right there and move it to the lower pads as i showed you earlier all right so our resistor has been successfully swapped there um so now we'll just go ahead and let the board cool down and once it's cooled down completely we can go ahead and reassemble the machine partially test it and see if it works gotten the machine kinda reassembled enough to power it on and give it a test so let's go ahead and plug it in and see what it does just like a macbook air these things have to post like three times before they actually turn on so hopefully it'll power on in just a second here and there we go as you can see it chimed so let's let it boot into mac os and make sure it detects all the installed memory and as you can see it is booting up here so this is a standard hard drive at the moment i will be upgrading this to an ssd of course but for now i'm just going to go ahead and pause the video here let it boot up and see what it detects all right so the machine has finished booting up i've gone ahead and opened the about this mac menu here and check it out there it is you can see it detects 16 gigabytes of installed system memory so let's go ahead into system report here and just check it out one more time in the memory section here so yep as you can see it detects two eight gigabyte modules installed and everything looks to be correct so that has been a successful upgrade of the memory to eight gigabytes now it's time to turn our attention to the cpu and start working on that so in order to do that before i do anything else i'm just going to take the cpu off of this board get it rebuild and prepared to install onto this board so with that i'll go ahead and get this in the board pre-heater and prepare to remove your cpu target or our donor board here is up on the board preheater all warmed up and ready to go here um so the first thing we need to do of course is to remove this black piece of tape that's over the edges of the cpu so we'll go ahead and just pull that off and since the cpu is nice and warm from the port preheater this just comes right off and then the next thing we need to do of course is we need to remove the edge bonding from each corner of the cpu as you can see this is a little bit more stubborn than the ones for the ram on the macbook or the the mac mini logic board okay so all that's off successfully so now we're ready to apply some flux and begin desoldering the chip and now we are ready to remove the chip now one thing i want to make you aware of with this specific chips these intel u-series cpus they are very sensitive to heat so if you heat them too much they will warp and become pretty much unusable at that point they do tend to warp anyway even if you heat them properly but it they work just a tiny bit which you can compensate with a little bit of a larger solder ball and i'll show you when we reball the chip which is what i always do with these particular chips so with that i'm going to go ahead and put the hot air nozzle on and the bottom heat here i'm going to heat up to about 175 degrees celsius and the top heat i'm going to heat it to around 280. i don't really want to go any higher than 280 for one of these um so hopefully that should suffice in getting it off um so now i'll just go ahead and align the hot air nozzle over the chip like so and make sure that's properly aligned and of course i'll use a flashlight to verify lower it down just a little bit more you just don't want it to touch anything on the board all right and that looks about good there so now we'll go ahead and turn the hot air on and remove the chip all right so the chip is now ready to come off the board so go ahead and remove the hot air and pick up the chip so it wasn't quite ready there we'll try it one more time here in a second so [Music] there we go now we've got our chip off the board so now we can go ahead and let everything cool down and now that once everything cools down we can begin the process of reballing our donor cpu all right so in order to begin the reballing process the first thing we need to do is remove all the residual solder using the soldering iron and of course some solder wick um but before we do that i'm just going to apply some fresh solder um some leaded solder just to make that a little bit easier all right and now that all the residual solder is removed we are ready to begin the process of recalling the chip so in order to do that the first thing i need to do is clean all of the old flux off the chip and then we're going to apply just a thin very thin layer of new flux to allow the balls to flow properly once they're on there so i'm going to go ahead and clean off the chip right now all right and as you can see here the chip is now nice and clean and it is now ready to be reballed so i'll go ahead and get my stencil set up here and get this ready to go and we'll begin reballing the chip all right so i'm now ready to begin the process of reballing the cpu so i've actually got my stencil right here you can see um that's what it looks like and i've also got this little jig here that makes it a lot easier to align the chip and align the stencil all that stuff so i'll be using this and i've also got a jar of .45 millimeter solder balls these cpus according to the stencil call for point four millimeter bowls so i'm going to use some slightly bigger balls just to make sure that the chip seats fully down on the board once we solder it back on as i mentioned just to compensate for that warping that they do and this one is indeed warped just a little bit i don't know if you'll be able to really make that out see if i can focus in on it yeah you can see it is warped just a little bit this is pretty normal for these whenever you take them off a board they always do it so like i said in order to compensate for that if you use some larger solder balls enough of the solder balls making contact will have enough force to actually unbend the chip and solder it fully to the board so that's how that works so with that the first thing we need to do of course is just apply a small bit of flux to the chip itself before we reball it so i'll go ahead and do that here now we don't want too much here because we do have to wipe most of it off because we don't want much on the chip because it will make the balls stick to it too much but if you just have a small little bit that is all you need so go ahead and turn the hot air on here and we'll just use the hot air to heat the flux and flow it around the chip okay with the flux flowing around the chip here you just want to take it and wipe away all the excess or just basically as much as you can just so there's a very very thin layer of flux on the chip the edge is good and there we go you can see there's just a shiny little heen on it or a sheen on it i guess with the flux um and that's exactly what you want so now i'm gonna go ahead and move the optical drive here out of the way and we'll align the chip into the stencil holder take our stencil holder right here just put the chip in the little indent right in the middle so let me clean that out real quick you want to make sure it's fully seated in there might be a little bit of that edge binding still stuck to the edge of it which is why it's not fully going down you want to make sure this is completely clean as well all right now it should fit in here and with that now in there we can take our stencil and align it accordingly just like so and then you take it and put it on this magnet and that will hold the stencil down all right so now that stencil is ready to go so now i'll begin the process of rebuilding the chip all right so now that we've gotten the stencil all set up here we can begin the process of re-balling the chip so we'll just take our solder balls which are in this little jar right here and just sprinkle them on top of the chip all right and that's about good so then what you want to do is kind of just shake them around and if you get lucky you'll get all of them in the holes but most of the time that will not happen kind of move around with your finger a little bit as well all right and that looks to be about as much as we can do there that's almost pretty pretty much perfect actually but luckily with this stencil kit you can actually empty the excess balls back into the container using this little spout right here so we'll go ahead and do that here sometimes it's a little difficult all right so there are still some on there but we do want to leave a little bit on there because we will need to manually put some in some of the holes using some tweezers so i'm going to go ahead and prepare my tweezers by cleaning them off because any flux or anything on them will make it almost impossible for the balls not to get stuck to them all right so i've gone ahead and cleaned my tweezers pretty well here so now we'll just take the solder balls that are excess here and place them into holes where there is no solder ball all right and that is looking pretty good there there's no excess solder balls on top of the stencil and every single hole has a ball in it so now we'll turn the hot air back on once again and we'll start heating the stencil with the solder balls on it of course and that will melt the balls and attach them to their respective pads now one thing i should mention with this specific type of cpu and this specific type of stencil you cannot use solder paste on this because it doesn't sit completely flush with the chip and if you try to use solder paste it's just going to flow all under the stencil and just make a gigantic mess so with stencils like this especially with the cpus with the capacitors in the middle like this one um you cannot use solder paste to reball so with that i'll go ahead and start heating these solder balls into position and you want to hold down the middle here because this part likes to come up and it'll cause the balls to be able to move around underneath the stencil so with that held down we can just go ahead and start heating right so now with all the balls seemingly melted into position um we're just gonna let it cool down while holding the middle just a little bit and once you've confirmed all the balls have seated in and are now dry and go ahead and apply a little bit more all around the chip and what this is going to do is it's going to ensure all the balls fully seat properly and the flux will help move them into position so go ahead and press on the center one more time verify that none of your balls have moved you can see that one of them has right there so just get that back in its hole and we'll start heating once again this point you probably don't need to hold the center i still will just for a little just to make 100 sure here okay so i'm going to stop heating once again and we're almost done here i just see one problem that we need to fix before we go further and that is we've got three balls right over here that did not fully seat down in their holes so all you got to do to fix this is just get it up to temperature and then once they're molten you just tap on them with your tweezers and they'll go right down in their hole i'm gonna go back through and heat them and now that everything looks to be fully molten we'll just let it cool down just for a little bit you don't want to let it cool down too much and then we'll just go ahead and remove the stencil just like so once you've removed the chip from the stencil you want to go over it one more time with the hot air and heat the balls to their molten one last time with no stencil on the chip so i had one little issue right there you can see that uh two of the balls merged or actually about three of them did i don't know what happened there but i'll go have to uh wick all those off and just manually apply a few more bowls to fix that so i'll just do that off camera get the chip all ready to go and then we'll begin the process of getting it prepped to install on the new board all right so as you can see i have finally finished reballing the chip those balls on this side were kind of a pain the ones that were not sitting down properly and that merged but as you can see there they're all even now they all look good and everything looks as i expect it to so take a look at the side you can see the balls are there you can see the chip is kind of warped right there like i said that shouldn't be too big of a deal um so now we'll go ahead and get the mac mini board on the board pre-heater and begin to remove the cpu on that so i'll go ahead and get the camera in the tripod once again and begin removing its cpu gone ahead and got the mac mini logic board up on the board preheater here so now we can just do basically the same exact thing we did before with the other cpu and just remove the edge bonding as you can see that comes off much easier than the macbook pro edge bonding and with that we are now ready to begin adding flux and then removing the chip all right chip's ready to come off so we'll go ahead and remove it almost all right so go ahead and turn the hot air off let it cool down and from here we'll just go ahead and start preparing the board to install the new chip all right so now with all the solder removed we can go ahead and clean off the old flux and now we're ready to install the new chip so the first thing i'm going to do is just apply a little bit of fresh flux and then from that we'll just wipe away a little bit of excess and then we will take our new cpu and align it onto the board so of course there is no silk screen outline on these boards so that makes it quite a bit more difficult to get these things aligned okay and that's probably pretty close right there um i did take a picture of it before i removed it so i'm going to go ahead and reference that off camera and get it fully aligned and then from there we can begin soldering it down to all right we're interestingly enough it looks like i got it pretty much perfect on my first attempt there um so now we're ready to just get the board up to temperature again and start heating the chip and soldering it on all right so the chip looks to be in good position now so we'll go ahead and solder it on all right so that looks to be fully soldered on already uh because it's a leaded solder it's utters uh at much lower temperature so it's much quicker um so go ahead and turn the hot air off turn the board preheater off and let the board cool down and once everything is cooled down i'll go ahead and show you a close-up and we'll check it out make sure everything looks good and then we'll give it a test chip has been soldered on successfully um so if we go and take a look at it from the side here hopefully we'll be able to see the solder balls under there yeah you can kind of see them right there so you can see they look nice and uniform which is ex which is exactly what you want to see um and also if you take a look uh straight on at the chip here you might be able to make out the fact that the chip is actually no longer warped it actually straightened itself back out just as i said it would and it looks perfect all the balls along each side of the chip look to be fully connected to the board and like i said the chip is no longer warped at all so that's perfect it's exactly what i want to see now there's one step that i actually forgot about and that is because along with the cpu on these models these u series intel platforms there's also the pch on the same chipset so the pch is right here the cpu and integrated video is in this die right here and on any modern intel platform whenever you change the pch you also need to clean the mu region because it's paired to that specific pch so in the case of this machine we'll just need to dump its spi rom which is located right here and luckily since this is a t-stop spi rom i can simply use my t-stop clip clip onto it and dump it that way i might have to inject some extra voltage which i've had to do before on some of these but it should dump no problem externally or in circuit like this so with that i'll get all that set up and show you exactly how that's done all right so as you can see here i do have my tsop clip on there and i did end up having to inject some voltage into it so this does look a little bit janky but i just have uh the ground wire and the vcc wire connected to a power supply here set to 3.3 volts as you can see and i've got that connected to nxgaq tl866 programmer um and then from there i can go ahead and read the chip so the first thing we're going to do is just turn on the output of the power supply you can see the board is pulling 0.007 amps on the 3.3 volt rail and with that done we can go ahead and select read and read the chip so we'll just wait till the read finishes here okay and the read has completed successfully so let's go ahead and check it out here make sure everything looks good we've got data all the way down to the very end of the rom so i'm going to just read it one more time just to make 100 sure and then from there we can go ahead and save it and open it or and begin the process of cleaning the me region all right so i read it one more time verified it was correct once again and now i've saved the file as mini71.but right there so the next thing we need to do is download a copy of a firmware update for this specific model so i've already done that there is a github repo here with all the apple efi firmware updates um i just downloaded the latest one from there and from there we need to open that in the uefi tool so as you can see there's the download right there let's go ahead and open the uefi tool real quick of course need to use the old engine version so here we go go ahead and open the image file we just downloaded that'll of course be the firmware update for the mac or well in that case the macbook air seven comma one i guess it's both the same let's see now that's actually a different firmware update that's what i did before there's also a mac mini one in there whoops my bad that definitely would not work oh it's looking for only those there it is mac mini all right so i've gone ahead and opened the mac mini one as you can see up there so we need to find um the me region in here i forget exactly where it is all right so i found for this specific uh type of extraction here the best tool to use is actually the ne or new engine version of uefi tool and because that gives you a little bit more info on the guids there and if you see any region update volume um and then the raw section in there that should be the me region so go ahead and extract body i'll go ahead and save that to the desktop is m e seven one clean dot bin and now that's saved so let's go ahead and open it in a hex editor here and see what that looks like so yes this does indeed look like the me region and we can verify that with the other tool we're going to use for this um so if we get out of all that we need to go to the intel me system firmware system tools here here we go so you need the flash image tool for the later chip set so the broad violin has weld chip sets um so with that tool open now we need to do is go ahead and open the dump we made of the spi rom for the machine and actually that's not how we're going to do that here we're just going to go ahead and minimize everything here and just drag the dump we took of the machine onto this window here and that's actually going to extract everything so go ahead and save this on the desktop as mini71 dot xml and that'll just save it as a file for this utility which we will need later um so now we go and close it go back into the file you can see it made a folder for that rom go to dcomp and you can see me region right here so we can verify that our me region extraction was correct based on the size as well as the content we'll check in just a second so you can see it's 1.10 megs there and this one is a little bit bigger at 1.54 so maybe i need to extract that differently all right so i went ahead and opened both in the hex editor here so this is the one that i extracted from the rom itself the spi rom dump and then this is the clean section so that looks pretty good to me i think that'll be correct they are exactly the same it's just the size is slightly different i think the tool will take that into account though so with that we're gonna go ahead and copy the clean me region right there into this directory the decomp directory for the rom we extracted let's go ahead and paste that in here delete any region.bin rename this to me region.bin just like that just so it took its place and you can see there's the original go ahead and get rid of that and now we can go back and open the tool again go ahead and open the xml we saved earlier for the mini seven comma one and now do build build image select yes and now that has completed so now if you go back into mini seven comma one sorry if you go to build out image dot bin that should be our newly cleaned rom you can see it was just created now so we can open that in the eeprom programming tool and simply flash this onto the chip so go ahead and do that here select load go to the folder here for the ne system tools load that image in as you can see it looks the same and select program so this will take quite a bit to complete as you can see here so go ahead and wait it out all right so now that that is complete we can go ahead and disconnect everything hook the board up back in the machine and give it a test got the machine put together once again so now we'll go ahead and plug it in and see if it boots it's doing that usual thing again and it shined and we have video and let's go ahead and boot it up and see what it looks like and it booted successfully so that's good all right let's go ahead and check out about this mac and look at that there it is three gigahertz dual core intel core i7 of course 16 gigabytes of memory installed and we also have that added bonus of intel iris graphics instead of intel hd graphics 5000 so let's go ahead and check the system report and yeah everything looks good here memory everything looks the same there so yeah there it is a fully upgraded late 2014 mac mini which went from a complete base model with four gigs of ram and a 1.4 gigahertz i7 or i5 to a three gigahertz i7 with 16 gigs of ram so of course our last step here is to run geekbench and see what our performance improvement looks like so i'm going to get this thing connected to the internet i don't have the wi-fi card in it right now and then we'll go ahead and run the geekbench all right so i've gone ahead and gotten an ethernet cable plugged into it so let's go ahead and open up geekbench and look at that look at those specs we've now got the intel core i7 47 or 4578u at three gigahertz and 16 gigs of installed memory so let's go ahead and run the benchmark so like before this will take quite some time to complete i'll go ahead and pause the video here and resume it once the results are available all right so the geekbench results are here um the benchmark of course did complete successfully um so here are the results we've received so now we have a single core score of 864 and a multi-core score of 1802 now this is a little not as not as much of an improvement as i was expecting to see but i do have a the other results right here which we can compare against and you can see that on these on this one we originally had a 659 and a 1267. so it is a little bit of an improvement i think the scale of improvement on geekbench 5 is a little bit less than older versions so it doesn't look like it is much like it's as much of an improvement as it actually is um but let's just go down here and see if there's anything that looks relevant at all so yeah i mean it definitely improved quite a bit there so there is some improvement with this the main improvement though of course is the ram upgrade i just kind of did the cpu upgrade just for fun more than anything just to see if it was even possible but yeah as you can see it is so there is the successful upgrade of a base model 2014 mac mini to a three gigahertz intel core i7 with intel iris graphics along with 16 gigabytes of system memory so i hope you enjoyed this video

  Top Comments:
  1. @helloworld-d1r [2 likes]: 26:21 "every single hole has a ball in it" 💀
  2. @billytk1225 [1 likes]: I just purchased a Mac Mini Late 2014 Core i7 3.0Ghz 16GB Ram 512GB SSD for $100. Once it arrives I'll be adding in a NVMe M.2 Control Adapter so that I can put a 1TB NVMe M.2 2880 SSD in as well. These are really nice systems, going to run MacOS Sonoma on it.
  3. @davessparetime83: Can't believe they put RAM in like this. Why not do it like PC does?
  4. @HAYWIRE2466: Dang. How I wish I had talent in soldering tiny bits.
  5. @dailystupidandinterestingv7794: can you install the quad core i7 on these ones?
  6. @WasnClown: Wow, very interesting! I just did a SSD on a MM 14' but guess RAM is out of possibility 😂
  7. @MichaelSharp-h5o: Where can I order the ram for it
  8. @savacaworld6415: So how can I have you upgrade the ram of my 2014 to even 8gb ram
  9. @julioflores7676: Just great, i have a mac mini 2014 8gb too. Bro you maked a wonderful and hard work
  10. @DanSnipe-k8o: When you pulled off the CPU I could see solder in place. What are the chances you could successfully put the new CPU there, heat it, and have it work without cleaning off the solder and adding new solder (balls)?
  11. @allanivanoff8669: Hi from Mexico, actually I have a Mac mini late 2014 with 4gb of ram, can you help me? thanks for your video.
  12. @Gwigglesworth1: I know this video is like 3 years old, but where did you end up purchasing these chips? It seems a little difficult to get my hands on some of these right now...
  13. @AndreasÖstrin: Very cool and impressive...  but... so much work!
  14. @RealDjali: can i pay u to do it
  15. @sidestepful: is it possible to make 32gb?
  16. @calgarycowboy2: Just shows how any board can have an upgrade when you have the necessary knowledge, skills and of course equipment to do it. Excellent video showing the skill of board level component replacement and chip reprogramming.
  17. @TheCrystalGlow: Hi! I know this is an old video now but I have 2 of these late 2014 Mac minis. I’m wondering what the maximum ram possible is, even unsupported but otherwise working capacities. My hope is that it will work with 32gb of ram, to match my late 2013 iMac. More ram = more better. 🤭

My ultimate goal is running macOS sequoia on both, and while the 8gb wil probably run ok on it, the 4gb model I own most definitely will not. It nearly died running Big Sur and froze up on me 😅


Since I don’t have the ability to do this myself, do you have any recommendations for getting this done? Do you offer this as a paid service?
  18. @sfperalta: A worthy upgrade (if you have the equipment and skills LOL). So sad to see a 2014 with such a low spec CPU and paltry RAM. I own a 2014 mini with the i7-4578U @ 3 GHz and it actually slightly outscores my 2018 mini i7 with Geekbench 6, but that's in single-core only... the 2018 trounces the older mini in multi-core. Since I don't have a fancy soldering station, I will have to satisfy my urge for a faster 2014 mini like most folks... by buying another 2018 mini!
  19. @Fahim-Faysal-Khan: ❤❤❤❤❤❤
  20. @DOverton252: 27-30% improvement on single core, and a ~50% improvement on multicore is a big uplift for a daily driver. That's a pretty big deal! Good work!

- Apple Repair and Distribution: Kind: captions Language: en so there's a a lot of us uh vast majority of us here Tech statistically are uh uh we are Mac users and so uh so a lot of us are uh you know pay a lot of attention to that and we thought it'd be interesting to talk to some folks that really deal are in the trenches every single day um to to um support people with that that are selling their Max uh fixing their Max and really what does it take to actually get that done um and today we have uh Garrett cleverley he's the owner of Mac Solutions Plus executive director of the asmc and the asmc is the Apple Solutions marketing corporation uh Terry McAdams who's the CEO of tech uh MC Tech Solutions and a member also of asmc and um uh Jim duek who is the owner of gatortech and president of asmc Welcome guys good to have you here well thank you uh I am excited to be able to present and show case a little bit about what we do at at asmc and uh and also as independent dealers and Sellers and and service providers and Consultants actually as well so um if I can you know tell me when I'm ready to go go ahead go g to go quickly through this yep go ahead absolutely okay all right well asmc Apple Solutions marketing Corporation you already introduced the guys so we'll skip on past that um so who who is asmc well asmc Apple Solutions marketing Corporation but we just stay asmc is a lot quicker um we're the largest TR trade Trade Organization uh out there for the Apple Channel and as it says on the slide there but basically we're here um asmc is here to help us um as independent dealers of Apple products uh to get the word out and to uh to get to to get gain customers and of course you know they give us a lot of tools we get marketing training we get uh social media training we get access to vendors um and and they collectively were able to uh go to vendors and to Apple and and to kind of speak with one voice and so that really helps us in our efforts and of course saves a lot of time on our part um but basically we're made up of um a whole bunch of uh resellers um and now resellers are in we've got different titles there's regular resellers like us we're an apple authorized reseller only and then um Jim and um and Garrett are both uh in their business uh a premier partner so they've met additional requirements uh to be a premier partner value added resellers are usually business related they have a specialty in the business side networking uh mobile device management that kind of stuff uh and then of course many of us as resellers are also Apple authorized service providers and that that's basically we're the you know we fix turn the screwdrivers and and fix the products and and all that iPhones Macs uh and any other Apple product we support in and out of warranty uh and then there's another group of uh Apple professionals called the Apple consultant Network and that's a an organization you know ran by Apple and you have meet requirements and that kind of stuff so that's um so that's really the membership is made up of those and and we can't be the members cannot be a primarily online retailer um and they can't be part of a national chain so we're all mo all of us are independent um smaller dealers if you will they actually way back when it was an apple like an apple dealer is what they used to call us but uh so little bit more uh continuing on about who we are we're as I said we're local uh locally owned businesses Mom and Pops many of us just one retail store some of them have several retail stores um we've got and I'll show you here in a map here in a second um but basically we get the same training that Apple does um that provides their employees um we get um uh we do device repair as I said uh B2B uh support we have retail stores uh as I mentioned there too that we will have consumer traffic come in apple Consultants network members as I said as well um and many of our members are have been doing Apple related Professional Services for over 40 years and that's a that to me is a big deal you won't find that in any Apple Store I don't think um backbone of Apple service during covid Co Apple shut down every single Apple Store during covid and uh relied on the independent dealer channel in in order to uh the Apple authorized service providers in order to do that so that we we think we we've stepped up and and really made a difference there um and we have longtime and loyal customers um we've uh we have to maintain the same uh requirements in this case we have to maintain a a 95% customer satisfaction rate in order to be blessed by Apple as far as uh U for repairs and things so that's a to us that's a big deal we serice the entire line um but we also sell uh not just Apple stuff we sell third party uh Solutions as well so just keep that in mind um we have um products and services in the said we repairs iPhone Mac everything else Apple business manager and um mobile device management many of us will uh be able to help businesses with that kind of thing we do networking Hardware design VoIP Managed IT Etc you you name it most of us will would be able to handle uh all that kind of thing with the focus in on the Apple products here's a quick map of showing all the different locations of uh some of the members and uh so if you want to see more and find one uh then there's a website right there the asmc benefits.org dealer dlat and uh so on that um the Apple customer Journey can look like this if you're uh a customer and you're wanting to buy an Apple product you certainly can um um as an individual consumer you can go to an Apple Store um but they don't come out to your house and set it up and deliver it to you uh big box stores they're Limited in their uh Services as well other although depending on whether it's you know Walmart or you know get an iPad or go to uh Best Buy uh they do offer The Geek Squad and that kind of stuff but we're so much more professional trained experience is probably your biggest uh thing that we're going to have over any of the big box stores um and then then if you go as I said here point out here is you can go to an asmc member or any other Apple authorized reseller Premier partner value added reseller uh and you're going to get that full service from you know Soup To Nuts and everything in between we'll be able to handle it but go ahead I'm I'm gonna kind of give you a break here for a second so so I got a couple questions for you guys um so so the um uh uh so there's a big push right now of course of of the right to repair um now and I will admit to our viewers I'm not a big fan of right to repair like I think it's crazy um so so but but can you outline um from your perspective what are the either advantages or challenges uh to people trying to repair their own uh specifically their own phones you know but but but we can talk about all the different computers there but I think that most people are focused on the phone like how do you replace the phone there right well um basically as and that's I I threw a question in on the uh on the question list on this very topic about third party repair um so basically if um we we have to use in our Channel we have to use Apple products we have to do exactly what the Apple stores do we have to use Apple's uh provided uh parts and um have to be certified people uh in order to do that um there are some you know as far as Apple making it and opening it up to the indep repair Channel um there's no warranty to go with it um although you can get the parts but the biggest thing we run into is we have these third party places in town that you know batteries that to me is a safety issue um the quality of the parts is is inferior and when they break the phone then they send it to us in order for the customer to get taken care of so can you explain signing components so there there's this whole of of the you know the matching of the components there that that people are trying to un unwrap you know right now is is saying oh Apple shouldn't be able to do that right well and I mean that's of course I'll leave that out for the public to decide whether that's good or not but basically it's a security thing to me and B they the parts are married if you will um and they're they have to have the right software in order for those to talk so that um let's say that it you know um there's a screen that's made uh that and there's additional Communications in on the board of the U of the iPhone or or even the Mac um Apple's just trying to build in a certain amount of security so that um it's it's instead of just software viruses and things you could have Hardware viruses um built into the hardware and so Apple's just putting in security features in order to make sure that that works and does safely and and as an apple owner of of an Apple app products um does the I guess for for me my question is is does it make my phone more valuable if if we take away signing does it make my phone more valuable to steal because now if the if the if the products aren't so my my sensitivity to it is is that number one is I think that a non-authorized fix of your phone is absolutely insane mostly because I just don't think it will never be the same it'll you know like if you try to do it yourself or you get somebody else to do it there probably never going to be the same the second thing though is that is that the um is that I don't want any value to be connected to my phone right now if you steal my phone and I hit brick it it's going to Brick it like you're not gonna you're not gonna have but with unsigned components it means that um would you know does that mean that people could take it apart and use those parts you know in in uh fixing another non-authorized dealer would that be yeah I don't really think I mean I think the way things are built right now it's very difficult to do that at all it's just right but but the but the brain the main board there's so many components on it you know as we know the the the AIP a series chips is just basically got memory CPU and security and everything all built into one physical chip and then everything else just to support it on the main board so I I don't think unless they're modifying that board I I just don't think we're losing what no matter who repairs it quite honestly that's but I think that the push is to make sure that these components are more interchangeable and the argument is so that they can use more used phones but my sure thing is I don't want them to use more used phones because if they use used phones they're using Poss phone so that's like as the Apple user I think like I'm just like I I don't want to play well right and and I understand that and I and and I agree with you um but at the same time the customer's phone they should be able to to some extent should be able to do whatever they want with it I I'm kind of you know we've got the what's the guy out of New York has moved to Austin um I can't remember his name right now but he's big into the uh independent repair uh push but I don't personally I don't think that's an issue I just think we just have to make that individual Choice as to whether to go to an authorized place and or apple to have our devices repaired um as I I think when if you get it recycled if you decide to turn it in and and get rid of it um and recycle it through Apple then you know that it's definitely going to get properly disassembled and everything but I think the security features built in is not an issue I I I trust Apple that they've you know when they go through and you erase it then they're erasing it so yeah and what is the most common repair that you guys have to do iPhone screens got to be the single biggest one and batteries at least for us and and Jim and and Garrett please chime in and I I do have a couple more slides but I can call it good we're right into the questions answerers jump questions yeah that's great so I'm gonna stop sharing then okay that sounds great um yeah so so the uh so what are the um uh yes so screens and batteries so the screens people drop exactly they drop them and they you know they um and get them the next thing I think might be often is getting them wet um even though proven that the 14 will handle six feet cuz I fell into I was cleaning it I was on the phone and next thing I know I was underwater so so anyway it shook it off it was fine so um but but uh but so the newer ones are better at that but water damage has been a problem in the past and if you crack the screen and then have water then you have more water damage right so that's the other yes correct uh the other challenge is there still I thought that there used to be a is there still something that indicates whether it has interacted with water there liquid trip sensors that you could see uh those there's still some in there but they're not uh easily accessible anymore right right right um and uh the um and so the uh so that you have broken screens batteries going dead how how often how how often do people or how many years should people expect their battery to work well uh probably three years I'd say um and if it's a light user grandma she may only she may get four years out of it there and it's built in to the settings um that uh go to the battery settings you're going to look in there and you're going to see the health of the battery and apple considers a battery consumed at uh 80% and so if um like my last iphone um my iPhone 12 I was hanging out until the 15 Pro came out and uh when it came out I was still at 82% I thought I extended my Apple Care just so that in case my battery but guess what I didn't last so I got three years out of it myself so and and the um what generally affects battery life the most like so how as far as the health of your battery what can you do to if you want to treat your battery better is um you know it does high-powered uh charging do more damage uh does it leaving it on overnight do more damage there's all these things that people talk about is there what what affects it oh well basically don't do anything and apple handles it in the software um basically the the uh algorithm in it is going to charge up to about 80% and um that's the default and it optimizes the battery for you and so if you just let it do it you're fine now if you want to do anything else to help don't expose it to heat uh because heat is just electronics and batteries in particular are uh enemy so so leaving so leaving your phone out in the sun could o overall affect the the long long-term life of the of the battery not just that it won't work well then it won't work well potentially ever I mean you're taking it's kind of like being around loud music for our ears you know it's it it kind of Damages is that is that the case yes batteries are very sensitive to heat that's why that Apple charges it to 80% and then backs off because that last 20% takes more energy and it actually makes it hotter and so you know repeatedly day after day after day then that will affect the the longevity of your battery so just ideally don't yeah keep heat away from if you can um and and I've even been standing outside taking photos like during a you know I don't I forget what it was I stand out and my phone was exposed just to heat and it got overheated a little bit of course it'll warn you before it's dangerous but just keep that in mind don't expose it to heat keep that that's the first thing um and then just let it just let it go and and by the way um one thing is not exactly addressing what you're talking about but um a lot of customers like to swipe off their um apps out of memory just to keep their screen their app screen all clean that actually is not it's not damaging but it actually is not helpful um it does not make your phone more reliable um it actually uses a little bit more energy in order to uh restart those apps every time you you do that so if you're always swiping them out then there's no need in doing that and and it does use a little more energy so yeah now now G uh Garrett what are the what are the things that you that that you're dealing with on a on a regular basis um that is always you know that that you would love to tell people like hey if you just did this it would it would be better oh can't hear you still can't hear you I think you might have mute there on Zoom mute there I'm not on Zoom mute oh okay there we go there we go all right there we go it just popped up so someone's watching in the background uh the last tip even to continue on the battery side is um is buy major manufacturer cables and Chargers that respect the software and the hardware that's in the phone don't buy the 7-Eleven $3 cable that aren't certified it won't respect the software and the hardware and even if you you know you buy it the cheap one off Amazon or wherever you can feel that thing getting super hot well right it's not interpreting the feedback so that's the largest thing I mean Terry touched on putting the background apps you know keep your phone up to date there are occasionally glitches where you know One release will start eating the heck out of your battery and then a few days later Apple releases a fix for it so right no absolutely and Jim and Jim um uh let us know what what are the things that you wish that you could tell Apple users whether it's their phone or whether it's the computers the thing because you guys see all of this all the time um uh you know what is the thing you just go I just wish someone would stop doing that or I wish they would understand that for us we're in a college town and so uh there's obviously some different uh things that we see one of the things we've been seeing a lot of is actually fake airpods and uh so it's interesting because people think there's just a great price point you know I got these airpods for 50 bucks and then they stop working three months later they bring them in they look completely real but then as soon as you look at the serial number it's the same serial number that's been used a thousand times and uh so it's something where you know if it's too good to be true it probably is and so uh that definitely stands true for airpods and do you go go ahead Terry what I was going to say is that uh don't forget your Apple ID and password please that that is probably the single biggest thing we spend time on beyond the actual repair um it it's just getting it checked in we can't you have to remove find my device and um in order for us to do a service uh on it and so it it quite often well but we'll take them through the process now they may have to pay because if it's going to take extra time you know but um but we get them taken care of now I have an I have an old iPad that was part of my my my last company and it's disabled now is there any is can I bring it in is there anything is there anything I can do to bring it back to life you possibly can um if you don't know the Apple ID and password that was on it then you're going to have to show proof of purchase then we get apple to unlock it oh okay go yeah it's been sitting around all I want to do is make it a clock it's old like I'm just kind of like oh this would be a good little clock up here and and I and I but I was like I got to figure out how to how to actually get it and definitely I think everything I bought has been through Apple so I I you know I have to you know the or or through a authorized dealer so it's it's not like a you know bought something used off right as long as you have the receipt as long as you have the invoice if you can produce that then uh you can go to actually you can go to al- uh unlock do or al- support I forget there's a website we can find it if you want but basically so you can submit it and get it unlocked yourself and does your all like when you buy something from Apple it kind of automatically ends up in your you know as an Apple user in your Apple when you buy from an authorized reseller does it does the same thing happen does it get added to that system or you have to do it man okay if you're looking at mobile device management with apple business manager and things we do have to uh do a couple I'm just talking about as a user I think every computer that I every computer or device shows your store yeah but you're but if I buy it from an authorized re reseller the same thing happens right well it doesn't show up in your purchase history though that's the thing that's that that with your Apple ID is tied directly with apple it's going to show your whole purchase history what it does do though of course just like any other Apple device whether no matter where you buy it you sign in on your Apple ID it's going to be part of your Apple ID and your uh iCloud actually I guess it's Apple it's uh they've just renamed it I heard just uh today but anyway uh your Apple account or something something so but but no it's not in your purchase history that is the difference now uh for all of you you're you're called I mean often times value added resellers um you know so a lot of of the authorized resellers are considered and and so bars and I I used to work at a bar so uh um and uh what do you when you try to figure out what you're going to add to what what value you're going to add over the regular experience what are the kind of things that you guys focus on I'll start with you Terry and then we'll go we'll go okay um I I mean would just just that handholding um uh but but of course a lot of us like said earlier that we have a retail store so we also do our take care of our business customers now technically we're not a value added reseller but we obviously have to add value of some sort um but you know I think that just the fact that we're here we're local we know they um they we know our customers I mean there we don't have a turnover here like like you do in in much marger uh the mass retail well I think that that's the thing is that you're so if you're working with apple or working with a customer they don't want to go to the Apple Store and talk to it I mean an average person wants to go to the Apple Store and have a genius you know answer their questions or whatever but if you're a company you're trying to figure out how do I solve this specific problem like I'm not you know like I I need you know when I was buying computers we were buying them you know 10 at a time so and and I'm buying like this is what I'm looking for and what am I you know like and and have someone again that you can call like a person that you can call to do that uh Jim how do you focus on where where you where you kind of distinguish yourself from the average Apple experience sure so I mean we really try to have a completely closed system for everything um to make sure that we make you know that our customers are from when they first walk in the store till when they have the product and they have to come back for repairs we want to create the whole life cycle and make sure that we can cover that for all of it so uh you know for us it's finding the exact right product making sure that it's set up properly making sure they need service we there and then when it gets to time to retire the product to help them with the buyback of it to help them find the new one just a complete cycle for him yeah and and uh go ahead Garrett yeah for us I mean most of my Mac businesses I mean we are the IT department we're far cheaper than hiring an in-house it guy most of my larger clients are mobile device management so they buy a computer for me it's already in the database they turn it on all the programs they need everything all the settings it's automatically pushed out as soon as as soon as they turn the computer on and and log in so that's a huge time saer not only for me deploying software but obviously then it takes it they don't need an internal it Department absolutely that's that's a really interesting point of I I don't think I've used it that way but I could see you know a lot of times uh if you're a smaller company less than you know uh I don't know probably less than 100 computers you may not have an it not have a full it department or that it department is focused on something else um and so having somebody else to man an extra that really knows it it's a really interesting puzzle now and just want to add I just want to add to that real quick that you know we we have uh doctor's offices um dentist's office uh lawyers we have just you know the most of our customers are under 10 uh as far as business customers we do have one staffing agency where we manage um gosh 50 computers and about the same on iPads and they're spread All Over Texas so um we do most of that remotely and uh so we do use apple business manager we use addigy as our tool set and malware bites and you know all the other tools that that you'd need for a good it uh department so right absolutely um yeah Alex you had a question yeah so I've I've heard mixed things about this and and my question is about electronics recycling can you properly and fully recycle airpods cuz I've never had a straight answer on this do do they get dismantle can you reclaim the batteries from those um Garrett I can tell you what our recycling center does because we have a recycling center we specifically use that they're an advanced recycling center basically they have machines that Crush everything down and then separate it it all gets separated out into the boards and the batteries into the plastics it's really pretty cool and it's pretty much near 100% you know reuse and obviously the batteries can't but it all gets separated it's a it's a pretty wild process it's pretty cool to see what are you the most excited about wwc AI closed AI yeah right um I am looking forward to some of the handwriting uh things I've been really trying to figure out where my iPad fits I I'm I want handwriting but you know hopefully it'll be better I I I was like I don't know why like I don't know why Apple is is delaying the calculator until we saw the calculator then that was that was a lot of work Jim was there anything that that caught your eye at wwc as far as things that from from your perspective I mean definitely AI uh I think just the integration with uh chat GPT and it looks like gem is probably on the horizon uh I think those are some great Integrations that'll really make the products uh I don't think there's anything out there like it you're not seeing that on Android yet and so I think that really kind of is giving Apple a like up right now yeah keeping your stuff your stuff yeah I I think it's going to be interesting I think that I think the reason Apple stock probably jumped a fair bit is people realized that this is probably going to be the biggest upgrade cycle in the history of Apple in September and October because it's just you you basically if you have a phone that's older than the 15 Pro I think you're going to need a new and probably the the guess is that all the phones by then that are released will be able to handle the AI will be able to do the Gen emojis I mean I can I can already see my my kids have pretty good phones like you know like they're not they're not state-of-the-art but they're like 12 Pros you know because they were old ones that I was using um for some testing and everything else it's not bad for 14 16y old to have a 12 Pro um and uh the but I'm looking down the barrel of them wanting to have something new that will do the Gen mojis you know like that's the I think for for the high school kids and so I think it's going to be really interesting to see what happens next yeah um we've got a bunch of questions stacking up let's go ahead andum uh jump into them Alex yeah the first one's from Douglas carmichel with the switch to Apple silicon has the that made Mac repair much harder even with self-service repair parts availability go Garen actually I think the M1 makes it far easier you're an oldtime repair technician the way the wires and everything rolled through some of those old machines I've been a repair Tech for 25 years m one it's it's good because it's all on one board but the bad thing is is if you have something go bad any one thing it's all one board right pretty pretty easy I think the repairability is it more it's more repairable or less repairable I believe it's way more repairable interesting go Terry well I I I think that that he was referring to the self-service repair um and I I think it is a little easier for them for you to do it yourself but by the time they send you all this equipment and the time you take your time's worth something why do that why not just take it to an Apple authorized service Rider uh or an Apple Store whatever and just get it repaired you know but it's just it it just boggles the mind but it is less repairable in that that what he pointed out is the individual components on the board there's everything's all in the smaller space and it's just all it's modular and you know so it is easiest easier for us for sure to troubleshoot and get it done yeah I think that my my problem really is is that you know I used to work on mainframe computers I built a lot of things I've taken things apart and and I've taken my Macs apart and fix them I mean my very first upgrade to to to an Apple product was my Apple 2E uh which I I rewired I opened it up and I rewired it to directly connect its audio output directly to my stereo system so that was my and and my my forefather you know saw me you know he bought that he spent what I guess is in today's dollars $6,000 on a computer that um that I that I said I needed and like 2 days later my head is in my 12-year-old's head is in the in the computer with soldering iron and and U doing a couple you know add-ons and so on so forth and so but what I would say is that the the other side of that is is that I won't touch it anymore like because it's not just that I mean I can get it to work but as an apple I guess maybe as an Apple user the fit and finish is never quite the same again like I can feel that one little key that isn't quite as tight as the other ones are or if I look at it there's a little Edge to it that that I know that if I just taken it somewhere with someone who knew what they were doing like who does this all the time I mean I'm technically capable of doing it but I don't I didn't do 300 of them last year and so it's just there's a there is a practice of how everything should feel like you you pull at something you go do I pull hard do you need to pop it out or if I pull hard am I going to tear something and that's the part that you don't always know unless you watched a lot of YouTube videos and then until you've done it a couple times you just don't know yeah then yeah cuz you learn on the job and we've already made those mistakes so you know it's a but it's also Plumbing I I don't touch Plumbing anymore I'm I'm I totally respect it it's yeah I can physically do it but when I go around and was replacing these Valves and they started leaking uh even though they're anyway I don't so I let leave that to the professionals so yeah 100% next question Robert Shi in Los Angeles California writes in how do I find an Apple repair location for products that are older and out of warranty go ahead ter Terry well uh if you go I believe it's still loc. apple.com but basically you can search for any Apple authorized service provider now whether they deal with the older products or not that's a whole another thing now most of us at least in our collaborations and and talking to our fellow asmc members uh most of us do uh take on the older machines um now as long as Apple has designated it outside of the uh five or seven years which means it's uh uh vintage or obsolete then we can uh we can open that up to getting parts from different places um but as long as it's within now there's that 5 to seven years there's a little bit of gray a if the parts are available or not you know that kind of stuff from Apple but older devices outside of that period uh an an Apple Store won't touch it and they refer oftentimes to uh authorized service providers so yeah go ahead Garen yeah it's pretty much what Terry said I mean I know for us we go back roughly about 12 years uh once you're outside of that 5 to S pretty much most of us if we're Apple authorized service providers we're going back 12 years I mean as you know much more than that you can't even get close to a modern operating system do you still do you still get people coming in hanging on to their cheese graders oh my God I'm hoping to get another one in I need to set up another prot tools rig so I got a I got a cheese grater too I it's just a museum piece like I I like to you know there's a couple Macs back here and everything else coffee table legs I have I have my uh mine is mostly my wall of depreciation you know of all these old Macs and everything else that are sitting here um but I have a Mac one of them trying to figure out where to prominently place is my is my cheese grader that I don't think I I don't think it'll turn on but I still have the monitor for it too uh next next question next question is from Zach stallsmith and TOA New York I've taken my Apple products to Best Buy a few times as they are a certified Apple repair place and I've always walked away satisfied with their work is this a place that will continue to be available for Apple product repairs oh go Garrett yeah definitely I mean they're fully apple authorized uh our local Best Buys do send some things to us but if you're Apple authorized you've gone through rigorous training uh you have 95% C customer satisfaction so if you're happy with that experience then you know keep going Terry um the only thing about Best Buy is our local Best Buy is not authorized um for um max they have to send them off to a central repair facility and they'll tell you two weeks and I don't know if you could live without your Mac for two weeks there uh Alex no I I I have enough of them that I can usually spread it out but if my main computer went down I I would need it to be up pretty quickly yeah right well and that's the thing so and I I'm think I'm gonna go out on the limit and say that most best bu are not apple or Mac certified now they are uh certified for the iPhone in most cases but they also require appointments and that kind of stuff so but but as far as will they'll will they continue you know we get referrals all the time because our particular Best Buy does not have enough people that are certified because they have such a turnover so go Jim uh yeah same as Terry we see a lot of uh we get a lot of referrals from Best Buy and uh arza as well does not do Mac so uh we're happy to take those on and we can usually turn around within a couple of days versus two weeks of mailing well I think that's the real churn is really a challenge for any big box store is just that they just that you're not going to see the same people all the time and so they're not going to they're going to be there for a couple years they got certified they're doing their thing but then they're going to be gone you're not going to someone who's seen this for the last decade or two decades um you know going through uh next question next question is from Paul Wallace in Austin Texas I have a Mac Mini M1 with a dead ethernet port I use a dongle what typically causes ethernet port failure on M1 Mini Max and how can I troubleshoot It Go ahe Garen well that's that's probably the rarest component to go on on any machine uh troubleshooting if it's not showing up in your system preferences at all then it it my best guess would be a lightning strike across you know your your network and I see using a dle if you're out of warranty quite honestly a dle is going to be cheaper than a repair it's good go ah Terry well just miror exactly what he said just uh the dongle yeah if it's out of warranty now if you have Apple Care and it's still in warranty or whatever then you know uh there still are some m1s that would be under Apple Care should be so might get just double check you don't have Apple Care next question Robert Shi in Los Angeles ask what option are available for purchasing older refurbished repair parts that are no longer available from Apple good Jim so it's always tricky with h devices that are outside repair um you know generally you probably want to start with apple with Premier partners and service providers because a lot of Us carry parts that go back a long time and a lot of us have a large inventory of and we can help you out so I would definitely start with that obviously next option is eBay um you're probably getting pretty far in the weeds after that there's not a whole lot of other options and as far as refurbished ones I'd be real weary of that uh just because there's not a lot of great options that you can check them to be able to test them very easily how do you end up with a large inventory is it people like you people just you buy old computers or your customers me yeah I mean for us we have a lot of computers that uh you know someone they'll be a major component that failed it's too expensive repair they leave the computer with us but there's a lot of actually good components so we'll strip those off keep those because they might be something that we can use for testing purposes later and uh so we end up with you know over the years you stock start stockpiling stuff yeah now I got I ask you how how do you store them is it like one of those like little Uline like lots of little multiple Uline boxes everywhere yes go Garrett yeah the other one that we'll occasionally use uh is PowerBook medic they've been around forever uh they have 180-day warranty on their parts so it's great because Apple typically gives a 90day warranty so we have end up having to use like a power book medic part we're actually doubling that that warranty form so that's the other one we use quite often if I have to go to eBay I will but I obviously make sure the listing shows it as a guaranteed part and then we run it through all Apple extent of testing usually takes you know three hours to run it through Theos and and the lowle testing to make sure the board's actually good I don't believe the descriptions exactly next question David Bry in New York house Tech serve was the premier Apple sale and Repair Center in New York City for decades when the Apple Stores started popping up they shuddered how confident are you that this won't happen again Garren I have zero confidence that they won't open up a an Apple store across the street for me but it's been going on for 20 plus years as soon as I bought this business 25 years ago an Apple store opened up in town and it's just about different differentiate holy someone else can say that word different holy cow thanks uh because we offer a lot more you know we get a ton of work from the Apple Store because they they focus on a very narrow our local Apple Store doesn't do laptop repairs in house anymore so we can get it done in 24 48 hours so it's just we add well as a value added reseller we just add a ton more and a much better experience I know Terry and Jim are about the same my son's been with me for 10 years my wife's been with me for 20 a couple other employees have been here for 8 10 years years so we've seen it just about all yeah absolutely go Terry well just um again Echo what he just said but um we um in our case we're in a small out of town that Apple's not likely to come knocking on our door so I have to just be concerned or be aware of Best Buy or or some of the other larger places but uh but yeah just uh if it happens it happens but but I think also that Jim and Garrett we both agree that uh we're not sitting here betting our um uh our whole business totally on Apple because they could just drop us like a hat I mean just just and and so we need to be able to Pivot and be ready for that so I I mean we've always uh been cognizant of that so go ahead Alex someone who doesn't enjoy crowds and I'm sure I'm not the only one but I find Apple Stores chaotic and it's like a get in get out and I don't really enjoy going into them so any opportunity to go into like I'm from Canada so Simply Computing is a great independent uh place to go to for stuff like this and and I just feel like there's a little bit more of a personal one-on-one connection like you get to know the people that work there a little bit more and it's just a little more relaxed and not chaotic so I I think there's always a place for that right and and just a echo that of what you just said that that we know our customers we have customers just went to um uh Richie one of our guys just got married here a couple months ago and couple of our customers went to his wedding so how many Apple store employees have ever gone to a customer's wedding next question next question is from Douglas Carmichael how do aasps uh resellers usually recruit and train new employees could you see the IT training sector developing a commercial training pipeline or is that usually handled by the aasps sellers themselves go Garren we pretty much handle that ourselves we've tried hiring former Apple trained technicians but we're just such unique working so closely with the customer that we we've gone to hiring the personality long as they use an Apple product you know an iPhone a Mac whatever it's for us if you're Tech if you're technically minded It's it's not that hard um so we we we hire the personality and we we train the rest store they start up front handling the you know the senior crowd and the one-on ones and you learn it very quick and then obviously it's a very long path to take all the classes to actually be certified good Terry yeah um same thing uh we just uh just use our networking opportunities here locally the Chamber of Commerce um other customers let them know that we're hiring and and we're looking for someone we got a college here you know so just uh yeah just the traditional methods and and as far as yeah pip line uh yeah that I I mean we we just we've given up on trying to get this formal training it's all PC and and you've got attitudes that come out of the PC that hate Apple it's like well fine whatever you know we'll move on it's it's hard you know I think with anything it's always hard to you know the the how do you build that and it's harder for like when I do production we put people into as production assistants and we let them you know we kind of slowly work them out the hard part is is that you know when you're dealing with Hardware you're like you can't solder that to that and now we have to buy a new board like it's not a it's it's got to be hard to to put new people into actually touching the the hardware um you know as you as you go down that path it doesn't sound like you have a lot of turnover though so it's it's the same same folks doing it try not to yeah y next question Samuel nordick in Norway ask what are the options to repair iOS devices other than only screens and batteries good Jim um there's actually it depends on the phone but there's a ton of different options you can repair the back panel you can repair cameras you can repair the aptic motors there's there's just a lot more components than there used to be if you go back a couple years ago it was only screening batteries but now the phones are a lot more component based and a lot of more of those components are easily accessible and uh any authorized service provider can replace those on an individual basis without needing to replace the whole entire phone go ahe Garen yeah it's Bas I mean it'll just Echo what Jim said there's a ton of components we can replace now right down to Apple has gone away from replacing whole phone so we have what's called a a mid or a rear system where if you know your logic board's gone we can take your camera and screen put it on the new rear system or the mid system and it all gets married back together like it just came out of the Apple Factory next question John sneer and Reno Nevada ask what is the difference between an authorized repair shop and a corner store that swaps screens and batteries product training warranty Etc go Jim um I think Terry kind of covered this at the beginning but you know you're looking at the original Apple Parts as they're supposed to be it's I used to use the example of it's like buying a Ferrari and going to Jiffy Lube to get the service on it you can do that it's just probably not the best idea and so um you know you're looking at Apple warranty obviously if it's something where you've got Apple Care on the device it's going to continue that you're not going to have a problem with there's a laps of coverage um you just have a lot you know we're not taking a battery that we yanked out of someone else's phone and shoving it in your phone it's going to be new products from Apple and so there's just a lot more uh kind of a a better path of uh making sure everything's up to par good Garen yes somewhat of the the same thing I mean we get a lot of phones in here that came from third party places something broke the other big thing is it's not so much on the newer phones but on some of your older phones where the receiver and some of that stuff was part of the screen if you watch some of the YouTube videos of the self-repair folks they're actually transferring those those components over where with us if you get a if you need a new screen it comes with the receiver the touch ID it's a full component and obviously since it's apple and married with the hardware you're you're not getting those screen variations you when the third party screen comes in I can pretty much tell you it's a third party screen just looking at it next question David Brady in New York City asks I should have fired up the Tam and joined up what is the best best way to preserve the rubberized keyboard well I'll chime in real quick I I I didn't know about the rubberized keyboard but what he's referring to is the 20th anniversary Mac and um I I don't know about the rubberized part of it but I think if um now if it's already working and it's continuing to work I'm not really sure what you can do to keep it in good shape if that's what they're meaning uh or if they're wanting to get it repaired or refurbished um you might look at like what he had talked about um Garrett what was the the place uh the the parts that you were talking about the place the third party third party Parts power book medic and and keep out of the humidity right yeah okay so you know I I it was funny I um we were during covid you know we used a lot of ultraviolet you know um uh and we had you know you knew that it was a real ultraviolet uh sterilizer when it says you can't be in the room when you turn it on like you know like you know like it's like like the little ones with a little waving thing you're like H maybe it works maybe it doesn't work but then there's ones you can put on that are just like whack the room with an incredible amount of ultraviolet rays and um even a glimpse of it hurts you know like it's a lot of lot of uh lot of ultraviolet rays and I was talking to someone about it and they said oh uh don't do that with rubber because it'll Dam you know the ultraviolet rays will will damage the Rubber and I was like does that mean that leaving things like at a window next to the sun does damage and he's like oh yeah was like like like things in this he goes the sun is a really powerful thing that keeps us all alive but he goes but rubber just destroys rubber um and uh and so when you have your um and I don't have that problem because I I've been in offices that look like caves my entire life like I first thing I do is cover all the windows you know like so that I have control of it but but that is definitely something that that makes a difference um next question next question is from Daniel Patridge in Rochester Minnesota in the late n 1990s Apple had the online learn and earn program for dealer product sales training do they still offer dealers much in the way of product sales training on new products since they created their own stores and fewer dealers are around now go ahead Garen yeah we have a huge uh uh sales training side and the certification side for uh technicians there are mandatory classes we have to take as far as customer privacy um the health battery handling so yeah there is a huge amount of resources for us to stay up to dat and like I said they're mandatory go tering um and in addition to that um each of us uh have access through asmc we've gotten trainings uh from other um from customer service U type uh experts um Bob fibs right that I know um Garrett took advantage of him he's like the retail guy um the retail doctor actually and uh he um uh provides the the takes we take that knowledge that Apple provides about the products and then we combine that with uh his training and and you've actually got a a Powerhouse of a of a salesperson there so that's but we don't get any learn and earn there's no I guess the earn is only if you're on commission but they don't do that Apple didn't pay us anything next question Douglas Carmichael ask have you ever had customers come in with vintage Maxs do you turn them away or do you charge time and materials on a best effort basis for the job good Jim um we definitely get a lot of vintage backs that come in um we try not to turn them away there are obviously times where it's just beyond economical repair and it doesn't make sense um but we have some customers we've got attorneys that they're up there in age and they still like running their classic system and uh that's what their software's on and we're not going to try to convince them any other way and so we do the best we can to try to piece meal things together and keep them up and running it usually is time of materials just because uh it's not a flat rate um but we definitely try to make sure that we can keep those machines going as long as we can go ahead Garren yeah we don't charge exra we do the same thing you know if you really want to keep your your cheese grater rolling then you know we'll get it I know those Pro Tool cards cards are expensive um so yeah we do the same thing it's not a special rate we just you know we charge normally and and hopefully they walk away happy and when they're ready to buy another one they remember us go Alex and how extensive do you get as far as repairs on Vintage Mac so for example like if I brought in a Mac SE like 30-year-old Mac and the P all all the capacitors are just bleaking or blown in the power supply section of the logic board do you guys do stuff like that will you recap aboard we will not uh just because the fact that if Apple comes in and sees a soldering gun real close to us uh there are definitely going to be problems yeah that I think that's where The PowerBook medic maybe I don't know if they'll do it um and you might find some people that do that but I yeah I we we something that old probably turn them away but you know next question Greg McFarland and Boston Boston Massachusetts ask are there any specific Apple product repairs that you think a techsavvy could do without significant risk or issues go Garen I think your your techsavvy especially with the right to repair you you can pretty much do about everything obviously watch your static the big issue comes in with your your self-repairs by the like Terry said earlier if you get all the once you get all the tools and your the part and yes if you do self-repair Apple will marry those parts back together um but the cost is can pretty much be more than bringing it to a repair center but any Apple Savvy person I think could could handle it the the biggest worry is batteries you don't want to puncture a battery you don't want to bend a battery because you know there's not great chemicals in those good yeah that just a yeah the safety factor is is the biggest thing and and damaging your product and costing you more there's no warranty on the parts that Apple sends you that way when you do a self-repair so keep that in mind and also know that if there the independent repair providers there is no warranty from Apple or through us when the these third party this this I'm going to use CPR cuz they're big when but a lot of those guys have gotten their independent repair program authorizations and and they'll if if the cellular doesn't work after they replace the screen uh we can't do it we can't touch it we literally have to refer back to that independent repair provider so so that's the biggest issue um we have if we did it if we mess it up we'll either have to pay or we if there there was something wrong with the process and so we get apple we work with them you're backed with with anything that we do so next question Robert Shi in Los Angeles ask could your three guests please provide their contact information a lot of interest here I think we have that information in the uh in the email that goes out uh and if not we'll make sure to add it to that as a as an addendum so stay tuned for that um and one more question this one's from RZ humph in comok British Columbia Canada what are the chances your business would expand into Canada focus on West First please go ahead Jim um so it's a little difficult because Apple actually breaks every country down to their own contracts so for a us-based company to expand into Canada it's not just an expansion it actually would require a completely separate contract to be there in Canada and uh for a lot of us that's just difficult to do so there are some other resellers that are already in Canada my suggestion is maybe reach out to them and see if they can consider expanding that would be a much easier one just so people know what areas you do serve uh Terry where where are you uh coming in from well well keeping in mind we're all independent dealers or resellers and service providers and apple consultants and so we're spread all over the country and into Canada and uh into the Yukon I think above and so it's just a matter of searching going to the Apple locator for Canada or the Apple locator for um uh for the US and you can put in your zip code and then it will show you if you want to buy a Mac or but specifically just people know where you guys are coming from uh Terry oh we are oh I'm sorry yeah I'm in witw Falls Texas so I'm North Texas about 120 miles Northwest of Dallas Fort Worth got it and Jim uh Gainesville Florida oh nice and uh Garrett Buffalo New York fantastic gentlemen thank you so much for your time it was really really great to have you here on the show and and dive into a lot of these repair questions I think a lot of it is a little mysterious to folks and we talk about it and it was really good to have you come here and clarify a bunch of stuff for us we really appreciate it well thank you so much for having us I I'm I was this is a good opportunity to kind of educate folks on what other options there are and gosh it it's a it's a one it's a lifetime opportunity here we're going to try to get you guys to come on to our panel you saw the first hour of the panel and having one of you guys on every once in a while me just means that we have someone that can answer Tech I've been working that for the last you've seen me pop in as you're going through so I've been working that I didn't get I I was on the I was there and available but there wasn't a question I could answer so last week so so so so uh so just we'd love to see you guys on to be be available to answer some of these questions because I think we get more the funny thing about being on the panel is is that we get more questions uh when people regularly are showing up and they go oh Terry's going to be here or Garrett's gonna be here or Jim's gonna be here like they they start to see you there and then they go oh I can ask these questions because they're there in the panel but it takes a little time for that to build up so this is a great introduction to that hopefully we'll see you guys again and thanks to the rest of the panel can't do this without you uh answering the F the questions in the first hour being part of the second hour uh thanks to the uh producers out there asking all the questions uh this is a real short show without the producers uh supplying those questions we've answered over 55,000 questions in the last four years um and and we really appreciate everybody's contribution to making that actually possible and thanks to the incredible production team management team prod um uh development team that makes this product possible uh this is definitely not a uh you know not your average Zoom meeting and that that is really driven by um an incredible set of team teams a group of teams there probably 30 40 people that that either work during the show before the show after the show to make sure that it happens every single day s days a week uh 365 sometimes 366 days a year uh so we really appreciate everybody's contribution there now we now the talo traversal if we had had to travel around asking these questions and gone to everybody's house and asked the questions here we would have traveled 57,000 miles that's 108,000 kilometers and that is 533 million bananas for scale all right let's go ahead and jump into after hours thanks guys that was great all right good to have you on thank you so much well thanks for having us um I don't know Garrett and uh Jim are y'all interested in uh we're gonna try to drag down come every once in a while yeah I bought this cool new microphone so you know now I have to use it oh now you're committed now you have no choice you know Jim we got to get you on the microphone uh thing we we'll drag you in there but you know I do think that if on Fridays for instance if one of you was here every Friday you know what would happen is the first four to six weeks you maybe have a question or two but what'll happen is people will know oh there's a there's someone to answer Mac hardware questions every Friday um you start to see a what what what we see is that you start to see a pickup you know um if if someone's there every time so maybe you guys that's been yeah okay great fantastic yeah certainly all right thanks all right

- How To Master Reset Mac Mini M1 And  macOS Monterey Clean Installation: Kind: captions Language: en all right so this is mac mini 2020 m1 cheap one and today i'm gonna show you in this video how to reinstall system or let's say master reset all right so by the way any mac or windows pc uh not similar to android phone or smartphone that you can press on reset and does happen everything within a second okay it takes time anyway because the system is quite big so today as you can see this machine uh uh i'm gonna send it to somebody else that i don't know so i just wanna reset it then i thought what about if i reinstall the system as you can see that's the configuration so today i'm going to connect this machine to the internet i love always wire connection while i try to reinstall the system because this is much more stable than wireless connection so first of all what i'm gonna do i'm gonna turn it off completely shut down and then i'll press and hold the power button until i see the settings logo on the screen this one will take us to the recovery option okay so press and hold until you see the actual icon on the screen and this one will take you directly to the recovery option include reinstallation and everything so just select the options one that's the one on right hand side you can click it you can use any external you know like wireless or wired mouse and keyboard if you'd like uh this one will take little bit of time to get into the main screen until you see the actual main page so here we go as you can see there are four options we're gonna go into the disk utility the bottom one all right by the way by getting into the disk utility and resetting the actual disk or reformatting would delete your data so click on continue on the meantime what you're going to do we're going to connect a internet connection either wireless or wet as i've said i always like to have wired connections so i'm gonna connect my rg45 cable so from disk utility as you can see the top one machine touch hd and on the top right hand side you can see eric if you do average he's gonna delete everything and reach mac and it's gonna ask you for the confirmation and system would restart and your mac mini would be completely blank with the operating system all right so once it restarted then i will show you how to reinstall the now your drive is ready to reinstall the actual system if you do struggle with your mouse and keyboard then you might can use wired connection one because the system would recognize easily as you can see i had little bit of struggling then i had to often on my wireless apple keyboard and mouse all right so as you can see here now it shows you the language we're going to select it and hit enter so let's choose the second option to reinstall the system not the disk utility anymore and this one takes little bit of time it depends on your internet connection and everything and how busy is the actual operating system server is okay so it took for me about almost almost 35 to 40 minutes because my internet connection was super super slow so i'm gonna fast forward the video until it finish and hopefully you would enjoy the rest of the video and if you'd like please don't forget to subscribe thank you [Music] foreign you

  Top Comments:
  1. @FreezingFroggie [1 likes]: You can also make a bootable macOS usb stick to install it faster
  2. @TWITCHXCKY [1 likes]: Nah if you have a Mac mini and you accidentally deleted the boot thingy this method should work perfectly. It worked for me and I tried everything soon as I powered the system on and help the option key it gave me a option to reinstall the driver and once it finished downloading all my saved information was there
  3. @perspectivefilms2798 [1 likes]: I don´t used to let coments but this video really helps me, so thaaaaaaanks a lot!!
  4. @camiariasc [1 likes]: I did all the steps and doesn’t work😭😭😭😭 what can I do?
  5. @Zztop8791: this doesnt Factory reset, it only fresh installs the current version installed
  6. @musicomarc6129: This technique did not work for my Mac mini 2014. Thanks anyway anyways.
  7. @chipsapnupuas3602: i hold down my power button but my mac just turns on, no recovery mode or nothing
  8. @Nobody55555: I have forgot my password and can't reset it through the apple id.. so can i use it after reseting it completely and will i need password
  9. @nithishprabhuvlogs1191: Thankyou ❤
  10. @Spadetattooboss: What about if I don’t have an internet connection
  11. @ItsMadalyB: I bought a Mac mini and it let me in, no password required. I went to settings. I was about to put all my information in and I had to leave so I left it on. I came back and it said password required and I didn't put one in, 
so I freaked out. I was about to contact the company and  send this back and go through the freaking headache, but then I started looking on YouTube and I found one guy and he kind of showed me, but he didn't really tell me and I tried it and it didn't work.
Then I find you and you tell me to put the TV to sleep but leave the Mac on and I tried it again and now I'm waiting for the three hours reset that you showed..
So thank you for saving me the time of going through the return shipping and all of that mess
  12. @shivnishad5170: Thank you very useful video
  13. @aryank.s7054: Fod those who are facing black screen problem just press enter .. it's just a screen time out - i was scared too ..
  14. @bennkras6802: thank u✌
  15. @kellymendez: Me too blank screen
  16. @Sanfrancisable: In my case I’m trying to do the set up. I got to the page with Language chooser. I click on the language but the arrow to move forward does highlight to be clicked
  17. @iceburg2k: Thank you 👍🏾
  18. @cheriflahoubi1175: Thank you so much, i will sell my mac in few dans and i didn't know how i can do that.
  19. @jordanwong9720: Just to help the rest ppl. 

Hold the button only after you see small beam of light. 

Next, go ‘option’ delete the volume name “Macintosh HD” and the “data”. Once done. Just restart on top left. 

Next, do the same, hold till you see the option. And then press ‘reinstall macOS’
  20. @KitKalvert: Would this need to be done on an Amzon refurbishment?

- The M4 Mac Mini Homelab - It Runs Local AI, Plex/Jellyfin, and a NAS: Kind: captions Language: en Sometimes people think that you need bunch of high-end servers to run a home lab. Well, today I'm here to tell you that you absolutely don't need that. What you really need is a basic M4 mini and you should be able to put together a home lab just in a couple of hours. And that's exactly what I'm going to show you in this video. This is a long video, so feel free to skip to any part of the video. So, if you own a Mac Mini, especially an M4 Mac Mini, or you're thinking about buying one, stay with me because I'm going to show you how to turn that box into a home lab. And with that, you can run a media server, a local AI server, even run Docker containers for running different services, a VPN, even run home assistant. You could even run your favorite note-taking app. The possibilities are endless. Okay, real quick for anyone new to this, let me explain what HomeLab even is. A home lab is just a computer or computers that run services for you. These are running locally, meaning running in your house. And typically, these are running 24/7, so that services are always available. Now, think about all the stuff that you're paying for right now. If you have Google Photos, Netflix, Dropbox, iCloud, and you may even have a VPN subscription, and maybe you also have a subscription to a note takingaking app. So, those things add up quite quickly. A HomeLab replaces all of that. You can run your own services that replace Netflix using JellyFin or Plex. You can run your own photo backup server using Image. You can even run your own VPN using wireguard or even use tail scale. You can even use different dashboards like graphana. You could use password managers for storing all your passwords. You can even run some local note takingaking apps like docost. And the best part is all of this is running locally meaning no monthly subscriptions. Plus these have absolute privacy because you're running them on your own hardware locally. Now typically every home lab has two parts. First part is services and that's running something like Docker to run all the apps and then the second part is a NAS storage and that's mainly reserved for storing all your photos, backups, movies, videos and all your content. And in today's video, we're going to try to set up both all on the Mac Mini because it does definitely have the power to do it. Now, most businesses spend thousands or hundreds of thousands of dollars on hardware to do this. Now, to be fair, those businesses have thousands of users sometimes, and for that, it does need some beefy hardware, but at home, you may be the only user, or you may only have handful of users at home using these services. You need something just like a Mac Mini cuz it's got a good M4 processor in it that's more than capable of running multiple services and even act as your NAS storage server. Here's where the HomeLab community loses people. You watch one video and suddenly you think you need to go out and buy a beefy computer with tons of compute and tons of storage. I'm here to tell you that your Mac Mini with some hard drives can build out your entire home lab and get you started. And get this, when it comes to power consumption, the M4 Mac Mini sips on power. It mainly uses 5 to 25 watts of power. most of the time. If you have these power hungry servers like I do, we're running anywhere from 100 to 200 watts of power depending on the load. Also, the Mac Mini silent, there's practically no noise most of the time and it just costs $5.99. And let me just say this plainly, if someone is going to build out a home lab and run a handful of services, a Mac Mini with some hard drives is probably more than enough to get started. All right, enough about that. Now, let's get started. So, to do this, I'm going to need a Mac Mini. This right here is the base model Mac Mini that I have that comes with a 256 gigs of storage and 16 GB of unified memory. Now, this has the 10 core M4 chip. One downside with using the base Mac Mini is that it does not have enough storage. If you start doing a lot of things on the Mac Mini for HomeLab related stuff, you might find yourself running out of storage very fast because 256 gigs of storage is not enough. So to overcome that, what I've done is I'm using this docking station called the Beink Mate Mini. And what this is is basically a docking station that lets you, you know, connect different peripherals. Plus the bonus part is that you can connect up to two NVME SSDs and each of those could be four terabytes which is quite huge you know. So what a lot of people have been doing is that taking their Mac Mini and then using the Mate Mini and what they do is they move their home drive from the internal Mac Mini drive onto the external drive on the Mate Mini or any external drive in general. And then what that does is that it takes your 256 gig storage up to a terabyte without replacing anything and without avoiding any warranty. So that's a good option if you want to do that. In my case, I went ahead and did that. You can find bunch of videos out there that can show you how to do this. But if you want me to do it, let me know in the comments below. If this video gets over 250 likes, I will definitely make a step-by-step guide on how to move your home drive from your internal Mac Mini onto an external drive or a docking station in this case. Now, if you do want to pick up this docking station for yourself, I'll link that in the description below. It is a little on the pricey side, but the benefit is that you can hook up to two NVME SSDs and you can, you know, put a lot of storage and content on here. Plus, it's really fast. It's actually faster than the internal Mac Mini's uh SSD. For setting up the NAS storage, I'm going to be using something like this. This is uh external hard drive storage by a company called Sentmate. And what this allows me to do is put up to two mechanical hard drives in there. And in my case, I have two 4 TBTE drives. So, we're going to go ahead and put that and connect it with a Mac Mini. All right. Just to show you how everything is connected, I have my Mac Mini right down there. And that's connected with the Mate Mini dock. And to that, I'm going to be connecting this, you know, external hard drive enclosure. So, let me go ahead and connect it. And I'm going to go ahead and turn it on. So, now everything is connected and ready to go. Now, I'm going to start it as if I have a brand new Mac Mini. So, I went ahead and reset mine and I'm starting fresh. One thing to note is that I'm not going to be connecting to iCloud for this step. So if you are, you can, but in my case, I'm not going to be connecting. Now that we're booted up, the very first thing I'm going to set up is, you know, set up my NAS. Now, to quickly explain what a NAS is, NAS stands for network attached storage. But in simple words, think of it like a central file server where you can put all your photos, videos, music, any kind of content. As long as it's a file, you can put it there and it's readily available whenever you need it on your home network. And then use services like Jellyfin that could just, you know, make it stream and make it available to your mobile phones or even your TV. For my example, all of the videos I've made so far, plus all of the movies and all of the home videos live off of my NAS that's back there. Plus, I can go back 10 years and look at all the family videos that I made so that I don't lose anything. Next thing we're going to do is open up a dis utility. All right, so the first thing I'm going to do is open up a dis utility. And then we have two of the hard drives showing up here. I know that because my hard drives are 4 TBTE each. So, these two are there. These drives are not formatted in the proper Apple format, which is APFS. So, what we're going to do is erase this drive and we're going to leave it untitled for the name. But then the format will be APFS or Apple file system and hit erase. Once that is done, we're going to do the same exact thing for the other drive. Okay. So, now I have two untitled drives. Now, I could use them separately, but in my case, what I want to make sure is that if one drive were to crash, I still have data backed up on the other one. And for that, I'm going to be using something called RAID assistant. And I'm going to be using RAID one for this. So, we're going to keep the dis utility open. Click on disk utility. Go to RAID assistant. And then we're going to choose mirrored, which is RAID one. And you can read the different RAID formats real quick. Striped or RAID zero is for efficiency and fastness. So if you have two drives, it's going to split data across the two. As a result, you get faster read and write speeds. And then JBOD basically concatenates or combines two drives. So in my case, if I wanted 8 TB of storage, I could use that. And my two 4 TB will become 8 TB. All right. I'm going to click next. I'm going to choose the two drives. So, my two are the Western Digital 4 TB. I'm going to click next. I'm going to call this one NAS drive. You can call it whatever you like. And then the format, we'll just choose, you know, APFS. Chung size. I'll boost that up to 64K. And then hit next and create. Now, in any case, if you have good drives, make sure that you back up your data. Cuz in my case, these were not even formatted correctly to begin with. But if you have like nicely formatted drives and you're planning to do this, always make sure you back up your data. Or if you're okay with losing that data, then you know, just account for that. Okay. So, now we can see that our RAID has been created and we have our NAS drive. Next thing I want to do is set up or create a user that would be able to access these files on the NAS drive. And that's mainly for using your iPhone or any other computer, whether it be tablet, a laptop, an Android, or anything. Anything should be able to connect to this if it's on the same home network. Now, to get started, the first thing I'm going to do is go to settings and create a user that is only going to be mainly for accessing these files. So, I'm going to search for users and groups. And then I'm going to go ahead and add a user. And then I'm going to have to unlock this. And then we're going to create a standard user here. So, to give it a name, it's just a service account. Its main purpose is to access files from the NAS drive. So, I'm just going to call it NAS user. And then I'm going to give it a password. And then I'm keeping it very generic. So that's the password in this case. I'm going to go ahead and create the user. Now the NAS user account has been created. Next thing we're going to do is open up settings again and look for sharing. If I can spell right. Come on. And we're going to look for sharing in here. And then what we're going to do is enable file sharing. So I'm going to go ahead and enable that. Now, if I click on the information, these are the public folders that are currently shared on this Mac Mini across any device on my home network. But I don't want to use that. What I want to do is use my NAS drive, which is the 4 TBTE drive. And I only want to share that so that, you know, I could move files, videos, and put content on there. So, what I'm going to do is I'm going to go ahead and remove these. We're going to start fresh. So, we're going to go ahead and remove all these. And we're going to go ahead and remove all the other users. So, I don't need staff. And I don't need everyone, but I cannot get rid of it. The only user that matters here is the NAS user, cuz that's going to be our main user for accessing all the files. I'm going to go ahead and hit plus. And I'm going to choose my NAS drive. And then I'm going to hit open. And I want to make sure that my NAS user has read and write access. And then I'm allowing full disk access for all us. Leave that for now. If you look at it inside, we do want uh Windows to be able to do this as well. So I'm just going to check NAS user. And then I'm going to have to enter a password and then hit done. And then I'm going to hit done again. And that's it. That's pretty much it for the NAS drive. Now I should be able to access these files from anywhere on the home network. And that's pretty much it. Our NAS is all set up and ready to go. As long as the Mac Mini stays open and doesn't turn off, the NAS server should be up and running and we should be having no issues connecting and moving files and data across. All right, just to show you that everything is working, I'm going to go ahead and go on my MacBook Pro and try to connect to the new NAS drive and move some files over. So on the MacBook Pro, what you got to do is press and hold command K and then connect to server will pop up in here. We're going to type in the IP address. So it's going to be SMB colon slash the IP address. Now, if you don't know where to get that IP address, just go back to sharing and then click on the information icon on the file sharing and then it should have the server address at this point. So, we're going to go ahead and hit connect. Now, it's going to ask you for a username and password. So, we're going to put in the user that we created, which is NAS user. And then for the password, I'm going to put in the password, which was files one. And then I'm going to hit connect. Now, it's going to show up two options. What we want to connect on is the NAS drive that I created earlier. So, I'm going to hit okay. And now we're connected. So, if I go down, I see the server. I see NAS drive. I'm going to go ahead and go in. And then you can see I already put some files and folders already on here. So, I have some photos on my MacBook Pro. I'm going to move them over here. And those are getting transferred over. It's about 1 GBTE total. Some photos, some videos. And as you can see, everything is moving pretty smoothly. Okay. Okay, now that my files are transferred over, if we go to the MacBook and I'm going to go into the NAS drive and then in here we can see we have some photos folder and in here I have the photos that I just transferred over. All good so far. Now, I already went ahead and moved all of the files and videos that I ever created for this channel on here. So, we're going to come back to my MacBook Pro and try to play some. Okay. So, I'm going to go to Mac exports and then I'm just going to open up the $500 home server video that's on my local NAS and I'm going to go ahead and play it. And as you can see, everything is playing off of my Mac Mini on my MacBook Pro over Wi-Fi. So, everything is working pretty fast and pretty good. Now, one thing to note here is that in order for all this to work, you need to make sure that your Mac Mini is always on. For that, you could use tools like empmphetamine, which is what I use here. So, you could download and install empetamine, and you can set your Mac Mini to indefinitely. And that makes sure that it never turns off. It's always on and always ready to go. Now that we have our Mac Mini Naz up and running, I'm able to put tons of files and content on there. So, now that I have some videos on there, next thing I want to do is set up a media server. And for this, I personally like using JellyFin because it's really easy to set up and configure. For this, I'm going to go to Jellyfin's website. So, you can just Google that. And then this is what it looks like. Now, we're going to go ahead and hit download. And then, depending on your operating system, this works for Windows, Linux, Mac OS, and even runs on Docker containers, which we'll get to later. But for the purposes of this and to keep things simple, I'm going to choose MacOSS and I'm going to be using ARM 64 because this is the M series Mac Mini. If you have a Intelbased one, you could use AMD. So, I'm going to go ahead and download the first file here. All right. Now that we have Jellyfin downloaded, I'm going to go ahead and run the installer. And I'm just going to go ahead and move it into the applications folder. And then we're going to go inside and launch Jellyfin. Okay, once it's been launched, there should be a little triangle icon on the far right. And you can go ahead and hit launch in here. And that's going to launch the, you know, setup page. So in this, you can name your server whatever. I'm just going to leave it default, but you should definitely rename it if you're going to be using it. The username, password. Yes, sure. Save the password. Now, next step is add the media library. Okay, we can hit add. The content type could be, you know, mixed home videos and photos cuz that's what I have. And for the folder, we're going to expand that. And then we're going to go to volumes and find our NAS drive right there. So, I'm going to hit that and hit allow. And then I'm going to hit okay. Okay. And my home videos are on there now. Hit next. So, immediately I can see all of my videos that I've created in the past for this channel. So, if I click on any one of those, I can start playing them right away. And pretty much all of my media content is here. So, I'm just putting my videos on here, but if you got like Blu-rays that you can rip and put those on here, or any kind of movies that you have, any kind of TV shows, you can put the whole thing on this drive and you should have no problem streaming it on your TV, on your Android device, your tablet. You could use it anywhere you go as long as you're on the home network. Just remember to download the Jellyfin app on your phone, tablet, even your TV. Now, to quickly show you that I'm able to stream from my phone, I'm going to go ahead and do that. So, right there, you can see I'm able to play it. It's working right from the Mac Mini on my iPhone through Wi-Fi. Now, we're going to shift gears and look at AI running local AI models on the Mac Mini itself. And to do that, the best thing to do is you could download either LM Studio or Olama. I personally prefer using Olama, but by all means, you can download LM Studio and use that. So to do that, head over to Olama. So once we're here, we can click on download and then download for Mac OS and hit allow. Once that's done, we could go ahead and install it. So, I'm going to run the Olama DMG and then I'm going to move the file into the applications folder and I'm going to go ahead and launch it and hit open and then put in my password and that's going to launch O Lama. So, to make sure that it's running, you should see a llama up here on your notification bar and then click on open lama and then we're ready to launch it. So, we're going to go to new chat and then select a model. So right now there are many models out there but the popular one that's been working very good for me personally is going to be Gemma 4. So I'm going to search for Gemma 4. Now there are big models and small models. I personally prefer using the E4B meaning that it's using 4 billion active parameters at one time but by all means you could choose just Gemma 4 by itself. I'm going to go ahead and use this one. And then I'm just going to say hello. And what this is going to do is going to go ahead and start downloading the Gemma 4 uh model onto my local Mac Mini. So with this I'm able to run local AI models and this is pretty good for you know writing up emails. It's good for doing some light coding. It's even good for you know doing some u video scripting work like if I have to fact check a few things it can allow me to do that. You can even enable web search. So if it doesn't know something, it can quickly go run a web search and get the latest greatest content and then help you, you know, finish the task. So the benefit of this is that if you're using Chad GBT or Claude, those are definitely superior models when you're using Claude code and all those advanced features. But for basic lightweight stuff, if you want to save your tokens and credits, you could definitely use local AI on your Mac Mini. Okay, so it finally finished downloading it and then my it responded to my hello. So I can just say write an email to Samsung requesting them to demo their latest smartphone. So it's going to go ahead and start thinking and running its basic, you know, AI models locally. So the key thing is everything is running on the Mac Mini itself all locally. As you can see, it's thinking. It's looking at, you know, what I should do to complete the task. And I mean, there's one downside that it does take a little bit of time. So, if you were to put this in the claw, you would immediately get the response. But then here, it's not that bad either. While I was talking, it went ahead and, you know, started answering it. So, here's, let me go wider here. So here's the first uh you know option one which is you know potential buyer most common journalist reviewer and it's continuing to write it. So you know for corporate business interest so as you can see it's giving bunch of options it is doing a lot of work and it's you know overall very good. Now this is the most basic way to run AI. The only downside is you have to get on the Mac Mini in order for you to use this application. However, there is another way which is by installing the Olama through CLI and then installing Open Web UI. And then what that allows you to do is you can then access that model or that service, the Olama service through your mobile phone as long as you're on the same network. I'm not going to show that in this video, but do let me know in the comments below if you want to see that. And not only can help me with, you know, writing, it can help me with coding. So, next thing I'm going to try is write a Python script that creates four folders and just give them generic names. So, it's going to start thinking of that. And then by the end of it, I should have a script that should be able to create some folders. And there you have it. It's got the code. Now, I'm not going to test it, but generally nine out of 10 times it should work on the first go. All right, so that pretty much concludes running local AI on your hardware. Now, do note that you, you know, with Olama, you can change models on the fly. So if you're not liking the response here with Gemma E4B, you can switch it to, you know, a different model like Quinn 3, Quinn 3.5. There are many that are out there. Now, do note that, you know, the bigger models like, you know, Quinn uh 27B or Gemma 26B or, you know, even 31B will not work on this particular Mac Mini. But if you got a Mac Mini with a more uh you know unified memory, if you got 24 gigs or 32 gigs or more, you should be able to run bigger models. Since I have the base Mac Mini, I only have 16 GB of VRAM that only allows me to run smaller models. Lastly, I'm going to show you how to run Docker and Docker containers. And that's the main thing the home lab is about, you know, running bunch of different services that are running 24/7. So if you do run Docker, you can unlock running so many different services. Maybe not all at the same time, but the important ones could run 24/7 while you scale up other ones when you need them and turn them off and you don't. So next thing we're going to do is install Docker. And for that, we're just going to Google Docker. Download Docker desktop. And then I'm going to choose download for Mac Apple Silicon since I have a M4 chip on my Mac Mini. So, we're going to go ahead and download that. And then we're going to run the DMG file so that we can move it over. It is a bigger file, so it might take a few seconds for it to get moved. And once we have that, we should be able to find Docker. Double click to launch it. Hit open. Hit install. It's going to install the latest version and packages, whatever it needs to get running. And then the service agreement. We can accept that. And then use recommended settings. Sure. And then it's going to ask you for the password. and it's asking for network access. So in this case, I'm going to allow that since I want my services to run on my local network. And then we're going to skip that. So now we have Docker up and running. One way to tell if it's running down on the left it says engine running. So that means everything is good to go. Now you can go into settings and then go down and go to advanced and then you can tweak how much you know resources do you want to give it. So currently it's got all 10 core CPU. You can scale that down or up. And then you can give it more uh unified memory. In this case, I'm going to leave everything as is and close it. So now in order to build our docker, I like using docker compose files. And the best way to explain that is that it's just one configuration file that has all the instructions for us to start and run the service. To give you an example, here's what we need to do. So the first thing you want to do is select uh a folder. So, I'm going to go into documents. I'm going to create a new folder and call it Docker containers. Okay. And then in there for every service we're going to spin up, we're going to put a Docker container uh folder for that. Now, with Docker, you can run bunch of different apps like Graphana, Glance, Homer, like these are like home lab dashboards. Graphana is for, you know, data analysis, data, you know, looking at high frequency data. And then not only that, you can run Portainer which manages the Docker containers itself. There's also WireGuardVPN that you can run so that if you're anywhere in the world, you can remote into your home lab network using the VPN. Uh there are many endless use cases out there. Just, you know, Google Docker and then see what other use cases are out there. There's so many tons of services that you can run in your home lab that, you know, really help solve your problems. But for this example, I'm going to show you how I use Docker. You may find it a little complicated, but it's a foolproof way to get Docker containers up and running. And the way I set it up, if I set it up on the Mac Mini, it should also run on the Linux machine or even on a Windows machine. As long as any machine has Docker up and running, I can take my config files and deploy them anywhere, anytime. All right. So, to get started, first thing we're going to do is minimize this. And then first thing I like to do is stay organized. So, I'm going to go to Finder. And then I'm going to go in documents. Currently, nothing exists here. So, I'm going to create a new folder. This is where I'm going to be putting all of my Docker containers so they stay neatly organized. So, I'm just going to call this folder Docker containers. And in here, I'm going to spin up my first Docker container, which is Glance. and it's mainly a home lab dashboard. So I'm going to do a new folder and then I'm going to call this one glance. All right. Now you do need some sort of text editor. So the best one I think is Visual Studio Code, but any sort of text uh editor will work. So what we're going to do is click over here and then open folder and then we're going to navigate into Docker containers and glance and hit open. All right. So the way I like to set up Docker and containers is using Docker Compose and that's usually a config file with some set of instructions. Next thing we're going to do is create a file and this is going to be called docker-mpose. ML. So the folder structure will be whatever you want to call the project. It could be called anything but inside of it there's always going to be a docker compose file and then inside of that file is going to be set of instructions. So you can get those from their website, but I already have my set of instructions. But I have my set of instructions. So I'm going to copy this. And that's basically every time the server starts, it's going to follow that step and get it all configed. So next thing we're going to do is open up terminal. And then the only command we have to type is docker compose up dash d. And that what that does it it's going to create our docker container. And then we can confirm by going to Docker, going to the dashboard, and we can see that Glance is up and running now. And it's running on localhost 8080. So if I click this, there it is. That's my Glance dashboard. And it's got some news. It's got some RSS feeds, the latest YouTube videos for some tech channels. It's got the subreddit from HomeLab. And it's got, you know, self-hosted uh subreddit, and it's got some news and stuff. So it's highly customizable. All right, just to show you again, I'm going to spin up one more docker container. This time it's going to be Postgress database. And this is a pretty popular database these days for, you know, if you're building any kind of app or you want local data storage for, you know, tabular data, relational data. Postgress is very good for it. So my point is just to show you spinning up another docker container. So again, if I had to do another one, I would do a new folder, call it uh Postgress DB, and then switch over to my Visual Studio, go to open folder, go back to documents, docker containers, and then po go to Postgress database, open that up, and then rightclick, new file, docker-compose.l. And then I'm going to go ahead and drop in the instructions. So this tells it what version, the database, username, password, port, and all that good stuff. So I'm going to go ahead and save that. Open up terminal and then run the command docker compose upd. Our docker posgress has started. We can go to docker just to see it is up and running on that port. Now I should be able to you know put any kind of data in here if I wanted to. Now some other Docker services that I wanted to mention. You could run stuff like Docmos for note takingaking. You can even run home assistant for automating your house. There's paperless for documenting and filing all the paperwork. And then there are many other uh services out there. So do some research and check out which one are the ones you might end up needing and then go ahead and run a docker compose for that and you should be up and running in a matter of minutes. So that's pretty much it for setting up a entire home lab. Let me recap what we did so far. So we are using our Mac Mini for running bunch of different services using Docker and then for storage we have bought an external hard drive enclosure with two 4 TBTE hard drives and in this case we are able to create basically a NAS using shared folders. We able to run a media server streaming all our videos. We were able to set up a database and a dashboard using LAN. We even ran local AI using Olama and everything is working well. Well guys, that's it for this video. I hope you enjoyed it and remember to like, share and subscribe and I'll see you in the next

  Top Comments:
  1. @kristopherleslie8343 [3 likes]: Server actually is cheaper until you need capacity
  2. @Poo0fi [2 likes]: I’m using a thunderbolts DAS with an M4 mini and it’s fast enough for video streaming even on JBOD. Plus, I can cheaply backup all my 50TB offsite on Backblaze personal. I don’t lose disks for parity and my data is safely backed up.
  3. @DaveAndrus [2 likes]: Very good video, but your product links both have exactly the same URL that points to the Beelink Mate.  No link to the Centmate.  Not a big deal, but I thought you might want to correct that in case you get some Affiliate $$.
  4. @chrisvoges9102 [2 likes]: I bought my M4 mini several months ago just for this purpose. I have a few things running on it right now mostly home bridge. I want to run home assistant in a docker container, but It can’t find any devices on my network. Any help would be appreciated.
  5. @alfredoj1349 [1 likes]: Can I use a Mac Mini for personal use and homelab at the same time? Not enough budget for both
  6. @Neha-b4l5k [1 likes]: Interesting topic. How do I connect my 5060 ti to the Mac mini, primarily for local video processsing ai
  7. @missedyadobalina8619 [1 likes]: Both your product links are the same url fyi ❤
  8. @daraoladapo [1 likes]: Hi man. Awesome videos. You channel got suggested to me as I’ve been building my homelab and I also make videos. Could I ask what solution you use for awesome animations/illustrations?
  9. @Erikgzlz84 [1 likes]: Where can you find these configuration files for these app? Thank you
  10. @Lord_Whiteley [1 likes]: Really great video and nicely explained 😊😊
  11. @marp04 [1 likes]: I saw that enclosure on Amazon. How reliable is it? Does it generate a lot of noise? Heat?
  12. @vordan7111: Why would I spend $600 - $700 on a Mac Mini for such simple tasks? That's a waste
  13. @RishianandNM: this is local but can you access over internet
  14. @mudobodo: Quick Question. I recetnly upgraded from my old MBP M1 Pro. Now my question is, should I use my old Mac to do this project or should I sell it for roughly 600eur, use the money to buy the MacMini M4 for around 500eur?
  15. @reklamador27: M4 mini is hella expensive lol
  16. @MrFnkyJoe: Great stuff here - thanks for all of it!  I only understand half or so but it's bookmarked for me.  Looks like you're over the 250 likes so .... still going to do that follow-up video you mentioned?
  17. @rogerhalt3991: I have a jbod enclosure with four HDD’s full of files. If I install Jellyfin / plex, will I need to format the drives or should the files be seen automatically?
  18. @shad0h: Very nice video. I have taken a similar path. If you do a future update, you may want to show off UTM where someone wants to run a VM rather than docker, and still leverage the mac capabilities - Home Assistant VM is more functional than on Docker.
  19. @alfredoj1349: I am a newbie I can tell that I could do this by myself. Excellent. As of now I just need a media server and to run a local decent LLM natively.
  20. @JoséPedroFilipe-z8r: That HDD enclosure has hardware RAID options… is there any advantage in using MacOS RAID assistant?

- Mac Studio vs. Mini – Surprising Developer Results: Kind: captions Language: en I don't think I have to tell you that the M3 Ultra Mac Studio and the M4 Mac Mini are very different machines and one cost $10,000 while the other one cost $500. That's 20 times the difference in price. The question is though, not which one is going to be better at software developer tasks. The question is how much better? And a surprising twist, not all software developer tasks actually are better on this. Some are better on this. Here they are in the rack. Mac Studio on top, Mac Mini on the bottom. And while they're idle, Mac Studio is using 16 watts of power while the Mac Mini is using about four. That's crazy, you say? Why would the little one be better at anything than the big one? Let's get that out of the way, shall we? What's this guy talking about? There's this test called Speedometer. I'm going to kick it off right now. Boom. At the same time on both machines. And there it goes. Now, I want you to put in the comments right now what you think is going to be the winner, the Mac Studio or the Mac Mini. Go ahead. Don't be shy. And don't cheat after this is done. By the way, this is a benchmark, but I have some realworld use cases as well coming up. Whoa. Okay, here we go. The one on top is the Mac Studio and the one on the bottom is the Mac Mini. Why did the Mac Mini get a score of 50.7 and the Mac Studio 44.1? How is this even possible? And this comes back to depends what kind of workflow you're working on. This benchmark tests JavaScript capabilities in the browser. It tests a bunch of JavaScript frameworks and JavaScript is singlethreaded. So, it's going to be operating only on one core. And each of the M4 cores on the Mac Mini are faster than the M3 cores on the Mac Studio. Now, the Mac Studio has a lot more cores and we'll get to that momentarily. In fact, most tooling, most software developer related tooling is going to use more than one core. But sometimes when you're doing JavaScript builds or JavaScript execution or other singlethreaded operations, in that case, this machine that costs 20 times less is going to be just fine. Here's another test. Jetream 2. I'm going to kick them off. And this is JavaScript and web assembly test. And it says it's focused on the most advanced web applications. Wow. 530 on the Mac Mini is the final score. 478 on the Mac Studio. And we have tests like ray tracing, cryptography, coffee script, hashmap, machine learning in the browser, everything of course, uglify, WSL. So the cumulative score is much better on the Mac Mini. Now we often use other tools, not just run benchmarks, right? Like I don't know, VS Code is a pretty popular editor out there. Let's pop it open in both of these. Right now, VS Code is closed. I want to see which one of these is going to open VS Code first and if it's even noticeable. So, I'm going to hit enter at the same time here. And boom. Okay. All right. The uh Mac Studio opened it up a little bit faster, but does it really matter? You're going to be opening this up once in a while. We'll get to the test where it really matters in a bit, but this not really. And I want to run for you this main.cpp. It's a C++ sorting algorithm. It's a quick sort algorithm. And this is another example of an algorithm that happens to be single core even though this is a compiled project using C++. So, they are out there. Granted, it's for toy applications, but still. Here we go. 1 2 3. Boom. Just to uh show you what it's doing here. It's sorting 10 million integers. Now, if we take a look while that's executing at the memory that's being used by the system. Obviously, this machine, the Mac Studio, has 512 gigs of RAM, unified memory. It's the pressure is barely anything there. This one, however, the pressure is getting up there. It's in the green, but we're using 12.85 85 GB out of the 16 that's on board right now already. Memory used on the Mac Studio is 32. That's not because I'm have more stuff running on it. It's just because Mac OS manages memory that way. If it sees that there's a lot of free memory available, it's going to use more of it. That way applications pop up faster next time and it's ready for it. Okay. Wow. The Mac Mini is done already, but we're still waiting for the Mac Studio to finish. Can you believe that? That's what a generation in uh the Mchips does. So, imagine if I ran this on the M1 or on the M2 or even the Intel Max. And I have videos all about that going back to Intel Max. You can check those out on the channel. So, here's the final number. 2 minutes and 46 seconds for that sort on the Mac Studio. 2 minutes and 30 seconds on the Mac Mini. Much faster. Let's take a look at something more realistic. Many of you use Docker. And there's this example voting app, which I sometimes show here. Basically, it's five containers all working together. Five apps. There's a front-end Python application. There's a node application, there's a net worker, a reddis cache, and a postgress database all working together. And you can scale these uh individually as well. So let's bring up this app using docker compose. I'm going to use the build command and the force recreate command. I've already pulled down the images, so we don't need to account for the network delay. Here we go. This is just going to recreate the containers. And boom. Okay, five containers came up in 8.11 seconds on the Mac Studio and 8.175 seconds on the Mac Mini. Not bad for the Mac Mini. Very usable. We're getting close to using a lot of that RAM that's available on the Mac Mini. But how much realistically are you going to be doing? Maybe more, maybe less. This is a test for you to see how this would work with your workflow. Let's bring down those containers. And I want to issue another command where I scale the number of workers. That's the net worker application. And let's scale that up to um 100 running containers. So I'm going to use this scale worker equals 100 command. This is going to create a lot of containers. So let's time that. Let's go. There they go. Creating all the containers from 1 to 100. Actually, there's a total of 104 containers. Okay, now we're starting to see a little bit of a difference there. And check out that memory pressure on the Mac Mini. Not even close to anything resembling memory pressure on the Mac Studio, but on that Mac Mini, we're in the orange. And because now we're hitting up against the memory wall, things are going to start slowing down a little bit because we might be dipping into swap. That's when the operating system puts something on the SSD instead of memory. Swapping it around. That's why it's called swap. Anyway, 14.75 seconds on the Mac Studio, 18.17 seconds on the Mac Mini. Now we're starting to cook. Let's take those down. Most developers are going to be not doing this kind of scaling locally on their machines. If you are, then you might want to get something with more memory. Not even necessarily a Mac Studio that cost $10,000, but maybe a Mac Mini Pro with a bunch more RAM, maybe 64 gigs of RAM, but chances are you're going to be deploying somewhere else and then scaling up. Anyway, I'd say this is kind of a win for the Mac Mini. I have another sorting algorithm in C++, and this one is a little bit different. This is a multicore sorting algorithm. Happens to be merge sort, my favorite sort. And this one uses all the available cores. And I'm going to show you something crazy. This is the Vim RecDot. At first glance, they're just earbuds. But long press the stem and they become your AI recorder. Meetings, calls, real world conversations captured instantly and no app needed. Realtime transcription, automatic summaries, even translation. They're perfect for work, study, or capturing ideas on the go. With four microphones and adaptive noise cancellation, your voice stays clear even with noise in the background. And yeah, they sound great. They're high-res certified 11 mm drivers and 18 Protune sound profiles, including podcast and PUBG modes. 9 hours of listening, 36 with the case. A 5minute charge and you're back in business for a whole hour. From Studio Sound to AI Smarts, these aren't just earbuds. They're your new workflow upgrade. Link in the description down below. So, I'm going to start this off. Boom. On both machines. And check this out. Here is the Mac Mini CPU. We've got 10 cores. And this is going to be sorting, I don't know, a few billion integers, but it's using all the cores, all the efficiency cores and all the performance cores, all 10 of them to the max. Now, let's take a look at that Mac Studio. It's got 32 cores. Look at all those. And I didn't even see a blip on there because it was so fast. This one is really, really busy, the Mac Mini. And that one is pretty much done. Now, this is a kind of a contrived example of what happens if you need to push all your cores really hard doing some parallel tasks on the CPU. This is CPU only, not GPU. Also, to keep all those integers in memory, that's going to require some memory as well, as I've just mentioned. So, we're also going to be running into some memory pressure issues on the 16 GB Mac Mini. Well, we're waiting for the Mac Mini to finish. Mac Studio has been down for a while. 1 minute and 34 seconds for that sort. Oh, it's 1 billion integers. That's what it is. There's the algorithm right there. And 2 minutes and 26 seconds on the Mac Mini. Almost a minute longer. You can see now where the multiple cores of that M3 Ultra are really starting to shine. 32 cores on that thing. Here's a real project, an actual project that me and my team have been working on for a number of years. And this is a native script application. It's actually an NX monor repo with several native script applications in there. And we typically work with node JavaScript runtimes, TypeScript compilation as well as native compilation. So this is like everything. This is a more realistic example. So I'm going to say npm run clean all. And I also want to time this. I'm just actually really curious cuz I don't think I've ever run this on the Mac Studio. Let's see. Now, this is the clean command, and the clean command itself just takes a little while to execute. You can imagine how long the build command takes on this thing. Wow, this is incredible. I cannot believe that the Mac Mini might actually win. Okay, the Mac Mini won by 1 second. 1 minute 53 seconds for the Mac Mini, 1 minute 54 seconds for the Mac Studio. And this involves, like I mentioned, native code compilation as well as TypeScript transpolation, Webpack bundling. So, this Mag Mini can do pretty much everything I need for this particular project and it's not a small project. Now, what about a technology that relies a little bit more on multi-cores? All right, I'll be more specific than that.NET when you build innet, it relies on it spreads the work out a little bit more. Builds the C and it's probably going to take more advantage of this Mac Studio Ultra. Let's check. I have this project called Umbraco CMS. It's a pretty popular CMS written entirely innet and we're going to build it right now. Boom. Open source project by the way. You can check it out. Net build. Well, uh, see Mac Mini wins because it actually builds this thing, but the Mac Studio does not. I got some errors about image sharp has a high severity vulnerability. Why that's happening right now? However, don't worry. I got you. I got another net project here. And this one I specifically wrote to create and generate over a 100,000 namespaces with classes inside of them. Let's kick that off. Boom. So, this is going to require a bit of memory as well as processing on multiple threads. It's not super heavy in multi-core processing, but it'll take advantage of multiple cores if they're available. You can see here it's a little bit sporadic on the CPU history chart, but you can see that we are using multiple cores. It's just not filling them up all the way here. It's doing a pretty good job because there's only 10 available. Maybe there's just too many cores over there. I don't know. No, there they go. Something's going on on that Mac Studio, though. Look, they were all in the red for that brief period of time when I started, and then they went into the green, and now it's probably done here. It wasn't pegged at red. It was gradually going up with the green. So, that's kind of interesting. Different behavior. Mac Studio is done. Build succeeded in 71.7 seconds, but we're still waiting for the Mac Mini. It should be done pretty soon. And the Mac Mini is done. 112 seconds. This is a case where it really does matter if you have a very large project and you're doing some kind of compilation.net, uh, Swift, Cotlin, Java, things like that. Those are going to use multiple cores and they're going to be much faster on something with more cores. This Mac Studio wins this one. But is it enough? Is it enough to spend 20 times the amount of money? Probably not. You're going to have to be the judge. Let's start up Xcode. I'm just going to go through the creation of a hello world here. So, we kind of have an idea how long things take about. And so far, they're neck and neck. There's no lagging. Here we have brand new iOS project. And I'm just going to kick it off and we'll see how fast or how slow it goes. And boom. There it is. It's building. Build succeeded on the Mac Studio first. popped up that simulator. But you know what? I don't see that it was that much faster. Oh, now it is. Now it's definitely much faster. You can see the clear difference here. Mac Studio is done bringing it up in the foreground. The Mac Mini is still kind of installing it and now it's done. I guess there is a quite a significant difference here. I wasn't expecting to see this much of a difference with Xcode, but certainly if you're going to be installing Android Studio on there, it's going to be a much much bigger difference. But also, if you are going to be doing anything with Android Studio, whether you're doing cross-platform development or just native development, then 16 GB is probably not enough for you anymore. I'd recommend 32 or 64 even, cuz those Android emulators, they use a lot of memory. I'm also going to guess here based on the memory usage on the Mac Studio, we're at 47 GB now out of 512. quite a bit of a jump since we started Xcode that we are doing a little bit of swapping on that Mac Mini and we don't really have to guess because it says it right there 5.2 GB in swap whereas on the Mac Studio zero bytes in swap we have a little bit of memory pressure in the orange on the Mac Mini and it shows in how responsive the environment is now. So what have we learned? Well, don't buy the really really expensive Mac Studio unless you really need it. Most developers are not going to need all that memory unless you're doing virtual machines and a lot of them locally. If you're doing that, you probably want to just offload to the cloud anyway. It might be cheaper. Now, there's one thing that we didn't talk about, and that's local LLMs, large language models. Obviously, the Mac Studio will be able to do a much better job at running larger models, and I actually have separate videos about that. I'll leave a link to them right over here and over here. So, thanks for watching, and I'll see you in the next one. [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @AlmorTech [3 likes]: 12:50 little hand killed me dead
  2. @SpencerP96 [1 likes]: A great test would be open a vscode project that has 2 or 3 repos in it with a ton of files open and a bunch of extensions running. Then while doing that run a docker compose setup with 20 or so containers.
  3. @allstarsrobin [1 likes]: Thank god we found few projects that justificates 20 times higher pricetag for a sake of seconds.

So is it worth 3,3% of a residental house or 5 x 4090 (5 x $1600 = $8000) + $2000 to build a system around it? Which is the best for project?

One thing is for sure: prices wont drop while people are buying overpriced things.
  4. @jim5148 [1 likes]: It was probably mentioned in a previous video, but what is the make/model of the keyboard in use? Thanks for the great video! It makes possible an informed purchase.
  5. @Someguy_51: What if I get 24gb ram and want to run cross platform app development with ready native may need to use both xcode and android studio?
  6. @jakefrost8017: Please add Sections 🙏📿
  7. @klevert7287: yeah would that go well with kubernetes
  8. @NomadicBrian: Appreciate the demos and comparisons on the Mac mini M4 Pro.  I am an App Developer and I've been using Linux Mint on some older laptops using Jetbrains Intellij IDEA. At most to keep up my skills I might have 4  Java Spring Boot  APIs with PostgreSQL and Apache Kafka with no more that 6 Kafka topics/messages and I don't simulate large volume/traffic. The other thing I will do is some LLM-NLP with RAG and take advantage of the AI processing. No neural networks or anything just the models they care to share with us cheap skates.  So I purchased the Mac Mini M4 Pro with 24GB which I think will be a bit faster than your 16GB numbers. I was actually worried that I might have been hasty. I work from home so it dawned on my that laptops were pointless. So this will move the Mac M2 Pro out of the way as well as my old Dell with Linux Mint. I just have to add external memory as 512GB will no doubt not be enough eventually.
  9. @KevinMerckx: Have you run nx with the parallel setting tuned for each machine? On a big nx monorepo, it makes a big difference when you can take advantage of the many cores of the studio
  10. @jamesleetrigg: My iPad Pro gets the same score as , The M3 ultra 😂 this is a browser test so it’s all about the single core performance. Each generation gets a better IPC which means instructions per clock. You multiply that by the clock speed and you get the performance for that generation in a particular device. On an iPad where there isn’t a fan the CPU can’t run quite as fast as in a device with the phone however it makes up for this with having the IPC gains from , The M3 generation to the M5 generation. Hence getting the same result on an iPad as a Mac studio. M3 Ultra.
  11. @ThePolarOpposite: What kind of keyboard are you rocking? It sounded like a Nuphy
  12. @OneBrighDay: What about a base Mac Studio vs comparable Mac mini pro?
  13. @greenmouli: I am a 3D modeler (planning to learn animation) using Blender. I am confused with so many reviews online about which one to choose M4 Mac Mini vs. M4 Max Mac Studio :(
  14. @kodekata: What were the compiler options
  15. @pasqualeconvertini4083: Can you try to run some docker build operation on both? I would like to see what happens if you provide more parallelism with the `--jobs` option.
  16. @frankpaws: Not sure if it was a mistake on my part, possible rogue click at some point, but it said I wasn't subscribed.  Not sure if any other subscribers have experienced the same.
  17. @frankpaws: Your YouTube Play Button is crooked!
  18. @PimentelPortfolio: As soon as one influencer said the mac min runs loud and hot - I knew from past apple purchases it is a major concern.
  19. @zarkarkas: Thanks for the video! I was actually considering getting a mac mini to not spend too much since my main dev would be done on my windows machine, but I wanted to do some cross platform mobile development, and to build for iOs is kind of a struggle without a Mac. But I start to think that the basic model is not enough, and here in EU is already much more expensive as it is starting at 699€, to get a 32GB memory upgrade it would be already way out of budget for just building iOs apps, I believe 🥲
  20. @therealsimdan: The Hello World on Xcode doesn't really show much as it's only a handful of source files. I'd love to see something like XcodeBenchmark run instead to test Xcode performance that builds a larger project.

- Home Lab Setup for Beginners - Everything You Need To Get Started: Kind: captions Language: en if you're into Tech like I am or computers or networking and you want to take your skills to the next level well you've probably heard about something called home labbing whether you're sharpening your networking skills or you want to learn more about virtualization or perhaps setting up your own personal cloud in your house well home labbing is the magic that makes that happen nerd but how do you get start without feeling that very overwhelming pressure of what you need to get or what you need to do or what you need to learn well stick around because today I'll walk you through everything you need to know to Kickstart your home [Music] lab so what exactly is a home lab simply put it's your own personal Tech playground a place where you can experiment with things like software networks servers without the fear of breaking anything important whether you're a seasoned IT professional a developer or just a hobbyist like me the Home lab environment is the perfect place for Hands-On experimentation and learning now the good news is is it doesn't need to be that expensive you can just start with a bunch of virtual machines you can begin with putting them on a your own desktop or perhaps you have an old laptop laying around virtual machines will allow you to install multiple operating systems on the same computer laptop or even server it's perfect for experimenting with Linux Windows server or networking tools like pfSense some popular virtualization platforms include virtual box now this is pretty easy to set up especially if you're on Windows and it's super good for beginners now if you want to step it up you could look at something like vmw that's more geared towards Enterprise and can be a bit more difficult and a steep learning curve to be able to use that and finally my favorite is actually installing prox MOX on bare metal meaning that I'm not virtualizing it I'm putting it on a machine that typically I built if you are going to put it on what we call hard metal or a dedicated box you want to make sure with any of these virtualized platforms you have a good CPU with a lot of cores and a lot of threads as well as a lot of memory that's because we're chopping it up and we're going to dedicate CPUs or threads and or memory to each one of those instances or os's so in that regard if you're looking to build one or buy one then you may want to consider just looking up the processor making sure that it has as many cores and as many threads as well as enough memory to do what you want in the virtualization World along with that well you're going to want to learn Linux I cannot install Photoshop like I need just use [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] no I'm not going to use [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] also like half my Steam games don't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] work it is one of the most important skills that you will learn in home labbing it's also the modern backbone of most infrastructure and a majority of your home lab projects you will work on or will involve in some way Linux whether you're deploying servers managing networks or working with Docker containers knowing Linux is absolutely crucial if you are new to Linux I recommend starting with a beginner friendly distribution like in boom2 or deian play around with the terminal practice basic commands like installing software managing users and setting up file permissions trust me mastering the terminal will be a game changer for your home lab experience once you're comfortable with Linux it's time to dive into Docker now Docker is a centralized ation tool that basically allows you to containerize and package and run applications in an isolated environments called containers think of it as like a lightweight virtualization but faster and more efficient for software servers and applications one of the best tools for managing Docker containers visually well that's painer painer gives you a really easy to use graphical user interface where you can deploy manage and and monitor your containers without the need of you know remembering all these silly little command line arguments here's a quick peek at my workflow when I get a new machine in the door I decide what OS I'm going to put on it based on what I want to do with that machine then after that I quickly install Docker after Docker I'll definitely put on painer so I can manage and even install my containers after I have painer installed well then the fun starts and I can start picking out what application S I want to put on that server painer is pretty powerful it also supports things like Docker swarms and kubernetes so it's excellent for scaling as you become more advanced with Docker and portainer you'll be able to build complex application environments quickly allowing you to test and experiment with a wide range of services all from your home I prevent cross- sight scripting I monitor for DDOS attacks emergency database rollbacks and faulty transaction handlings the internet heard of it transfers half a petabyte of data every minute do you have any idea how that happens all right so now you're comfortable with virtual machines and you're looking to expand so you might want to start investing in some Hardware so what are some of the basic networking components that you're going to need well first of all you're going to need a router now that can just be a router that you were given by your ISP or you got off Amazon or Best Buy or it could be something more professional like those those models from Ambi quity now you can also choose to build your own router like I did with a small little n100 nuck boox and then put pfSense on it now switches are something you're probably going to need as well now an unmanaged switch is okay but if you're serious about networking you're going to want to look at manage switches so that way you can learn a little bit more about vlans and some other Advanced topics that we'll cover much further down in this series now in terms of a firewall I like pfSense there's also open sense uh both are pretty good in opsource firewalls that work great in home lab environments and of course if you don't have enough physical space or you don't want to invest a whole lot in this just to dip your toes into home labbing well of course you can always look at some Cloud providers places like AWS Azure or Google Cloud they often offer free tiers where you can certainly deploy virtual machines learn about remotely connecting to them and even deploy some services on them with cloud based Labs you can test Enterprise level Solutions without any upfront Hardware cost it's especially great for learning about cloud computing devops or developing containers with tools like kubernetes the next few things are super crucial as well and the first is documentation trust me on this documentation is everything in home labbing when you're experimenting with new systems things will break and you want to track down and look back at your notes to see if you can figure it out it's also helpful if things fail and you have to redeploy one of the other things is well we all walk away or get busy and when we come back to it it's nice to have that knowledge base to refer to now you can use things like notion obsidian even a simple Google doc to log your progress and write down any notes that you may have along the way and the last thing that you really need is to be a student of the game once you have got your home lab up and running trust me when I tell you the learning never stops there's great communities out there on Reddit one of which is called home lab you can also check out a host of YouTubers and you can even consider taking some classes in things like basic networking on services like udimi or corsera this will just help deepen your knowledge and there you have it a quick start guide to planning your home lab now remember this can get confusing this can get frustrating but it's all about the journey and it will pay off if you stick with it start small do a bunch of experiments and build up as you go no need to dump a bunch of money in right now we talked about using cloud services we talked about even using a Raspberry Pi so the main thing is is don't take it too seriously but make sure you're planning you're documenting and you're having fun now if you are setting up a home lab please let me know in the in the comments that you are or if you already have one let me know and of course if you have any problems or issues go ahead and put put a comment down below and I'll do my best to answer each and every one and if you like this type of thing we're doing a whole series on home labbing we will get more technical more involved we will build out a little tiny small n100 Nas boox I'll show you how to put things like Nas software on there we'll do proxmox we will build our own router with pfSense we've got a lot to get to but I want to do this in logical order and I do want to stress how important this part is just make sure you're planning make sure you're thinking about the future so that you can have a few years with your equipment and not just waste money on the next episode we will go into a bit more about the applications I use and then we'll build a machine and we'll kind of go from Zero to Hero along the way you chose the way of the hero and they found you amusing for a while eventually they will hate you so if that interests you do me a favor please like this video consider subscribing so you're notified of my next release and as always I appreciate it I'm Hill Phantom and I'll see you next time

  Top Comments:
  1. @JeffreyRobinsonII [10 likes]: This video was my first stop when I began searching for what I'll need to get my homelab started.
  2. @theborednerds [4 likes]: @2:49 instructions unclear; bought a 30 rack of Coors.
  3. @SindreEide93: I am starting homelabing. I have just bough a house with absoluttely zero internett in the walls. I have already pulled 100m of pipes in the walls for network cables and I have allot more left to pull. I made holes in walls and ceilings everywhere. 
I ordered a 12U rack cabinett with glass door to hang on wall, patch panels, wire managers and shelf. 

I finish up the pipes and Cat 6 pulls in the walls, all the wall pluggs and hang up the rack cabinet. Then I slowly start buying the harware. I think I be going for almos only "Omada" for everything
  4. @vtsifuentes: I am switching back to Linux after years of frustration with changes in windows. I have Family that live nearby and I am their IT guy [I just know the most about hardware and software], so I am also switching them to Linux as well. My problem is I have no idea where to begin setting up my home network and then attaching their home network to mine so I am not running over to their home to fix things that I could fix remotely. I found your channel and I feel like you are the first person I have watched talk about setting up a small network like I am trying to get up and running.
I will be watching everything you have on the topic that I need dire help with.  Thank you for your Channel and Videos.
  5. @stmokhovoy: Несмотря на то, что я только знакомлюсь с этой темой, я очень рад, что попалось именно твое видео, очень доступно, понятно, наглядно и мотивирующе :) Буду смотреть остальные видео. П.С.: Простая подача, да и просто приятный человек😁
  6. @RonaldVerlaan: I'm going to start now. I'm a total newbie.. I think I'll start to install Ubuntu Server on my just bought HP ProDesk 400 G3. No idea what's gonna be my next step 😊
  7. @Nocturnan87: Very helpful, easy to follow, thanks!
  8. @homelander820: I was just searching up ways to make a minecraft server now I fumbled into something big and so cool I started with using vms now to working on actual hardware(my old lap) any advice on any other project I should start?
  9. @OutisNemoRex: Starting on building one myself
  10. @JoshuaBaileys-k1i: 7:58 For some reason this clip made me extremely uncomfortable
  11. @navib.o.28: i just made my first steps into homelabbing, primarilly to start a mynecraft server with friends, i don't know much about deploying services into the internet, so any security advice or video would help a lot
  12. @BunkySpewer: I have the same sentiment regarding GIMP. I might eventually try this despite the lack of IT skills. Even better if the current software and hardware become outdated in the near future.
  13. @The_Linux_ARCHitect: You can do a lot with an old computer and Proxmox. Even a crusty old laptop can be used to host a game server, a media server, a file server, or just act as an adblocking server. If the hardware is up to it, it can be ALL of these things at once.
  14. @cheesecake9250: Wonder if you can use home labbing to extend video signal and input of a game console like xbox or ps5
  15. @JasonEdelman66: Whiffed on the 'trust me' 'Bro'....  as a new Sub. I need more 'Bro' trust!!! Cheers Bro. build the machine, don't let the machine build you.
  16. @KDNels: Your videos are kinda all over the place. It would be awesome if you could get them all in order on a playlist. Regardless, great info! I'm in! Keep posting videos!
  17. @callen0709: great stuff. Personally, early on, this would have been WAYYY too much WAYYY too fast. (I assume you have videos leading up to this, which i haven't seen.)
  18. @OneIdeaTooMany: If your home labbing, I think it's ok to start with portainer, but you really should learn the commands. If portainer ever dies on you, you'll still be able to manage your containers. I don't use portainer but I'm looking at solutions that let me manage my existing containers via a web interface or maybe an app.
  19. @charlesreid3831: New to home labbing, what is the device shown at 6:04 ?  Thanks
  20. @DameDizzman: Long hair, hat,home labbing, slight stoner look.

This is gonna be a great video.

- Old Mac Mini? Here's How to Make It Your Home Server: Kind: captions Language: en What if you could turn that old Mac Mini in your closet into your own private streaming service, file storage, and backup system all in one? Well today we're gonna do just that. We'll dust off my old Mac Mini and give it a second life as a digital hub all for just under 300 bucks. But is the Mac Mini up to this task? Let's find out if it can go from dust to glory. Hi, this is Brad from Gigabyte Labs. So do you have an old Mac Mini in your closet, gathering more dust than a Roomba? Mine's been sitting on a shelf for several years after I bought it to replace an older Mac Mini. But I was disappointed with the performance of the new one, so it wasn't long before I switched to something faster and relegated the Mac Mini to my closet shelf. Mine is the 2018 series Mac Mini with a quad-core Intel i3 processor, 8 gigs of RAM, and a 256 gig SSD drive. If it wasn't the cheapest model, then it was pretty close to it. It does however have plenty of Thunderbolt and USB ports, which allows us to connect fast external storage, which is exactly what we'll need because 256 gigs is nowhere near enough space. So here's what we'll do. We'll start by looking at two different options for adding storage to our Mac Mini server. Then we'll share some folders and start streaming our media. And we'll also configure it to be a time machine backup server that we can use to safeguard our other Macs. The big question though is if this will all be fast enough to keep up with streaming 4k video. So we'll check the performance at several points along the way. Sound good? Well, then let's go shopping. I think it was Benjamin Franklin who said there are two kinds of people in this world. Those who HAVE lost data to a hard drive crash and those who WILL. Or maybe that was Winston Churchill... Now I spent over two decades working in IT, so my first impulse was to use hard drives in a RAID enclosure, which is like keeping a backup copy of everything in case a drive crashes. RAID is standard practice on servers, so that'll be the first option we look at. Then we'll compare that to our second option, which is much simpler, but perhaps not quite as safe. Now there are lots of different ways to set up RAID, but we want to keep things simple and inexpensive. So for our first option, we're going to use RAID level one, which is simple disk mirroring. So we'll have two identical hard drives and the raid drive will write to both of them simultaneously, so that we essentially have a full backup at all times. These days I wouldn't settle for anything less than 4 terabytes of storage. So we're looking to buy two 4 terabyte hard drives, plus a RAID enclosure that can give us good transfer speeds. And I won't keep you in suspense, I'll just show you what I ended up selecting. I ordered two Western Digital Red 4 terabyte hard drives at 100 bucks a piece, which are the NAS rated drives that are slightly higher quality than the regular consumer version. Western Digital is an excellent brand that I've used for decades, so I have no hesitations about recommending them. And I also selected this dual bay drive enclosure that does RAID and has a 6 gigabits per second transfer speed. There are some with higher transfer speeds, but the hard drives we chose are only capable of 6 gigabits per second, so anything above that would be wasted. Plus this one came in at just 54 dollars, so that kept the total cost of this first option to just over 250 bucks. Our second option for adding storage to our server is to skip the redundancy of RAID, and simply attach a single external solid state drive to our server. SSDs are extremely reliable, their prices have become much more reasonable, and they are super fast. SSDs also have the advantage of being much smaller and quieter than the RAID enclosure. And because they have no moving parts, they're much less likely to crash than a hard drive. I selected this 4 terabyte Samsung T7 SSD, which is top rated on Amazon, and at 280 dollars, it cost only a few bucks more than our first option. You'll find links to all the items we bought in the video description. It's a few days later, and the Amazon Minions have delivered their goodies, so it's time to install the two new hard drives into the RAID enclosure. We just need to slide out the two drive trays. and insert the new hard drives. which simply snap into little plastic pins rather than needing screws. Then we flip a couple of tiny switches to configure the device for RAID 1. Now if you're not comfortable installing these yourself, you can usually order these enclosures pre-filled with hard drives or SSDs. Just keep in mind that you're paying a little bit extra for that service, so the overall price tag might be a little bit higher than if you buy the drive separately and assemble it yourself, like we're doing today. And the SSD drive for our second option requires no setup at all. It's ready to use straight out of the box. Hey real quick! If you're enjoying this video and learning something today, please give us a like and consider subscribing to the channel. So with the storage ready, next we need to prop the Mac Mini to be our server. I didn't have a spare monitor to plug it into, so instead I connected the Mini to an extra HDMI port on my living room TV. And this is where I plan to keep the server, as long as it stays quiet. The Mac Mini is normally extremely quiet, but the external RAID drive could end up making lots of noise, so we'll have to wait and see if this turns out to be a smart place to keep it. If it's too loud, we can stick it in the closet next to our Wi-Fi router. But for now, we'll keep it here in our TV stand, between the dog toys and the books I keep lying around to try and look smart. Spoiler alert, it is NOT working. The first order of business is to configure the Mac Mini to allow remote management so that we can remote control it from another computer. So first we'll go to System Settings, General, Sharing, Enable Remote Management, and then restrict access to just our administrator account. Once that's enabled, we can go to another Mac and remote control the server with ease to do the rest of the setup. On the other Mac, we'll find the new server listed in the Finder under Network, where we can click on Share Screen to remote control the server. My Mac Mini had been reset to factory settings before going into cold storage, so there's not much needed as far as setup goes. We'll want to disable the sleep settings, set it to restart automatically in case of a power outage, turn off any visual bells and whistles, and avoid all unnecessary background tasks on the server machine to keep it focused on nothing but storing our files and streaming our media. Now that the Mac Mini server is up and running, let's connect the storage and get going. From here on out, the setup is the same whether we've chosen the RAID option or the SSD option, so I'll only show it once. Once we connect it, we may be prompted to initialize and erase the drive, or we can also find those options by launching Disk Utility, which we can find using Launchpad in the other folder. We'll find our new drive listed under External Drives. Be EXTREMELY careful not to mess with the internal drive, which is normally called Macintosh HD. When we erase the external drive, we'll give the drive a name, and then we can choose to use the exFAT format for the best compatibility, or we can use the Apple File System (APFS) for slightly better performance and features, which is what we'll do here. Before we continue and setup folders for sharing, let's stop and take a look at the drive performance for both of our two options. We'll use this free disk speed test from Blackmagic, which you can find in the Mac App Store. We just choose the drive... and click Start. Then the app will run a file transfer test and show us the results for both read and write speeds. With the hard drives in the RAID enclosure, we're seeing read and write speeds of about 1.5 Gbps, which is quite a bit lower than the drive's advertised maximum speed of 6 Gbps. When we run the same test with the SSD, we're getting speeds almost 5 times faster at 7 Gbps, which is much closer to its advertised speed. Next we'll create some folders on the external drive and then share them with our users. Now you can make this as complex as you like, but I'm gonna keep it pretty simple here and just create three folders... Media Files and Backup. Once these folders are created, we'll share them by going to System Settings, General, Sharing, Enable File Sharing, and click the Info button. Then for each of the three folders we created, we'll click the plus button, browse to select the folder, and then set permissions. I'm giving everyone access to these folders, but we could have made some private folders and restricted them to specific users. We also need to enable Windows File Sharing for later on, so we'll do that now too. It'll require us to type in the password for any user that we want to allow connecting from Windows, or in our case, from the Media Player that we're going to use in just a bit. With the folders shared, we can now access them over the network from our other Mac. When we double-click on the Mac Mini Server in the Finder, it'll ask us for our login. and we can save it so that we don't have to type it in every time. We'll still probably want to keep our important files directly on our devices, but we can offload other stuff to the Mac Mini server. Photos, videos, and installers can fill up a drive quickly, so those are great candidates for files to move to the server if you aren't actively using them. We're also going to stop and test the performance now that we're connected to the server from our other Mac over Wi-Fi. We can see that the network transfer speed is far lower than the actual drive speeds that we measured earlier. In fact, we see the same speed over the network regardless of whether we went with the RAID drive or the SSD option. Next, let's talk about accessing all those TV shows, movies, and music that we've acquired over the years and copied on to our shiny new Mac Mini server. A lot of you have probably heard of Plex, Jellyfin, Emby, and other media servers, but we're going to skip all of that and simply access our media files directly from our devices. Now those media server apps like Plex can be great, especially if you want to share or access your media files while away from home, and the Mac Mini is quite capable of handling that if that's what you're after. But for this tutorial, we'll stick with just accessing our media files directly using a free media player called Infuse. Okay, it's mostly free. There's a Pro version that has a few extra bells and whistles, but we can usually get by just fine with just the regular free version. Infuse is available on the Mac, iPhone, iPad, and Apple TV, so if you live in the Apple universe, this could be the only media player you need. Once Infuse is installed, we can connect to our shared media folder and browse through our movies, TV shows, and music. and play them in a slick interface that'll give us all the bells and whistles we've come to expect from a modern streaming service... like artwork, cast information, and user ratings and reviews. For Windows and Linux users, there are plenty of media players out there such as VLC that have a lot of similar features. Here's another spot where we need to stop and check the performance to make sure that we're able to stream our media, 4K movies in particular, without any hiccups or slowdowns. No problems found so far, even from the farthest corner of my house where the Wi-Fi signal is the weakest. The final thing we want to set up is to enable support for Time Machine backups, so that we can safely backup all our macOS devices to the Mac Mini server. This is accomplished by creating a special backup folder and sharing it. However, there's one extra step we have to take to enable Time Machine to work properly. In the file sharing setup on the server, we need to right-click on the Backup share in order to get into the Advanced Options screen, and then check the Share as Time Machine Backup Destination option. Then, we should be able to select that backup share from our Mac devices when setting up our Time Machine backups. As far as the performance goes, we didn't end up anywhere near the theoretical speeds of the drives we bought, but we should still have plenty of speed to store our files and to stream our 4K videos anywhere in our home over Wi-Fi. When connected directly to our Mac Mini server, the hard disk RAID drive is much slower than its theoretical top speed, but the solid state drive is pretty close to its advertised speed. However, when we access our files over the network, we run into the limitations of Wi-Fi, and our speed is dramatically reduced, regardless of which drive option we chose. In the end, we're able to access our files over the network at around 30 megabytes per second, so our Mac Mini server certainly isn't a speed demon, but it should be fast enough to handle streaming 4K video to our devices, which only needs around 5 megabytes per second. So which option is the best? Well, they're both about the same cost, and they're both about the same effective speed. The RAID drive with hard disks has an extra layer of safety to it, but it's pretty big and bulky, and it does make a little bit of noise, though not enough to be a real problem. But I think that using the solid state drive is a slightly better choice, as SSDs are faster, more reliable, and they are ridiculously small and portable. The only catch is that without RAID, we need to be sure we have a good backup solution for our important files, whether we back up to Dropbox, Google Drive, or an online backup service. So there you have it. We've now got a server with 4 terabytes of storage, and an easy way to stream our media to all the devices in our home. And we did it all with a tiny forgotten Mac Mini and a shoestring budget. Thanks for watching! Please like and subscribe to Gigabyte Labs for more tech videos like this. Until next time, happy streaming!

  Top Comments:
  1. @JoeTaxpayer [3 likes]: I have multiple Macs, but my 2012 Mini is one of my favorites. OCLP running Ventura, an SSD when they were still cheap, and it's great to have for many uses. When I want to d/l something with a VPN, I use the mini, so my main Mac can stay on my home network. 14 years old and still going strong.
  2. @sligo-j5u [2 likes]: I like adding the volume size to the name  like " 2TB SSD" or "5TB HD".
  3. @DanielSpencer-t7r [2 likes]: Amazing!… This video tutorial is extremely well done and good!… So simple and easy to follow!… Excellent!!…
  4. @etevolve [1 likes]: This is the most clear, concise, and informative video on this subject by far.  Perfect!
  5. @jbbevan [1 likes]: I have used my MacMini for a home media server to AppleTV's for as long as they have both existed.  I have 45,000 music tracks (collected since 1958), about 1,950 classic movies which I started collecting when the original AppleTV came out, and a ton of TV mini-series and weekly series collections.  That's all on 12 Tb of outside storage and serves 3 AppleTV (4K's) around the house.  I have found the MacMini as the perfect dispatcher for all this stuff and it was served me well for a long time.
  6. @johanneskomarek8514: How can you select the backup folder for your TimeMachine backups without erasing the entire external SSD? I am trying to backup my 2019 iMac with Sequoia to an external HDD with APFS, but when I select the backup folder, it insists to erase that disk first. Not good since I want to use this as target for the backups of multiple Macs. Do I need to make a local backup and then push it over via Synching or similar?
  7. @benjaminpastrana9662: Fast and clear professional tutorial🙌🏼 hello from Puerto Rico 🇵🇷🌴🥥
  8. @mcwsky: I have a few Mac Minis serving different roles - they all have dual internal SSD - but after upgrading a couple of them I learned that Apple dropped support for internal RAID. I've got OCLP on a couple of them. I use one with an external Promise Pegasus RAID array for local and remote backups and general file storage as well as my website and FTP server. Another, with more CPU and RAM, I use to run a variety of virtual machines ranging from OS9 through Tahoe as well as Windows and OS2/Warp and Linux. Trying to get AIX to work but can't get the network to cooperate. Another was a Minecraft server but that was a Core2Duo, so moved that to an old Dell, though I do have a 2011 Mini that I replaced with a 2018 (for the VM server), so not sure what I will do moving forward.
  9. @musicofnote1: i have a 2012 Mac Mini I'm replacing tomorrow with a used 2018 Mac Mini (i5, 16GB Ram, 512Gb SSD). Attached to the present MM are 4 4TB external drives. 2 for Data and 2 for ripped DVDs. I have CarbonCopyCloner installed and at 12.00 noon it makes an incremental copy from DATA-1 to DATA-2 and from Films-1 to Films-2. I will keep this hardware system and replace CCC with Sync Folders Pro with the same functionality. I also have an Elgato EyeTV Hybrid running off the MM which I update the software for. It's our only TV in the house, but ... we don't really watch much. It can also record from the TV. Then my stereo is hooked up to the MM which will carry over to the 2018 MM. On the 2012 MM I'm running the Yosemite version of MacOS Server software, which I don't actually need any more, so will use Monterey (because it works best with EyeTV) and it' file sharing capabilities. I've heard that Time Machine won't work any more over the network - and I never had any luck with ti doing so, BUT I do TM backups of my M2 MacBook Air, directly attached onto an external SSD. Also one for my wife's M2. I use "Compare & Sync" to keep the data on all my laptops in sync with each other - I had been using a SSD attached to my AirPort Extreme, but my Linux boxes don't find it, whereas they could find shares on my 2012 MM. So I will use them instead. 

Now, as to streaming ... we'll see, also what other suggestions you have.
  10. @seattlebeard: I think I'll just keep using my DVD collection and player.  Much easier and cheaper.
  11. @chrissmall1866: Great video, thanks.  I don't have an old mac mini, but looking to perhaps buy one.  Is there a sweet spot of age and performance i should be looking for?  Also, what about potentially setting up a RAID with two SSDs?
  12. @troylujan1629: Is the process the same to use HDD instead of SSD? Anything to consider before using a disc based drive for this?
  13. @fabio03m: Congratulations! Excellent video. Very detailed, help me a lot.
I’m from Brazil. Thank you. 👏🙌
  14. @rmjaln: Do you connect the 2018 mini server via Cat5 directly to a router, and the working Mac via Wi-Fi to the same network?
  15. @sweet_tooth: Thank you for that. I enjoy your easygoing presentation style. I have an i5 Mac mini (2018) with a Samsung T5 SDD that I use as a media server. My client machine is a M2 Mac mini (2023) with a Samsung T7. Assuming, that you can place your machines close together, I suggest interconnecting them using a Thunderbolt Bridge (requires a ThunderBolt cable and Thunderbolt ports or adapter on your client). Using this configuration I obtain about 260 MB/s thoughput which is an 8-fold improvement over your measurement using WiFi. With even faster hardware (like NVME enclosures and fast M-series processors), I suspect you might be able to reach 1 GB/s throughput.

BTW, I use the media server to backup a large (65 GB+) Photos Library but,  rather that using Time Machine, I create a disk image of the library and then transfer it to server. This has an advantage in that the disk image can be mounted directly from the server.
  16. @XooooooooooX: Ce que je ne comprends pas, c’est les utilisateurs et mot de passe à utiliser ? Est-ce des utilisateurs créés sur le macmini OU des utilisateurs d’ordinateurs sur le réseau ?
  17. @andrearusky: Mhh I've followed the steps, installed the "Infuse" app on my iPad, browse my video collection on the mac and when I tried to play one of the movie the app asked me to Upgrade to Infuse Pro and refused to play the video? Whats's going on? It's not free anymore.. It's like Plex now?
Edit: It was a 4K file, that's why the free version didn't play it. 1080P seems OK for one movie, but then I tried an episode of a TV show (also just 1080P) and it asked to upgrade... :(
  18. @sh.online.577: thank you so much
  19. @shmvon: You can install Linux and it flies. You do need the T2-patch and some patience.
  20. @krehbein: In terms of a)2 drives setup as a raid, or b)a single ssd drive…..which is more stable/safer? RAID provides redundancy in case one drive fails, but isn’t the ssd a more reliable storage solution?

- I built a tiny home lab: Kind: captions Language: en I've made a ton of videos on my channel over the years. Some of them covering some really useful home lab stuff and some well not so much. And I'd say that this falls somewhere in the middle. Hopefully more towards the useful side. This is my little home lab stack composed of three Lenovo Think Center mini PCs in a custom modular chassis. each serving a different purpose in the lab with PFSense as the router, Proxmox as the hypervisor with open media vault for storage and a dedicated Linux client. We've ditched individual power bricks and are powering all of them from a single power supply. And as you can see, we have a screen which is kind of cool. I think in this video I'm going to talk about this whole setup in general, why I think these little Lenovo PCs are amazing little machines for anyone's home lab and discuss why I went with certain design choices you see here. Okay. Now, when I see these cute little mini PCs right here, my basic human instinct is to cluster them. But I've done that enough times and I already have two clusters running in my lab. So, I figured let's give them each a dedicated purpose. >> What is my purpose? You run open media vault. >> Oh my god. >> And in your lab, you generally have three things, right? Your gateway/ router, your hypervisor for running VMs and containers, and usually some kind of naps. Well, uh, we kind of did that here. For the networking side of things, we're running pfSense because a I used to run pfSense as my main gateway, so I wanted to revisit that, and b I just think it's a good choice. For the hypervisor, we are running Proxmox. That's it. I mean, that's my go-to choice most of the time, so I figured I'd just stick with that. And the third device is running Iuntu as my client machine. And before we dive into the specifics of each setup, let's talk about these actual PCs. These are the Lenovo Think Center M920Q's, and they come in different models, each with some differences and specs and IO capabilities. These are equipped with a six core Intel 8500T, 16 GB of RAM, and each has a full 16X PCIe slot to customize them to your liking, and we did that. First off, the processor. The 8500T isn't a powerhouse by any stretch of the imagination, but that is perfectly fine. When you're working with PCs this small, you often want lower power chips to manage thermals, and it's just nice using less power in general. With a 35 watt TDP, I think these are a nice balance of capabilities with their somewhat modern architecture and serviceable integrated graphics versus their efficiency and price. Oh yeah, I paid $450 for all three of these machines, then upgraded the RAM for another $75. In terms of build and functionality, these are pretty freaking sweet. As you can obviously tell, they are tiny, but surprisingly expandable. Opening the unit up will reveal some of that expandability. These models come with a two and a half inch SATA bracket and connector by default, which is great and what most people would use, but if you take that out, you'll notice what looks like a PCIe slot, and it is, but you'll need a riser kit to make use of that. That will give you a full 16x slot, although note that you only get eight lanes of PCIe Gen 3. You can fit a half height card in here, and in my experience, I was barely able to fit a 6 and 1/4 in length card, so that's probably the max. You also have access to the Wi-Fi card slot here. If you want Wi-Fi or to adapt that to another function, go right ahead. Then we have the cooling solution for the CPU, which is fine, kind of. I did run into some thermal issues, but I'll get to that in a bit. Flipping the device over and hitting it from the back reveals the M.2 NVME slots, well, slot. It's obvious they're using the same motherboard design for different SKUs because we can clearly see that there is a second spot for another M.2 two slot, but we just have one here. We can also see the RAM slots here as well. And we get two DDR4 so dim slots. And uh yeah, that's it. Then to finish things off, we have some pretty standard IO on the front and the back. Mic, headphone, USBC, USB 2 and three, HDMI, display port, and gigabit networking. Perfectly adequate. I'd say overall for the price, these are pretty hard to beat, especially considering you can fit an actual PCIe card in here. However, they are not perfect. I mentioned a thermal issue and well, it was definitely an issue. When I was first testing these out, I wanted to have a Windows machine with the GPU for cloud gaming or something, I don't know, but I threw a low power GT1030 in there, and I couldn't even make it through a Times Spy benchmark without the machine shutting down. Turns out the GPU was pushing 110° just a minute or so into the test, and the entire device was super hot to the touch. Looking at the device, it's pretty obvious it's not designed with air flow and cooling in mind, so that shouldn't really come as a shock. I'm sure you could perform some good old Dremel mods to provide more air flow, but I wanted to keep these devices unscathed. The other issue, also related to PCIe expandability, is that we don't get the option to bifrocate the PCIe slot. This means that we wouldn't be able to take those eight lanes and break them out into two separate four-lane connections. So, no dual NVME boards. This would have been nice considering we only get that single native NVME slot, but here we are. Both of these things could be solved if you go with the M920X model, which upgrades you to an i7 processor, gives you that second NVME slot, and supports bifurcation, but those seem to be like double the price. Might be worth it for you, but for me, nah. Okay, cool. That's the Lenovo M920Q. Now, it's time to talk about how I'm utilizing each of them and how that influenced the specific PCIe card I chose for each. Let's start with the top, which is our networking machine running PFSense. In general, to run a pfSense setup, you really only need two network ports, one for WAN and one for LAN. So, I went with a four- port 2.5 gig nick cuz why not? It gives us two additional slots that can be used for dedicated VLAN ports or even a second WAN for failover. As for PFSense, a lot of people would say just use OpenSense. It's so much better. Look, personally, I like PFSense better, but if you like OpenSense, by all means, go for that. They're both roughly the same thing, so your experience should be fine either way. PFSense did recently just switch to a paid model for their plus version if you're hosting it on your own hardware, but the community edition is still free, so that's what we're using. The setup is pretty basic for our instance. We just assigned our WAN to one port, our LAN to the other, and kept everything else default. Once installed, we can then access the UI from any device on the LAN network. But there's an obvious problem here. We only have one LAN port. So, yes, you will need a switch and or an access point. I'm just using this basic little Netgear one for this demo because it fits so nicely on top of here. Realistically, you just plug this into your existing downstream network stack. From there, we're ready to go. I even went and added a guest VLAN to one of the extra network ports. So, anything downstream from that one will sit on its own VLAN. Pretty cool. So, we have our network gateway spun up and ready to go. Next, we are doing Proxmox. For this machine, I went with a pretty goofy PCIe card. Since I wanted a total of three drives on here, one for the OS and ISO storage and two in a mirror for the VM containers, I had to get a little creative to get two more drives in here. I got this card that has an NVME slot and an M.2 SATA slot and that SATA drive is connected via a standard SATA cable. I did have to get this weird male to female SATA cable to connect to Lenovo SATA adapter and it just barely fits. But at the end of the day, it works. I have a SATA drive to run my operating system and dual NVME drive set up in a ZFS mirror in Proxmox that I can use for virtualization. Of course, you don't have to run it like this. You can do whatever you want. And honestly, that's what you should be getting out of this entire video. Just do what you want, not necessarily what I'm doing here. But now that Proxmox is configured, I needed a VM to run my Docker container. So I spun up Ubuntu server VM for that. And of course, I installed Portainer for the management. The other thing was to run Open Media Vault because we do need some kind of NAS functionality here. And you're probably thinking one of two things right now. >> Brett, you hate Open Media Vault. or >> Brett, you used all your storage, so what's that even for? >> Okay, first of all, I don't hate Open Media Vault. It's a very good lightweight OS for basic NAS functionality, which is what we want. And as for storage, we actually do have more storage. Down here, I made a mount that holds these two 4 TBTE USB hard drives. And I know it's not recommended to run USB drives in a RAID array, but I did a video on this a while ago and ran that setup pretty heavily for six months and had no issues. So yeah, I don't know. I'll try it until it bites me in the ass. I will say if you're going to do this, then make sure you pass through the drives to your VM using the UU ID instead of by USB pass through so that Open Media sees those as normal drives and will actually let you build a RAID array with them. From here, we have 4 terabytes of redundant storage, and we can turn on Samba or NFS and create some shared folders to use with the rest of our devices. And obviously, you could run more stuff in Proxmox, but I'm just covering the base configuration here. The last device here is my client device, and I went back and forth a few times with this one. At first, it was a dedicated Open Media Vault device, but that kind of felt like it was a waste when I could just virtualize it and use the USB drives much easier. Then I had Windows on it for a bit with a GPU, but we know how that went. Then I just decided to throw Auntu desktop on there, which does a few things. It gives me a dedicated client device for testing and running software with the UI, and it also gives me bare metal access to the iGPU for video output to this little screen here. And if you want to run a media server without dealing with iGPU pass through and prox, then you could just do it on here. For the PCIe card, I just have a dual USBC card in here. and I didn't really know what to put in there because I didn't really need more storage. A GPU overheats and we already have a dedicated Wi-Fi slot. Realistically, I probably should have just done 2.5 gig on everything since I could just use a single drive for Proxmox for the OS and virtualization, and that would just give me more bandwidth between devices, but that would have been boring. I do think this is a decent little stack, though. We have everything we need without it being over the top or adding unnecessary complexity. I do wish these little PCs had a bit more room for storage. But hey, they weren't really designed for that, so I can't complain. And with all of these devices on running a basic workload, we're sitting at just around 50 watts, which is pretty good for three devices with all of our addin cards. But now we've arrived at the fun part, the design. I wanted to create a pretty basic design that allowed me to both easily stack my PCs and power them via a single power supply. and that turned into this. My initial design was kind of similar but even more basic where it only had two pieces but would require you to glue them together. I didn't really like this as it would limit my access to the hardware and it just wasn't modular. I ended up creating this configuration which I think looks a lot better and is more functional. Each piece is printed individually and are held together with these little plastic mounts that slide into the grooves on the side. I'm using M3 heat tap threads and screws, which may be a little too big. I might upgrade it for M.2. Not really sure yet. Did I just say M.2? M2, not M.2. I also like that you get this twotone look. So, if you want to be more creative with your color scheme, you can. Now, as for the bottom down here, we do have some interesting things going on. The power supply takes up most of the space. And this is a variable power supply that lets you adjust the voltage up to 24 volts, which is great because these PCs use 20. And with 20 amps of output, that's 400 watts of total power. Plenty enough for this setup. It's mounted via the screws on the side, which doesn't look great. I probably should have counter sunk those holes at least, but oh well. Then we have our little power distribution block that takes our 20 volts and gives us a bunch of connections. for my setup. I could have gotten away with not using this at all since the power supply itself has three outputs and I have three PCs, but if I wanted to add more down the line, I'd have to figure out something anyway. The other piece you see down here is the mount for the external Toshiba hard drives. I bought these for a previous project and I figured they'd fit great in here and turns out they do. Then at the front you see our little 5in display that I've used on some of my mini rack builds. I just reused the same mounting design. And to be honest, the only reason I put it in here is because when I created the initial design, it just looks so empty on the front without anything there. It did turn out to be quite useful as I can use my client PC to display my Home Assistant dashboard that's running via Docker on my Proxmox machine. This gives us some cool info about our setup, which really impresses the ladies. It doesn't really impress the ladies. So yeah, that's my custom little Lenovo Think Center Home Lab cube thing. I'm actually very happy with how it turned out. It's functional, compact, power efficient, and personally I think it looks pretty good. And all of the designs and any mods I make will be listed down in the description. So feel free to do this yourself or take them and make something better. But yeah, sound off in the comments about what you think of this and if there is anything I covered that maybe you want a dedicated video on. And I hope this was useful. if not entertaining for some of you. But if you liked it, then drop a like and subscribe if you want to see more of these custom home lab projects. Got lots in the pipeline that I think you'll like. I want to give a huge shout out to my YouTube members and my Patreons. You guys are my 3D printed Lenovo stack that definitely doesn't overheat and can fit my entire GPU inside of you. Y'all are the best. And if you're still watching, you're a variable power supply. Thank you so much and I'll see you in the next one. [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @joepasos5595: How did you manage to use the Variable 24 Volts DC psu for all your SFFMs? Did you cut the DC cord from the original PSU?

Thanks cheers!
  2. @BienvenuNNgala: Hi,
This video is really helpful as I want to setup my homelab using the some hardware. Please could you help me, how did connect Lenovo proprietary ribbon SATA  port to the normal SATA cable. Please find attached a picture illustrating what I am talking about.
Regards,
  3. @JagdeepSinghKaler: Can this psu provide different voltage at the same time, like high for the machine and low for HDDs
  4. @AStarStarship: I just ordered a Lenovo P340 SFF with a 2020 Xeon W-1250 6-core and 16GB DDR4, which is 9.5" wide so I'm going to 3D print a custom 10-inch MiniRack that fits on top of it. I'm the most happy with that.
  5. @Bragg-WRC123: It doesn't impress the ladies?!?! - get a new lady.
  6. @tomgron-youtube: Cool and compact - how do you do SDN with Proxmox and pfSense? Can you command them together somehow so that form a single network with multiple VLANs or how?
  7. @ricksarvas6563: It's now the beginning of April 2026 - that same previously $17 stick of 8G RRD4 from Amazon that was shown at 2:37 now sells for $74.
  8. @stevelittle6687: Great build. I'm designing something similar for my own setup
  9. @idb-i3s: you can have the 3 of them in just one machine... unraid if you have diferente HDDs o TrueNAS if you have money to build the HDDs arrays from the start.
  10. @Yousef-hadhrami: 13:11 this is me everyday with my wife
  11. @WhchOneIsMe: 2:38 haha checked the ram listing 7 months later and the 17 flipped to 71 now
  12. @thenoobgamer7307: Hi , which processor brand is best for home server , cuz in my country NAS motherboard isn't available . 
I know the question i have asked is kind of stupid(feel free to correct  my mistake , thank you ), so help a fellow being and this is my first home lab project.
  13. @EsotericArctos: How do you find the Lenovo mini's compared the somewhat popular HP Mini's?
  14. @cScript404: @RaidOwl how many docker containers are installed in the Docker VM and do you think that 1-2 VMs and 15-20 Containers are too much for that?
  15. @MSchievelbein: Great video.  I had been looking for a power supply solution for my home cluster and you solved it.  THANKS
  16. @Kijani-y8u: I’m doing something similar but with hp elite desks
  17. @blossomingeeee: lady here, it impressed me
  18. @michaelmueller5211: has anyone tested the 3D model with a minisforum ms-01
  19. @exnihilo452: 3 quick notes, if one were so inclined... 1. you can solder another m.2 slot in place and flash the firmware, 2. you can bifurcate the pcie on the q version but takes again some basic soldering skills. 3. you can get the top of an x version or a handful of other versions that fit the top of the q and they are a tiny bit taller and vented. and i would assume this can all be done cheaper than the x version, but if you are going to do all of these things... get the x version.
*a 4th, if for some reason you wanted to, research compatibility but some people have reported expanding the ram to double the specs. so 64gb.
  20. @ThoughtCannon: Maybe i missed it, but why run it on 3 separate m920q machines? For that money you could've built something much more capable especially considering the fact you wanted to run a gpu for vm gaming. In small firm factor type machines i run turbo fan cards that blow the heat directly out of the case. Helps a lot.