- 4 Ways You’re Hurting Your Audience Retention Without Realizing: Kind: captions Language: en see this right here that means that people quit watching your video as soon as they clicked play how terrible does a video need to be for people to leave that fast your video isn't that bad is it let's fix that so the first step to improving your audience retention is actually going to start with your title and your thumbnail what we really want to do is create some kind of intrigue or some kind of curiosity so that we can get the viewer expecting something when they click into the video and the main question to ask yourself is what is intriguing to my audience so here's an example i'm a musician i've been playing the guitar since i was about 12 years old it's my favorite thing in the world i love it i still remember back then i was helping my brother clean his room and we found this little scratched up jimi hendrix cd and so i popped it into my little cd player and it just absolutely blew my mind and i said i want to do that so knowing that if i were to go open up the youtube homepage right now and i saw one video that was titled advanced guitar tutorial on the pentatonic scale and right next to it was another video titled how to shred like jimi hendrix in five minutes or less which one do you think i'm clicking on it's all about creating what's intriguing to your target audience so now that we got the viewer to click into our video we need to hook the viewer in those first few precious seconds the biggest mistake that we want to avoid is opening the video by just repeating what you said in the title so instead we either just want to get right into the content or if you presented some kind of question or some kind of intrigue where the viewer may be feeling some sort of tension that they need to get resolved try to stretch that intrigue a little bit further in those opening seconds to make them feel even more tension like they need to stick around to get that tension resolved ultimately the goal of these first few seconds is to make the viewer feel like they're in the right place and also that the time investment that they made by clicking into the video is going to be worth it think of any good tv show that you like they hook you in right off the bat and so we're trying to do the same thing with our viewers we're trying to really pull them into our content so now that we've successfully hooked the viewer into our content one of the most powerful things that we can do to continue to improve our audience retention is going to be storytelling integrating a story structure makes it way more compelling for the viewer to want to stick around and watch the entire video verse skipping ahead just trying to find the thing that they clicked for or abandoning the video completely just watch any mr beast video jimmy is a master at storytelling and he starts just about every one of his videos with that storytelling structure who is the character what do they want why can't they have what they want and what is at stake if they don't get what they want weaving in your own personal story into your content is also another really powerful way to increase audience retention i told you a story just a minute ago about how i got started playing the guitar and that took me what 20 seconds and i'm willing to bet that you probably felt a little bit more connected with me stories are so powerful because they create an emotional connection with the viewer and emotions hold attention and they also increase engagement now as we're approaching the end of our video keep on delivering that value to the end and don't fall into the trap of using ending language so you don't want to say hey thanks so much for checking out this video my name has been sam don't forget to leave me a comment because this very clearly communicates to the viewer that there is no more value to be gained through the rest of this video and you can safely be on your way so instead of closing with this ending language we are going to point to another video this not only improves your audience retention but getting somebody into that next video extends the viewing session which is a very very positive viewer signal for the youtube algorithm and this makes it way more likely that youtube is going to surface your video to more and more people out there leading to that explosive growth for your channel so ingrid actually breaks down more of these viewer signals and unpacks the youtube algorithm here so you definitely want to check out this video next so you can learn how to get the most out of your channel so go ahead and click right here and we will see you there

  Top Comments:
  1. @TheEclecticGoat [3 likes]: “The first thing you need to do it hook you viewers.” No kidding. Why do you think I clicked on THIS video? Not helpful at all.
  2. @Al-Hunt [2 likes]: I'm on the verge of just giving up.
  3. @blakerice [2 likes]: gosh that man is handsome
  4. @abcdef2069 [1 likes]: retention is creating more clickbait videos
  5. @aleksandar7393: Just small correction, actually they not quiting, probably those fast give up are from main page preview, so user will turn sound on in preview, check first few seonds and will not even click, but it will register as view. You can test it by creating some test video and then publish as unlisted and you will see what I am talking about.
  6. @SuperstarPheon: I’m glad I wacth this video more motivation… thanks
  7. @MrPohp: Shred like Hendrix in 5 mins or less” 
Any guitarist knows that’s a lie. 
And a new guitarist will be disappointed.
  8. @RhythmicRuler: What about putting logo after the hook line? It is only for to 5 seconds, but will it kill the retention rate?
  9. @UrbanKiwiana: I've been at this game for a long time now..I've always struggled with upload times,.titles and keeping people the whole time unless it's my hardcores it seems like everyone I've inspired has grown so fast while I keep ploting along.
Is it bad to do shorts and long form on the same channel?
  10. @KingLamarQuinton: This vid is about improving retention rates starts with how to click bait 😂😂😂.......stop pulling in the wrong viewers
  11. @BrentLeVasseur: Here is my honest feedback as a consumer of this ‘how to’ video: Yeah most people now seem to follow the cookie cutter method of ‘hook’ then tell your life story, then give them examples, and then finally after they wasted 5 minutes of your time with useless filler just to make the video longer for Adsense, they finally deliver the goods at the end. 😂 The question going through my mind is ‘is it worth it sitting through listening to this guy’s life story who I literally just ‘met’ and have no connection with, just to receive the information I want? Take your ‘I’m a guitarist who likes Jimi Hendrix…’ thing. Yeah so what? Me too! I’m a guitarist too, and like Hendrix and Van Halen but that’s not why I clicked on your video. I want specific information and you are wasting my time. The better way is give me the information I want, and then if I like that information and it’s helpful to me, I might then feel compelled to want to ‘get to know you better’, like comment subscribe etc…
  12. @AtomosIsCool: My videos loose all viewers after 36 seconds, hopefully this helps
  13. @DariusInspire: Started 2 days ago and I already have 6 subs!
  14. @SmartHobbies: You nailed it with this video.
  15. @Daily_Motivational_Quotes--d7n: :face-red-heart-shape:
  16. @zackt-n6d: How can a content creator improve audience retention if their channel is an 3D animation channel and videos are modeling time-lapse videos, or how to tutorials?
  17. @fairleemadegaming: Title, Thumbnail, and hook to entice the viewer. This is very similar to an interview, the person hosting the interview will decide within 30 seconds if you're the right fit for the job, or if they like you. This is crucial to success for sure. Going to continue watching but this advice is very helpful.
  18. @-Yuimie-: Nice video! I have a question tho, I make animation for my channel, however one of my recent video audience retention was just keep decreasing , 140% at the beginning and 33% at the end, and I couldn’t cut any parts out because it’s an animation, and idk what to do
  19. @ChampyonHampterGaming: Y’all got me hooked on Jimi Hendrix 🩷🎸🐹🕺🏾
  20. @soumayaait: This video was really helpful. I like all the tips and I will try to use them. One question please. I started my channel this year and I have 915 subscribers almost reaching 1000 but the problem is my watch time is 700. It is going very slow comparing to my subscribers. Is it normal? Any tips to improve that please?

- Using audience retention stats to make better videos: Kind: captions Language: en sometime in late 2012 Google added audience retention statistics to their Google Analytics and to me that was a game changer because it allows a YouTube creator to see how much a video actually gets watched and I think that feature has much to do with why YouTube has become much more watchable than TV audience retention is and the analytics right here that shows the absolute audience retention of this video as a function of time and as you can see it starts off and a hundred percent everybody starts the video and then it drops rather steeply and then it levels off there's also a relative audience retention and that's adjusted or normalized by videos of similar lengths so this one doesn't drop us steeply because that sort of drop is actually quite normal I don't use this graph as much because it's rather smooth so it doesn't give me as detailed of view as the absolute audience retention and on this graph I look for places where the audience drops off particularly steeply other than the beginning so for instance right here there's a relatively steep drop and so let's go to right here and what am I doing here and basically that was just a lot of talking me talking about things generally tends to not drive the audience as much or well people don't seem to be as interested in it and what they do is they will typically leave or click forward there's definitely some clicking forward because if you look at this here the audience retention here is 44% and then it goes to 49% which tells me that some people just simply skipped forward the fact that the audience retention goes up here means this was relatively more interesting here's another place where it drops off what was I doing here [Music] and again it's me just explaining a lot of things and then here it goes up again which means relatively few people left and people skip forward to here and stayed there because it was more interesting and that turns out to be me putting things together so I can tell here in this video that the action is definitely preferable to just me talking and I've always been aware of this from other videos and I try to double up the talking with action or what I do explain something such as right here I'm using a visual aid to explain the problem and the audience retention here shows it's going up a little bit so that method of explaining things worked fairly well back here we have growing audience retention and this is I finally put it together and I'm trying it out and of course everybody's got the anticipation of how well does it work so people stick around now this is the audience retention for the last 90 days what's interesting is this changes over time so if I look at the first seven days on here you'll notice this line is now much higher before it was hovering around 50% and here it's hovering around 68% and it also doesn't dip as much and the reason for that is this first seven days stats is people that actually follow my channel not necessarily people that are subscribed but people that are actually highly interested in what I'm doing so they're watching the videos as they come out and they're much less likely to skip forward as people who casually drift onto the video months later now let's look at another video and this one this is going back a few years the analytics for me were rather insightful and this video was about my friend Pat Holly he made a custom eight string guitar with fan frets this is to deal with the fact that the strings are very different notes the fan that helps with that but anyways here you can see the audience retention is constantly dropping because it's mostly Pat explaining this guitar as opposed to actually building something there's a few spots here for instance where it levels off so that must have been more interesting and this is him actually showing how it sounds that's more interesting and then here it levels off people stop leaving and here's what happened this is the guitar being played in concert for the very first time and everybody is in anticipation of what does this guitar sound like and people are sticking around until we get to here and then it drops off rather rapidly and this is when the band really starts to play and everybody is like okay I've heard it I'm actually not that interested in the song you'd never see this in the live performance that people would just start filing under the room once somebody starts playing the guitar the actual song is not of interest to my audience which is not to say that this band was terrible it's just my audience didn't come to my channel to watch the band now there is another conundrum with audience retention the better your audience retention the more likely YouTube is to promote your videos but it makes some things rather difficult because some people would really like to listen to some concept being explained in detail for instance if it's about a project that you want to build but 99% of the audience aren't going to build this project and if I talked in great detail about finessing something for a specific project they're gonna leave which means you two won't promote the video which means that people that want to build the project are less likely to see it so this is always a conundrum trying to explain a concept clearly enough without boring the majority of the audience

  Top Comments:
  1. @eherlitz [1 likes]: It would be interesting to see the analysis of this very video.
  2. @gregoetker1389 [1 likes]: Time to show us the Shrew analytics!
  3. @billkurek5576: Don’t change.. noBS, no intro, no outro, relatively short, under 25 minutes. Great Stuff. Keep it up. Thanks Yea ,throw in the kids now and then and maybe an occasional cat or dog.
  4. @georgigobg: Some of us would appreciate your detailed blog article where you can put all the long explanations that would be too much for YouTube. You can put more ads there as well. I don't mind ads on blog-like websites. I don't know why but I find they are much better targeted to my interests than the ones on YouTube.
  5. @stuckinthe90sheaded4nature: I'd say that's pretty good for human 8 sec attention span
  6. @surfcello: What would be really cool is if the video was interactive: at certain intervals there'd be buttons "click here for more detail", and a clip would be inserted at the right point, making the video a little longer for those interested. Most people would not click on the buttons and have just a short entertaining video of build montage and action, without any explanations.
  7. @socialsodaentertainment: One of my videos started with an audience retention rate of 57% at 0 seconds, can someone explain what that means? Thanks.
  8. @richardhawkins2647: I can remember watching an Izzy Swan vid where he apologized for not talking because he got more hits if he didn't! (I think every other video he has talked all over it though.) It made me think, if you explain it well enough, I might only have to watch it once or twice to get the message. However, if you just show you building it, I'm going to have to watch it lots of times to see what you did! More views!!!
  9. @phivestarz: It could also be they don't speak English. For instance, I watch a few channels that are not in English but more "hands on" shots so I follow... but when they talk, I skip forward because I don't know what they're saying and I don't feel like reading subtitles.
  10. @LewisRealEstateAgents: Can anyone tell me why my analytics  page for my channel does not have Audience Retention? Is it something that has to be added?
  11. @PuerinTheHunter: People just want videos to be like an action movie with barely any dialog.
  12. @scottmiller9098: 0:12 Watched?
  13. @DanielPirone68: Perhaps of interest: 

https://www.marketplace.org/2018/11/28/tech/some-youtubes-biggest-stars-say-youtube-bad-their-health
  14. @aarondavid826: What do you think of Steve Ramsey's solution to this problem? For those of you who don't know he now charges for a super detailed woodworking course for his fans that are actually interested in instructional video and he makes an entertainment video once or twice a month for the rest of his fans.
  15. @PeterPasieka: So you made a video showing that people leave or skip forward when you talk in the video. Yet, all you've done is talked in the video and didn't build anything. 
Are you experimenting to see a straight down line on the graph? LOL 😂🤣😅
  16. @guillaumesubiron9446: I think you want to please all the people who are watching and listening your entire videos, not the few who are jumping all over the place without giving you so much attention. On a video about filters, most are interesting about how it works. You screwing stuff is just b-roll.

Your channel is great. Have a nice day :-)
  17. @matambale: I have this vain hope that  enough people will quickly tune out of a video that starts out with loud screeching music/explosions etc. and some idiot screaming HEY YOUTUBERS! as an intro, that the creator will finally notice the average view duration is less than three seconds, and stop with that stupid sh_t.
  18. @aampudia8: that's why some people have 2 channels, one to show what they made in a "quick" 5 minutes video, and another channel to explain in great detail the process and everything else in a 45 minutes video....
  19. @cameronwebster6866: I think the best solution to the problem you talk about at the end would be to have shorter less in depth video and a longer more detailed video. At the end of the shorter video tell people to watch the longer video if they want more information. Essentially you would have a “look I made a thing” video that would probably have higher retention and get shared and promoted more, and a “here’s how I made the thing” video that is more inline with what you regular viewers would like.
  20. @ForwardGuidance: i've seen so many woodworking vids i hardly watch them anymore ... watched travel vids for a while and then sailing vids ... and then this and that so for the most part i'm done with YT... rarely here anymore.

- Improving video audience retention using Youtube analytics: Kind: captions Language: en How long should a good learning video be? What presentation style keeps students watching for longer?

- 6 Audience Retention Tactics Genius YouTubers Use: Kind: captions Language: en what's a good audience retention rate to go for 70% that's what you need if it's below that figure out how to get higher 70% do even the best creators get those kind of [Music] numbers well they do here's an audence retention graph from one of Mr BEAST's video and one from Logan Paul's video now there are two things to notice here one overall both the creators were able to get a retention rate between 60 to 80% two if you notice a 30second mark both the creat were able to retain 75 to 85% of Their audience within the first 30 seconds which is phenomenal so I decided to watch hours of their content and connect the dots between viewer psychology Creator tactics and the evolution of Hollywood films and in this video I'll talk about one why do viewers drop off two what do top creators do to keep their viewers hooked and three why do those retention tactics actually work what's the science behind them for those who are new to the world of content audence retention explains how well was your video able to retain the attention of the viewers during the course of the video for example a 10-minute video with a 60% audience retention rate means that typically a viewer was watching that video for about 6 minutes now that we have the basics out of the way let's jump to why audience retention as a metric is so important audience retention combined with the click-through rate has an impact on how many views your video will be getting there are other factors as well but as Mr Beast explains it in this video I think YouTube just wants people to click on a video and watch it to me what's important is Click theate getting people to click on your video and then average view duration average view percentage or just relative retention and you know having them watch it in this clip getting clicks refers to getting a good clickthrough rate on your title and your thumbnail and the second Factor about views talks about increasing your watch time both factors combined it signals the algorithm that this video is worth promoting to a bigger audience so what really makes makes viewers drop off from a video to understand this we need to think about the viewer's journey no matter where the viewer gets exposed to the title or the thumbnail of your video the purpose of these two elements Remains the Same which is to make a promise and that promise sets an expected payoff in the minds of the viewers if you think in terms of a graph as long as the expected payoff value is high that is close to one the viewers will continue to watch the video the moment the tune out or start doubting the expected value of the video they drop off so as creators our goal is to proactively address those doubts so the million-dollar question is what are those doubts and when do they kick in so the first doubt kicks in almost right after the viewer clicks on the video is the video about what I think it is to tackle this doubt the top creators rely on a couple of tactics the first tactic is to maintain visual consistency between the thumbnail and the first 5 Seconds of the video to see this in action let's jump to YouTube's homepage and take a look at one of Mr BEAST's video if you notice what Mr Beast does here is that the first 5 Seconds of the video literally open up from the thumbnail itself thanks to YouTube's Sleek ux the viewer is able to get a sneak peek of the video without even clicking on it or even hearing any of the audio this convinces the viewer that the title or the thumbnail is not a clickbait and the video is exactly what they think it is about the consistency across these three elements that is the title the thumbnail and the first 5 Seconds of the video they help set the right expected payoff in the minds of the viewers and that gives them a reason not to drop off within the first 5 Seconds of the video so in our next video we need to make sure that there is some level of consistency between the Seconds of the video and bonus points if you overlay some keywords within the first 5 Seconds of the video because the viewers don't really hear the audio when they get a sneak peek of the video on YouTube's homepage the second tactic related to this doubt is to reinforce the base concept right at the start of the video let's listen to the very first sentence of these videos from some of the top here do I'm going to spend the next 7 Days buried alive under 20,000 lb of dirt off the world you've been hearing about F12 right cool let's talk about it have you ever wondered what it would be like to drive across the country using only Tesla autopipe here are some of the things we'll be looking at I'm about to spend $30,000 in the next 5 minutes buying the most futuristic Tech on the internet and then we're going to test it to find out if it actually is the future or if it's all just marketing nonsense do you see a pattern you got that right it's as simple as clear clearly calling out what the video is about as long as it ties back to the expectations set by the title and the thumbnail you just reinforce the expected payoff value so how can we use this tactic as a general rule of thumb within the first few sentences clearly articulate what the video is about moving on to the next doubt which is is there anything unique about this video to address this doubt the creators do two things the first thing that the creators do is they don't tell but show the viewers why this is a video that they just can't miss depending on the genre of the video the execution of this tactic will change a bit for example in the grand challenges genre Mr Beast relies on showing what is at stake or giving a glimpse of something extraordinary to get you hooked whereas in the edutainment genre like explainer videos done by Cleo abam she gives a glimpse into an interview or an interesting Insight that was done to create that particular video the idea being that depending on your genre and the audience that you have you give them a trailer of sorts of what's to follow in that video and why this video is unmissable so when you're planning for your next video and thinking about the visuals that you would have at the start of the video think about how can you give a trailer visually of what the video would include some high notes of it without revealing the entire thing if it's a challenge video then probably you can tease the viewers by mentioning about the secondary Stakes or if it's a product review video mention that apart from the review itself you will talk about one relatively unknown feature of the product which will keep the expected payoff value super high high and give them a reason to stick around and watch the rest of the video going back to the second out which was about is there anything unique in this video here's the second thing that the top creators do which is they over stimulate the viewers with a lot of visuals I did some research on this and for that I watched hours of content from some of the top creators to understand how do they really construct the first 30 seconds of their video here are the top three insights number one they change the shot in some manner or form every 1.7 7 Seconds number two on average they were about 19 shots in the first 30 seconds and number three less than 1 in five shots was a simple talking head kind of a shot or b-roll footage reinforcing the base concept of the video mind you this included creators from all kinds of genas productivity explainer challenge you name it the idea is to throw a barrage of hooks at the viewer with the hopes that they would latch onto one of them which would instantly Drive the payoff value of the video and keep them watching the video so when you Crea in your next video during the editing phase do a few things number one literally count the number of times you're changing your shot during the first 30 seconds aim to get an average short length duration to somewhere around 2 seconds or less number two check what percentage of your shots are actually you talking to the camera directly try to have your face in less than 20% of the shots in the first 30 seconds on that note I would like to know how many shots on average do you have in the first 30 seconds of your video you can put that number in the comment section now if you were able to retain your viewer within the first 30 seconds of the video you have won half the battle as the probability of viewers dropping off from this point on declines significantly thanks to a psychological concept called the sunk cost fallacy where in the context of the viewer the longer they have watched the video for the more resistance they feel in dropping off from the video mainly because the time that they have invested in watching the video till that point and and with that we jump to the main doubt that viewers have is there anything else left to watch in this video this is way I noticed the genius Creator is doing something very different versus the other creators the first thing that the top creators do very deliberately is breaking sensory monotony using various pattern interrupts and there's a wide range of tools to choose from the most common one is to change the background in this video you will notice how vanisa Lao breaks the visual monotony by simply changing the setting in which she's filming herself the next one is text overlays in this video you will notice how Ali abdal relies on literally a slide to kind of reinforce the concepts that he's talking about the next one is much simpler to execute it's just about switching between different camera angles this is something saman Colin heavily rely on to break the visual monotony for the viewers another commonly used method is by relying on b-roll footage like Cleo does in this video if you notice in this video she's just not talking about the concept but also visually displaying what the concept really is about do you know where else do we see this in action Hollywood as per research by psychologist at Cornell University the average short length of English movies in the last 8 years has declined from 12 seconds all the way down to 2.5 seconds today the only purpose of doing this is to hold the attention of the viewers much better to action this you can do it in Two Steps step one Beyond The 30second Mark take a look at your edit overall make sure sure there's something changing every 5 to 10 seconds step two ask one of your friends to watch the rough edit of your video see where exactly do they lose their focus in the video and check if a pattern interrupt may be the solution for it or even if you are required to trim down the video from that particular segment that may be the next step next going back to solving for the same doubt is there anything more that I need to watch in this video the second tactic that these stop creators use is that they augment the main story with a suppot here's what Mr Beast has to say on this it's very hard with a single storyline if you're doing like a double digit minute video to just have that one thing grip their entire attention throughout the whole video and pay off at the end um so typically if you're doing a longer video you should introduce like a Side Story and like re you should have some plan halfway through like to re-engage them so they don't just get bored you know what I mean like and let's see how Mr Beast implements this in his own videos I tied up an FBI agent if he steals this $100,000 from me before midnight he keeps it so that's the main concept of the video the subplot of the video is now there's a giant telephone pole blocking the exit we're now at the Hedge base and I got the $100,000 we're heading to Walmart where I'm going to try to blend in with normal people there's a pickax back here and while they're inside searching for me you need to pop all the tires on their car to strand them and you were thinking this would not apply to an explainer video take a look at this one in this video Cleo's main story line is the tool I'm using isn't going to go find pictures on line and then collage them together it's going to create a brand new image you've probably heard of this thing it's a form of artificial intelligence called do do it's called do 2 image generating artificial intelligence and a upla is we set up a little competition I think we should try and do a city skyline without AI first and then we should do like the AI version the absolute best storytellers make their stories engaging by having a sub plot within their base plot as a Creator during the concept phase think about what can be a subplot that can help you drive the main story line for each genre the execution of this concept may look different but that is when you need to look at how are the top creators in your Niche implementing this concept and it may give you some ideas if you like the video so far hit the like And subscribe button because I plan on making more such videos and I want you to be the first one to know about it feel free to use this graphic when you're planning for your next video you can download it from the link in the description for absolutely free until then see you in the next video

  Top Comments:
  1. @CreatorTalkYT [82 likes]: Hey, thank you for the amazing feedback! You can also have this eBook handy the next time you are planning for your video. It covers the main sections of the video as well as includes excerpts of scripts from some of the top creators like Cleo Abram, Ali Abdaal and MrBeast as examples. 

And it's FREE to download! Here is the link: https://creatortalk.gumroad.com/l/retentioncheatsheet
  2. @hiwoligo-music [1 likes]: 2026 now simple and long videos is on top
  3. @LizZayAdventures [1 likes]: This was super useful. Thanks!
  4. @RahfeN [1 likes]: That's a SUPERB video, nice research and presentation, 100 out of 10!
  5. @seanjackewicz9958 [1 likes]: My first 30 sec has been 3! I'm going to change this up now.
  6. @MoneyGistUK [1 likes]: "Keep talking head shots to less than 20% of your video..."
Me, looks at entire channel made up of talking head videos 😢
  7. @Learn_a_little_things: thanks just thanks! this helped a lot
  8. @StiDesousa: https://youtu.be/gLSmuDpc4tk?si=n0WqHxpWCVUhWoKq
  9. @Safwan_Isa: very good guidance and follow by example to make us fully appreciate your detail analysis. will definitely try. thanks
  10. @GamingWithJollyRoger: Good stuff Thx a lot!
  11. @marisaelenenadiejamusiccom3974: Because people are getting used to watching poor contents and I’m speaking about the movies that you’re talking about the movies today are very very poorly produced and if people become used to not having a large attention span then this is why it might affect content in the future, I think people should concentrate on creating excellent aesthetic, creative content, and not carrying as much as how much money you can make unfortunately
  12. @yash_nair: amazing insights
  13. @maketheswitchtoN2: Audience Retention doesn't matter when Spam View Bots destroy Audience Retention by leaving video after a view is counted repeatedly destroying Audience Retention.
  14. @nocodelogic: These are great tips.
  15. @itsdogoflani: Wow. Absolutely amazing insights from you. Thanks for the information.
  16. @sacredorderofwriters: The information in this video is absolutely surreal, incredibly helpful! And you did so much research... Thank you so much.
  17. @johnligma2006: thanks bro, this is very much needed!
  18. @FixLabUS1: Good tips good editing and surely helpful, i knew that work hard on the first 30 sec of the video is crucial almost the most important part of the video, I believe I learned a few new things too. BTW I would say i average 10/12 clips in the first 30 secs .
  19. @Codigo-e-Sabedoria: This breakdown of the psychology behind viewer retention is incredibly helpful. The point about visual consistency between thumbnail and the first 5 seconds really clicked for me - it's such a simple but powerful way to reduce that initial doubt. Thanks for making this so actionable!
  20. @basically-0010: just putting it out there, this is the first video of yours that i saw and i subbed 2 mins in

- RETENTION IS KEY: The Surprising Science Behind VIRAL Videos! 😯: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] audience retention number one thing is like retaining as many people as possible that's hurt my retention I would just obsess study retention chart most small YouTube creators don't get this retention is crucial for making videos go viral check this out I've got two videos here one with low retention holding in only 11k views the other with high retention blew up to over 7 million views as you see retention isn't just a nice to have it's essential for viral success but don't just take my word for it Mr Beast one of the biggest names in YouTube says it himself let's hear it straight from him I mean when you really boil it down to the people who are watching just think about it like what what do you think YouTube wants like to me I think YouTube just wants people to click on a video and watch it right I mean that's how they get their ad Revenue that's how they keep VI you know viewers happy and stuff like that I mean I'm sure comments likes stuff like that but at the end of the day they want you to click watch the video click watch the video and just do that as long as exactly all YouTube wants is for people to click on your video and stay glued to it as long long as possible we already covered getting those Clicks in chapter 1 now it's time to dive into the secrets of keeping your viewers locked in welcome to chapter 2 how to boost your attention and keep your viewers hooked from start to finish all right I'm going to break this down as simply as possible what really keeps your viewers hooked are your script and visuals so I've split this into three parts the hook the middle and the end each one plays a huge role in keeping viewers locked in let's start with the hook where you grab their attention in those first crucial seconds so your thumbnail and title have set the expectation so right at the start repeat that key phrase from the title and try to match the visuals from the thumbnail this way viewers instantly know they're getting exactly what they clicked for and they're not being click baited for example take this Mr Beast video right at the start he says exactly what's in the title I'm going to attempt to spend the next 7 Days in solitary confinement seal me up bye Jimmy hopefully I don't go insane and the visuals perfectly match the thumbnail the same Orange jumpsuit the same padded room and even the colors are consistent this reassures viewers that they're getting exactly what they clicked for and keeps them hooked of course you don't always have to just repeat your title word for word but you do need to capture the essence for example if you're teaching something showing the results up front works way better than simply restating the title let's check out this example from our boy Isaac known for making every video go viral the title is how I actually make viral shorts and here's the intro my shorts channel has over 20 million views and many viral notice how he immediately shows that he has over 20 million views on his shorts Channel he doesn't just talk about success he shows it this is powerful because it cuts out all the and delivers the results viewers are looking for now I bet this wouldn't hit as hard if he just said I know how to go viral but by showing those 20 million views right away he makes you stop and pay attention that's the lesson here if you're teaching something it's always better to show results first like if you're teaching how to pick up girls start by showing yourself doing it hi you're too short sorry or if it's about Fitness show a transformation photo people want proof before they invest their time in simple words if your content is more about entertainment focus on matching the visuals from your thumbnail repeating the key phrase from your title and bringing in high energy to keep viewers engaged but if your content is more about teaching or tutorials start by showing quick clear results this not only grabs attention but also builds trust proving you know your stuff and your video delivers what it promises and if you don't have results to show then you're just click baiting people and trust me viewers can see right through that oh by the way your intro shouldn't be longer than 20 seconds seriously the largest Dropout happens during the hook so you've got to jump into the action as soon as possible for example here's Mr Beast jumping straight into the action I have built the most deadly obstacle course in the world and my friend Mac here is attempting to complete it without falling 200 ft to the ground whenever you're ready Mac first jum he's about to do it it took him just 12 seconds to deliver on the promise of his title no just straight to the point jumping into action means different things depending on content for Mr Beast jumping into action means diving straight into his first challenge or big experience so for teaching or tutorial videos it could be getting to your first point or step the goal is to deliver what they came for before they even think about leaving now that we've got their attention with the hook it's time to move to the heart of your video while the hook sees the biggest drop offs the middle is where you risk losing the the momentum the middle isn't just filler it's where you deliver on the promise of your title and thumbnail but it's not just about giving information it's about how you give it clear and easy to follow that's exactly what your middle section should be you don't want to overwhelming your audience with too much at once break things down step by step and most importantly don't be boring let me show you an example of a solid middle section on the shorts right now I'll be back soon so after 3 hours of serious research here's the new spell now let's get to work this was the first mistake I was making in my old videos and if you can't make a viral short that's probably what you're missing as well if you have a bad video idea you can't make it go viral no matter how good you write your script or edit notice how Isaac lays out his viral recipe 2.0 step by step keeping it clear engaging and easy to follow this keeps his audience engaged without feeling lost now things Isaac does to to make sure they're never boring he doesn't linger too long on one point he keeps things moving his next level editing every transition and cut keeps you engaged and is script in delivery they're sharp energetic and perfectly on point so in simple word learn some basic editing you don't need to be on Isaac's level just enough to keep things flowing I mean I'm not on Isaac's level but you're still here right and most importantly Master The Art of Storytelling and best way to do that is think of your script as storytelling but bro I'm not good at storytelling oh then you need to be get chat GPT to help you out for example if par your script feels like it's boring or missing something just paste it into chat GPT and ask it to make it funny thrilling dramatic or whatever Vibe you think it's missing but remember even the best script won't work if your delivery Falls flat it's not just about what you say it's about how you say it whether it's adding energy to your voice timing your pauses just right or throwing in a quick visual to make your point clear and engaging delivery is everything but don't stress too much about this it comes with time and experience the more you create the more natural your delivery will feel while those tips work great for faceless content like Isaac's videos let's shift gears to talk about where you're actually on camera whether it's tutorials entertainment or something in between and for this we'll look at Mr Beast as an example normally because we're working on so many videos at once I'm usually like incredibly stressed as of right now I don't really feel that stressed at all but I feel a ton of anxiety because I have this severe fomo that I'm missing tons of cool stuff going on in the world it's weird it's a different em that I'm used to in Mr BEAST's middle section he delivers exactly what the video is about but there's extra steps he takes to make sure this part stays anything but boring the first technique he uses is switching to a different camera angle every 2 to 3 seconds to eat that ice cream it would have been nice to have edible parts of the meal but guess I'll just be hungry again normally he switches five times and just 7 Seconds this constant change keeps the visuals Dynamic and the viewers attention locked in let's hear from Mr Beast himself on this Dynamic switch and why it works if I just talk to a camera for 10 seconds without a cut like a lot of people will just like get bored or they lose interest that's right Mr BEAST's cutting me but bro I only have one camera no problem you can still keep things Dynamic by zooming in and out between Clips it's a simple trick that even big YouTubers like Aman godi use the second technique he uses is adding a Side Story and here's why yeah I mean it's very hard with a single storyline if you're doing like a double digit minute video to just have that one thing grip their entire attention throughout the whole video and pay off at the end um so typically if you're doing a longer video you should introduce like a Side Story and like re you should have some plan halfway through like to re-engage them so they don't just get bored and here it is in action I'm going to attempt to spend the next 7 Days in solitary confinement seal me up bye Jimmy this is the main concept of the video here's the Side Story he adds they sent an empty train he's about to freak out I don't feel it all this is what he gets I bet every dollar in my bank account Carl just showed up no way you hungry Jimmy okay now Side Stories might not fit perfectly with the kind of videos you make but there's an alternative for example I'm using these Mr Beast clips and this guy oh hi bro as variety this would also work on talking head video find a way to mix in something outside your main concept get creative my dude the next technique is used by both Mr Beast and Isaac and I think it's one of the most important ones that very few creators talk about balancing high energy and low energy moments for example in Mr BEAST's $1 versus $50,000 experience video he starts with super high energy hyping up what viewers can expect then he moves through the first two experiences followed by a low energy Moment Like exploring a jungle and then jumps to the high energy zero gravity experience here's Isaac doing something similar he starts with high energy sharing how he has a 20 million plus YouTube shorts Channel but recently hasn't been getting views and now he's on a mission to hit 1 million views again then this happens what day is it it's August 7 2023 we need to find Isaac notice how the background music slowed down the talking Pace shifted Isaac mostly achieves this shift with his background music using loud energetic tracks for high energy moments and softer quier music for the low energy Parts Mr Beast on the other hand takes a slightly different approach for high energy moments he pairs loud background music with exciting challenges or experiences often speaking loudly to match the intensity for low energy moments usually explaining things speaking in a normal tone with quieter music in the background in simple words don't keep the same energy level throughout the whole video avoid having all high energy at the start or all low energy at the end instead mix it up start with high energy then switch to low and go back up again like a roller coaster this will keep your retention line as flat as possible until the very end but see that drop right there that's the second place most creators lose viewers don't worry I'm about to show you how to stop that from happening endings must deliver a big payoff whether it's funny wholesome or dramatic and they should always end on a high note leaving viewers satisfied and glad they stayed till the end take Mr BEAST's one to $500,000 experience video he ends it with a big payoff standing on the Burge kifa and delivering a powerful speech about stepping outside your comfort zone and the background music perfectly matches the vibe making the moment feel huge I mean tell me you're not satisfied you don't need to stand on the bur Khalifa like Mr Beast to deliver a big payoff but any on a high note that's non-negotiable now let's see how Isaac wraps up his teaching in tutorial Style video so did it get 1 million views no it didn't because it got 2 million after all that research scripting and editing the formula actually worked notice how he actually applied the same formula and got millions of views I mean what's a better ending than showing proof that his formula works okay let's watch the rest of the ending however the last short I published was 1 month ago views are going down again the channel is losing traction need to break this cycle but I guess this time I'm not alone so let's do it one last time Isaac ends his video with a wholesome moment admitting his recent videos haven't been performing well a perfect call back to how he started but my recent shorts aren't really doing work most of them stuck after getting that first a few thousand views again and again and again I need to break this cycle Benny says I need to break this cycle but I guess this time I'm not alone so let's do it one last time since his shorts channel is about Marvel he ties it to the iconic Avengers endgame scene where every hero unites to fight Thanos and that wholesome music it adds the perfect emotional punch so in simple words you want to end your video on a high note for entertainment videos deliver a big pay off something funny wholesome or dramatic that leaves viewers satisfied we're teaching in tutorial Style videos wrap up with proof that your method works or a call to action that inspires viewers to take the next step all right here's one last tip after your video is done show it to your friend watch for moments when they lose interest check their phone or stop paying attention then go back and cut those parts out and that's how you keep viewers locked in and your retention Sky High and that's a wrap but here's the twist

  Top Comments:
  1. @Harry-jt4lf [2 likes]: This was interesting

- Performance Analysis Introduction | Sports Science Guide for Practice: Kind: captions Language: en performance analysis is a tool to help coaches and players reflect on performance it gives us a more complete picture of what actually happened in a game nobody can take in what happens in a game or a training session um you know whether that's a coach or a player so um performance analysis is like a systematic and objective way to capture all that information and help you get more information and by putting information together for example if you watch videos of all your shops maybe over three to four games you get to start to see the patterns of who's shooting where are they shooting who's not shooting and to understand what are where are the areas that we are doing well and where are the areas that we need to work on the other small side of performance analysis as it's been used in in Gala games at the moment is a lot of teams are making time to reflect together whether that's maybe on a few statistics or it's about a video and it's in that time of reflecting together the people start to get those light bulb moments where you watch a video and the coach will use that magic question why did that work you know with some of the best analysts in the country on that supporter Steering group um but to go and sit at the table with all the other disciplines and try and understand their perspective and to pull together a document where each of the different elements become embedded and the coaches can now look and say well if I'm the coach for the under-14s this is what I need to do for psychology this is what I need to do for his strength and condition and this is what I need to do for analysis that coaches can now get to see that integrated picture you have the preparation for a game you have your in-game support and you have post game support but performance analysis can also be really valuable around helping kids understand the game you know and so it can be really valuable for an underage coach to go and suggest you know watch the clip of Ryan O'Toole score in the goal of the weekend why did that work and you can really help kids understand the game better so the game understanding is really important and the other one would be um to help us understand our training and what is going well and what's not going well I think analysis can be really valuable in that light because our time with our players is so precious and so limited that we have to get the optimum use of time there

- But what is the Fourier Transform?  A visual introduction.: Kind: captions Language: en This right here is what we're going to build to this video, a certain animated approach to thinking about a super important idea from math, the Fourier transform. For anyone unfamiliar with what that is, my number one goal here is just for the video to be an introduction to that topic. But even for those of you who are already familiar with it, I still think that there's something fun and enriching about seeing what all of its components actually look like. The central example to start is going to be the classic one, decomposing frequencies from sound. But after that I also want to show a glimpse of how this idea extends well beyond sound and frequency into many seemingly disparate areas of math, and even physics. Really, it's crazy just how ubiquitous this idea is. Let's dive in. This sound right here is a pure A, 440 beats per second, meaning if you were to measure the air pressure right next to your headphones or your speaker as a function of time, it would oscillate up and down around its usual equilibrium in this wave, making 440 oscillations each second. A lower pitch note, like a D, has the same structure, just fewer beats per second. And when both of them are played at once, what do you think the resulting pressure vs. time graph looks like? Well, at any point in time, this pressure difference is going to be the sum of what it would be for each of those notes individually, which let's face it is kind of a complicated thing to think about. At some points the peaks match up with each other, resulting in a really high pressure. At other points they tend to cancel out. And all in all, what you get is a wave-ish pressure vs. time graph that is not a pure sine wave, it's something more complicated. And as you add in other notes, the wave gets more and more complicated. But right now, all it is is a combination of four pure frequencies, so it seems needlessly complicated given the low amount of information put into it. A microphone recording any sound just picks up on the air pressure at many different points in time, it only sees the final sum. So our central question is going to be how you can take a signal like this and decompose it into the pure frequencies that make it up. Pretty interesting, right? Adding up those signals really mixes them all together, so pulling them back apart feels akin to unmixing multiple paint colors that have all been stirred up together. The general strategy is going to be to build for ourselves a mathematical machine that treats signals with a given frequency differently from how it treats other signals. To start, consider simply taking a pure signal, say with a lowly 3 beats per second, so we can plot it easily. And let's limit ourselves to looking at a finite portion of this graph, in this case the portion between 0 seconds and 4.5 seconds. The key idea is going to be to take this graph and sort of wrap it up around a circle. Concretely, here's what I mean by that. Imagine a little rotating vector where at each point in time its length is equal to the height of our graph for that time. So high points of the graph correspond to a greater distance from the origin, and low points end up closer to the origin. And right now I'm drawing it in such a way that moving forward 2 seconds in time corresponds to a single rotation around the circle. Our little vector drawing this wound up graph is rotating at half a cycle per second. So this is important, there are two different frequencies at play here. There's the frequency of our signal, which goes up and down 3 times per second, and then separately there's the frequency with which we're wrapping the graph around the circle, which at the moment is half of a rotation per second. But we can adjust that second frequency however we want. Maybe we want to wrap it around faster? Or maybe we go and wrap it around slower? And that choice of winding frequency determines what the wound up graph looks like. Some of the diagrams that come out of this can be pretty complicated, although they are very pretty, but it's important to keep in mind that all that's happening here is that we're wrapping the signal around a circle. The vertical lines that I'm drawing up top, by the way, are just a way to keep track of the distance on the original graph that corresponds to a full rotation around the circle. So lines spaced out by 1.5 seconds would mean it takes 1.5 seconds to make one full revolution. And at this point we might have some sort of vague sense that something special will happen when the winding frequency matches the frequency of our signal, 3 beats per second. All of the high points on the graph happen on the right side of the circle, and all of the low points happen on the left. But how precisely can we take advantage of that in our attempt to build a frequency unmixing machine? Well, imagine this graph is having some kind of mass to it, like a metal wire. This little dot is going to represent the center of mass of that wire. As we change the frequency and the graph winds up differently, that center of mass kind of wobbles around a bit. And for most of the winding frequencies, the peaks and valleys are all spaced out around the circle in such a way that the center of mass stays pretty close to the origin. But when the winding frequency is the same as the frequency of our signal, in this case 3 cycles per second, all of the peaks are on the right, and all of the valleys are on the left, so the center of mass is unusually far to the right. Here, to capture this, let's draw some kind of plot that keeps track of where that center of mass is for each winding frequency. Of course, the center of mass is a two-dimensional thing, it requires two coordinates to fully keep track of, but for the moment, let's only keep track of the x-coordinate. So for a frequency of zero, when everything is bunched up on the right, this x-coordinate is relatively high. And then as you increase that winding frequency, and the graph balances out around the circle, the x-coordinate of that center of mass goes closer to zero, and it just kind of wobbles around a bit. But then, at 3 beats per second, there's a spike, as everything lines up to the right. This right here is the central construct, so let's sum up what we have so far. We have that original intensity vs time graph, and then we have the wound up version of that in some two-dimensional plane, and then as a third thing, we have a plot for how the winding frequency influences the center of mass of that graph. And by the way, let's look back at those really low frequencies near zero. This big spike around zero in our new frequency plot just corresponds to the fact that the whole cosine wave is shifted up. If I had chosen a signal that oscillates around zero, dipping into negative values, then as we play around with various winding frequencies, this plot of the winding frequency vs center of mass would only have a spike at the value of 3. But negative values are a little bit weird and messy to think about, especially for a first example, so let's just continue thinking in terms of the shifted up graph. I just want you to understand that that spike around zero only corresponds to the shift. Our main focus, as far as frequency decomposition is concerned, is that bump at 3. This whole plot is what I'll call the almost Fourier transform of the original signal. There's a couple small distinctions between this and the actual Fourier transform, which I'll get to in a couple minutes, but already you might be able to see how this machine lets us pick out the frequency of a signal. Just to play around with it a little bit more, take a different Fourier signal, let's say with a lower frequency of 2 beats per second, and do the same thing. Wind it around a circle, imagine different potential winding frequencies, and as you do that keep track of where the center of mass of that graph is, and then plot the x coordinate of that center of mass as you adjust the winding frequency. Just like before, we get a spike when the winding frequency is the same as the signal frequency, which in this case is when it equals 2 cycles per second. But the real key point, the thing that makes this machine so delightful, is how it enables us to take a signal consisting of multiple frequencies and pick out what they are. Imagine taking the two signals we just looked at, the wave with 3 beats per second and the wave with 2 beats per second, and add them up. Like I said earlier, what you get is no longer a nice pure cosine wave, it's something a little more complicated. But imagine throwing this into our winding frequency machine. It is certainly the case that as you wrap this thing around it looks a lot more complicated, you have this chaos and chaos and chaos and chaos, and then whoop, things seem to line up really nicely at 2 cycles per second. Then as you continue on it's more chaos and more chaos and more chaos and chaos and chaos and chaos, whoop, things nicely align again at 3 cycles per second. And like I said before, the wound up graph can look kind of busy and complicated, but all it is is the relatively simple idea of wrapping the graph around a circle. It's just a more complicated graph and a pretty quick winding frequency. Now what's going on here with the two different spikes is that if you were to take two signals and then apply this almost Fourier transform to each of them individually, and then add up the results, what you get is the same as if you first added up the signals and then applied this almost Fourier transform. And the attentive viewers among you might want to pause and ponder and convince yourself that what I just said is actually true. It's a pretty good test to verify for yourself that it's clear what exactly is being measured inside this winding machine. Now this property makes things really useful to us, because the transform of a pure frequency is close to zero everywhere except for a spike around that frequency, so when you add together two pure frequencies, the transform graph just has these little peaks above the frequencies that went into it. So this little mathematical machine does exactly what we wanted. It pulls out the original frequencies from their jumbled up sums, unmixing the mixed bucket of paint. And before continuing into the full math that describes this operation, let's just get a quick glimpse of one context where this thing is useful, sound editing. Let's say that you have some recording and it's got an annoying high pitch that you would like to filter out. Well at first your signal is coming in as a function of various intensities over time, different voltages given to your speaker from one millisecond to the next. But we want to think of this in terms of frequencies. So when you take the Fourier transform of that signal, the annoying high pitch is going to show up just as a spike at some high frequency. Filtering that out by just smushing the spike down, what you'd be looking at is the Fourier transform of a sound that's just like your recording, only without that high frequency. Luckily there's a notion of an inverse Fourier transform that tells you which signal would have produced this as its Fourier transform. I'll be talking about that inverse much more fully in the next video, but long story short, applying the Fourier transform to the Fourier transform gives you back something close to the original function. Kind of, this is a little bit of a lie, but it's in the direction of truth. And most of the reason it's a lie is that I still have yet to tell you what the actual Fourier transform is, since it's a little more complex than this x-coordinate of the center of mass idea. First off, bringing back this wound up graph and looking at its center of mass, the x-coordinate is really only half the story, right? I mean, this thing is in two dimensions, it's got a y-coordinate as well. And as is typical in math, whenever you're dealing with something two-dimensional, it's elegant to think of it as the complex plane, where this center of mass is going to be a complex number that has both a real and an imaginary part. And the reason for talking in terms of complex numbers, rather than just saying it has two coordinates, is that complex numbers lend themselves to really nice descriptions of things that have to do with winding and rotation. For example, Euler's formula famously tells us that if you take e to some number times i, you're going to land on the point that you get if you were to walk that number of units around a circle with radius 1 counterclockwise starting on the right. So imagine you wanted to describe rotating at a rate of 1 cycle per second. One thing you could do is take the expression e to the 2 pi times i times t, where t is the amount of time that has passed, since for a circle with radius 1, 2 pi describes the full length of its circumference. And this is a little dizzying to look at, so maybe you want to describe a different frequency, something lower and more reasonable, and for that you would just multiply that time t in the exponent by the frequency f. For example, if f was 1 tenth, then this vector makes one full turn every 10 seconds, since the time t has to increase all the way to 10 before the full exponent looks like 2 pi i. I have another video giving some intuition on why this is the behavior of e to the x for imaginary inputs, if you're curious, but for right now we're just going to take it as a given. Now why am I telling you this, you might ask? Well it gives us a really nice way to write down the idea of winding up the graph into a single tight little formula. First off, the convention in the context of Fourier transforms is to think about rotating in the clockwise direction, so let's throw a negative sign up into that exponent. Now take some function describing a signal intensity versus time, like this pure cosine wave we had before, and call it g of t. If you multiply this exponential expression times g of t, it means that the rotating complex number is getting scaled up and down according to the value of this function. So you can think of this little rotating vector with its changing length as drawing the wound up graph. So think about it, this is awesome, this really small expression is a super elegant way to encapsulate the whole idea of winding a graph around a circle with a variable frequency, f. And remember, the thing we want to do with this wound up graph is to track its center of mass, so think about what formula is going to capture that. Well, to approximate it at least, you might sample a whole bunch of times from the original signal, see where those points end up on the wound up graph, and then just take an average, that is, add them all together as complex numbers, and then divide by the number of points you've sampled. This will become more accurate if you sample more points which are closer together. And in the limit, rather than looking at the sum of a whole bunch of points divided by the number of points, you take an integral of this function divided by the size of the time interval we're looking at. The idea of integrating a complex valued function might seem weird, and to anyone who's shaky with calculus maybe even intimidating, but the underlying meaning here really doesn't require any calculus knowledge. The whole expression is just the center of mass of the wound up graph. So great, step by step, we have built up this kind of complicated but let's face it, surprisingly small expression for the whole winding machine idea I talked about, and now there is only one final distinction to point out between this and the actual honest-to-goodness Fourier transform, namely, just don't divide out by the time interval. The Fourier transform is just the integral part of this. What that means is that instead of looking at the center of mass, you would scale it up by some amount. If the portion of the original graph you were using spanned 3 seconds, you would multiply the center of mass by 3. If it was spanning 6 seconds, you would multiply the center of mass by 6. Physically, this has the effect that when a certain frequency persists for a long time, then the magnitude of the Fourier transform at that frequency is scaled up more and more. For example, what we're looking at here is how when you have a pure frequency of 2 beats per second and you wind it around the graph at 2 cycles per second, the center of mass stays in the same spot, just tracing out the same shape. But the longer that signal persists, the larger the value of the Fourier transform at that frequency. For other frequencies, even if you just increase it by a bit, this is cancelled out by the fact that for longer time intervals, you're giving the wound-up graph more of a chance to balance itself around the circle. That is a lot of different moving parts, so let's step back and summarize what we have so far. The Fourier transform of an intensity vs. time function, like g of t, is a new function, which doesn't have time as an input, but instead takes in a frequency, what I've been calling the winding frequency. In terms of notation, by the way, the common convention is to call this new function g-hat with a little circumflex on top of it. The output of this function is a complex number, some point in the 2d plane that corresponds to the strength of a given frequency in the original signal. The plot I've been graphing for the Fourier transform is just the real component of that output, the x-coordinate, but you could also graph the imaginary component separately if you wanted a fuller description. And all of this is encapsulated inside that formula we built up. And out of context, you can imagine how seeing this formula would seem sort of daunting, but if you understand how exponentials correspond to rotation, how multiplying that by the function g of t means drawing a wound up version of the graph, and how an integral of a complex valued function can be interpreted in terms of a center of mass idea, you can see how this whole thing carries with it a very rich intuitive meaning. And by the way, one quick small note before we can call this wrapped up. Even though in practice, with things like sound editing, you'll be integrating over a finite time interval, the theory of Fourier transforms is often phrased where the bounds of this integral are negative infinity and infinity. Concretely, what that means is that you consider this expression for all possible finite time intervals, and you just ask, what is its limit as that time interval grows to infinity? And man oh man, there is so much more to say. So much, I don't want to call it done here. This transform extends to corners of math well beyond the idea of extracting frequencies from signal. So the next video I put out is going to go through a couple of these, and that's really where things start getting interesting. So stay subscribed for when that comes out, or an alternate option is to just binge on a couple 3Blue and Brown videos so that the YouTube recommender is more inclined to show you new things that come out. Really the choice is yours. Thank you.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Arsenniy [1 likes]: wow
  2. @the_derpler [1 likes]: Great video.  I graduated with a degree in EE 10+ years ago, and wanted a refresher!
  3. @alextrigoso: Agradecido con el doblaje.
  4. @magacaygamaxamuud7253: After long thinking about that avg which ends up spike .   17:34 curve captured my attention 😂
  5. @PHOO_PWINTTHU: 😢
  6. @Aayra-yk8pl: going into my first year of uni for electrical engineering
  7. @LaxmiDevi-j2k1e: Thank you for the great content!
  8. @clementflrt: Étudiant en Licence 3 de Physique-Chimie, la vidéo est excessivement bonne pour se representer un outil plutôt complexe en premier lieu! merci beaucoup!
  9. @isaaccarter6292: its all just 4f correlators
  10. @uploadso-q8l: 🥳
  11. @janplechaty1702: Sick
  12. @Tonyjabbour_: جامعتي سر سعادتي😂😂😂
  13. @ahlbf7: It is impressive that each day I discover more how dumb I am
  14. @RobertCox-d9g: В запросе ввел топ моделей, а по факту ролик просто реклама совершенно разных пылесосов, некоторые из них даже не близки к топовым моделям.
  15. @MichaelAlexander1967: This is my first introduction to the “winding machine”, and it’s taking me a while to grasp it, so I’ll have to watch this video a few more times, because the winding is a little too fast or too much winding for me; however I do easily grasp the adding the multiple signals to create the composite signal.   What level of math does this require?  Is it Algebra 2 Trigonometry or some other math class?  Thanks for your detailed explanation!   BTW, I would love to get to that “rich intuitive meaning” 🙏🏽✌🏽❤️
  16. @YASHMiTJEWLIA: or u can juat go back to origin where the final result came from its like integrating some derivation far from the result insted of differentiating😅
  17. @YASHMiTJEWLIA: if u have final resut then you say how it would have been formed then like another final result😅
  18. @deannaclayton-d5h: Thank you for this video, very enlightening!
  19. @MustaphaAliyu-r5c: Really appreciate the insights in this video.
  20. @mikeraphone7868: 10:08 pp

- A Beginners Guide To The Data Analysis Process: Kind: captions Language: en Hi my name is Will and i'm going to give&nbsp;&nbsp; you a step-by-step guide to the&nbsp; data analysis process, let's go! in this video we're going to go through the five&nbsp; key stages of the data analysis process we're&nbsp;&nbsp; going to give you an overview and an introduction&nbsp; to each of these stages as well as looking at some&nbsp;&nbsp; of the tools you'll use to undertake these stages&nbsp; so let's dive into step one defining the question&nbsp;&nbsp; the first step in your data analysis process&nbsp; or any data analysis process is to define your&nbsp;&nbsp; objective in data analytics terms this is called&nbsp; the problem statement defining your objective&nbsp;&nbsp; means coming up with a hypothesis and figuring&nbsp; out how exactly to test it you can start by asking&nbsp;&nbsp; what business problem am i trying to solve now i&nbsp; know this might sound straightforward but it can&nbsp;&nbsp; actually be trickier than it seems for instance&nbsp; your organization's senior management might pose a&nbsp;&nbsp; question such as why are we losing customers it's&nbsp; possible though that this doesn't get to the core&nbsp;&nbsp; of the problem a data analyst job is to understand&nbsp; the business and the business's goals as a data&nbsp;&nbsp; analyst you need to understand this in enough&nbsp; depth that they can frame the problem the right&nbsp;&nbsp; way to give you a practical example let's say you&nbsp; work for a fictional company for example we'll&nbsp;&nbsp; call it top notch learning this fictional company&nbsp; top notch creates custom training software for its&nbsp;&nbsp; clients in this example top notch is excellent&nbsp; at securing new clients but unfortunately top&nbsp;&nbsp; notch has much lower repeat business as such as a&nbsp; data analyst your question might not be why are we&nbsp;&nbsp; losing customers but which factors are negatively&nbsp; impacting the customer experience or even better&nbsp;&nbsp; yet how can we boost customer retention whilst&nbsp; minimizing costs now you've identified the problem&nbsp;&nbsp; you need to find which data is going to help&nbsp; you solve this issue this is where your business&nbsp;&nbsp; acronym comes in again for instance perhaps&nbsp; you've noticed that the sales pipeline for new&nbsp;&nbsp; customers is very slick but the production team&nbsp; is extremely inefficient knowing this you could&nbsp;&nbsp; hypothesize the sales process actually wins a lot&nbsp; of new clients but the customer experience well&nbsp;&nbsp; it's kind of lacking could this be the reason that&nbsp; customers aren't coming back what sources of data&nbsp;&nbsp; will help you answer this question as a data&nbsp; analyst considering all these things will help&nbsp;&nbsp; you define the question and help you solve the&nbsp; problem at hand there's also a number of tools&nbsp;&nbsp; that can help you define your objective defining&nbsp; your objective is mostly about soft skills so&nbsp;&nbsp; business knowledge and lateral thinking but you'll&nbsp; also need to consider business metrics and key&nbsp;&nbsp; performance indicators and these are called KPIs&nbsp; monthly reports can help you track problem points&nbsp;&nbsp; in the business there are lots of tools out there&nbsp; on the market that can analyze this business data&nbsp;&nbsp; tools like Databox and DashaRoo there's also free&nbsp; open source software like Grafana freeboard and&nbsp;&nbsp; Dashbuilder these are fantastic for producing&nbsp; simple dashboards both at the beginning and at&nbsp;&nbsp; the end of the data analysis process so that was&nbsp; step one defining the objective onto step two step&nbsp;&nbsp; two collecting the data once you've established&nbsp; your objective you'll need to create a strategy&nbsp;&nbsp; for collecting and aggregating the appropriate&nbsp; data a key part of this is determining which&nbsp;&nbsp; data you need this might be quantitative data or&nbsp; numeric data eg sales figures or monthly reports&nbsp;&nbsp; or qualitative descriptive data such as customer&nbsp; reviews all of this data fits into one of three&nbsp;&nbsp; categories first party second party and third&nbsp; party data let's explore each one briefly now&nbsp;&nbsp; what is first party data first party data is data&nbsp; that you or your company has directly collected&nbsp;&nbsp; from customers it might for example come in the&nbsp; form of transactional tracking data or information&nbsp;&nbsp; from your customer relationship management&nbsp; system your CRM system whatever it source&nbsp;&nbsp; first party data is usually collected in a clear&nbsp; and structured way other sources of first party&nbsp;&nbsp; data might include customer satisfaction surveys&nbsp; focus groups interviews or direct observation&nbsp;&nbsp; let's talk about second party data to enrich your&nbsp; analysis you might want to secure a secondary data&nbsp;&nbsp; source second party data is simply the first&nbsp; party data of other organizations this might&nbsp;&nbsp; be available directly from the company or from&nbsp; private marketplace the main benefit of second&nbsp;&nbsp; party data is that it's usually structured&nbsp; and although it's less relevant than first&nbsp;&nbsp; party data it tends to be reliable examples of&nbsp; second party data include website app or social&nbsp;&nbsp; media activity like online purchase history or&nbsp; shipping data so lastly what is third-party data&nbsp;&nbsp; third-party data is data that has been collected&nbsp; and aggregated from numerous sources from a third&nbsp;&nbsp; party often but not always third-party data&nbsp; contains a lot of unstructured data or big data&nbsp;&nbsp; many organizations collect this big data to create&nbsp; industry reports or to conduct market research the&nbsp;&nbsp; research and advisory firm Gartner is a good real&nbsp; world example of an organization that collects big&nbsp;&nbsp; data and then sells it on to other companies open&nbsp; data repositories and government portals are also&nbsp;&nbsp; sources of third third-party data let's take&nbsp; a moment to look at some of the tools that you&nbsp;&nbsp; can use to collect data once you've devised this&nbsp; data strategy ie you've identified what data you&nbsp;&nbsp; need and how best to go about collecting it there&nbsp; are many tools that you can use to help you one&nbsp;&nbsp; thing you'll need regardless of industry or area&nbsp; of expertise is a data management platform or DMP&nbsp;&nbsp; a DMP is a piece of software which allows you to&nbsp; identify and aggregate data from numerous sources&nbsp;&nbsp; before they're manipulating them segmenting them&nbsp; and so on there are many DMPs available some&nbsp;&nbsp; well-known enterprise DMPs include salesforce DMP,&nbsp; SAAS and the data integration platform Xplenty if&nbsp;&nbsp; you want to play around you can also try some open&nbsp; source platforms like Pymcore or Dswarm on to step&nbsp;&nbsp; three cleaning the data once you've collected your&nbsp; data the next step is to get it ready for analysis&nbsp;&nbsp; this means cleaning or scrubbing it and this is&nbsp; crucial to make sure that you're working with&nbsp;&nbsp; high quality data key data cleaning tasks include&nbsp; removing major errors duplicates or outliers all&nbsp;&nbsp; of which are problems when you aggregate data&nbsp; from numerous sources removing unwanted data&nbsp;&nbsp; points so extracting irrelevant observations that&nbsp; have no bearing on your intended analysis bringing&nbsp;&nbsp; structure to your data or general housekeeping&nbsp; so for example fixing typos or layout issues&nbsp;&nbsp; which will help you map or manipulate your data&nbsp; more easily and finally it helps filling in major&nbsp;&nbsp; gaps as you're tidying up you might notice that&nbsp; important data is missing once you've identified&nbsp;&nbsp; these gaps you can go about filling them a good&nbsp; data analyst will spend about 70 to 90 of their&nbsp;&nbsp; time cleaning data this might sound excessive but&nbsp; focusing on the wrong data or analyzing error in&nbsp;&nbsp; this data will severely impact your results it&nbsp; might even send you back to square one so whatever&nbsp;&nbsp; you do don't rush this step let's have a look&nbsp; at some of the tools that you can use to clean&nbsp;&nbsp; your data cleaning data manually especially large&nbsp; data sets can be incredibly daunting but luckily&nbsp;&nbsp; there are many tools available to streamline this&nbsp; process open source tools such as open refine are&nbsp;&nbsp; excellent for basic data cleaning as well as high&nbsp; level exploration however free tools offer limited&nbsp;&nbsp; functionality for very large data sets now i know&nbsp; this sounds like a data zoo but python libraries&nbsp;&nbsp; such as pandas and some r packages are better&nbsp; suited to heavy data scrubbing you will of course&nbsp;&nbsp; need to be savvy with languages alternatively&nbsp; enterprise tools are also available for example&nbsp;&nbsp; data ladder which is one of the highest rated data&nbsp; matching tools in the industry there are many more&nbsp;&nbsp; why don't you see which data cleaning tools you&nbsp; can find online share your free tools in the&nbsp;&nbsp; comments below so that was step three cleaning&nbsp; the data on to step four analyzing that data&nbsp;&nbsp; finally once you've cleaned your data now comes&nbsp; the fun bit analyzing it the type of data analysis&nbsp;&nbsp; you conduct largely depends on what your goal is&nbsp; but there are many techniques available univariate&nbsp;&nbsp; or bivariate analysis time series analysis and&nbsp; regression analysis are just a few you might&nbsp;&nbsp; have heard of more important than the different&nbsp; types though is how you apply them this depends&nbsp;&nbsp; on what types of insights you're hoping to gain&nbsp; broadly speaking all types of data analysis fit&nbsp;&nbsp; into the four following categories descriptive&nbsp; analysis which is analysis which identifies what&nbsp;&nbsp; has already happened this is a common first step&nbsp; that companies do before proceeding with deeper&nbsp;&nbsp; explorations diagnostic analysis where the focus&nbsp; is on understanding why something has happened&nbsp;&nbsp; it is literally the diagnosis of a problem just&nbsp; as a doctor uses the symptoms to diagnose the&nbsp;&nbsp; patient's disease predictive analysis which is&nbsp; where you identify future trends by the analysis&nbsp;&nbsp; of historical data predictive analysis is commonly&nbsp; used by businesses to forecast future growth and&nbsp;&nbsp; lastly prescriptive analysis which allows&nbsp; you to make recommendations for the future&nbsp;&nbsp; this is the final step in the analytics part&nbsp; of the process but it's also the most complex&nbsp;&nbsp; this is because it incorporates aspects of all&nbsp; the other analyses that we've described today&nbsp;&nbsp; step 5 sharing your results you've finished&nbsp; carrying out your analyses you have your insights&nbsp;&nbsp; the final step of a data analysis process is to&nbsp; share these insights with the wider world or at&nbsp;&nbsp; least with your organization's stakeholders this&nbsp; is actually more complex than just sharing the raw&nbsp;&nbsp; results of your work it involves interpreting the&nbsp; outcomes and presenting them in a manner which is&nbsp;&nbsp; digestible to everybody that's in the room since&nbsp; you'll also present your work to decision makers&nbsp;&nbsp; it's very important that the insights that you&nbsp; share are 100 clear and also unambiguous for&nbsp;&nbsp; this reason data analysts usually use reports&nbsp; dashboards and interactive visualizations to&nbsp;&nbsp; support their findings how you interpret and&nbsp; present results will often influence the direction&nbsp;&nbsp; of the business depending on what you share&nbsp; your organization might decide to restructure to&nbsp;&nbsp; launch a new product or close an entire division&nbsp; that's why it's very important to present all the&nbsp;&nbsp; evidence that you gathered and not to cherry-pick&nbsp; data ensuring that you cover everything in a clear&nbsp;&nbsp; and concise way will prove that your conclusions&nbsp; are scientifically sound and based on facts on the&nbsp;&nbsp; flip side it's important to highlight any gaps&nbsp; in the data or to flag any insights that might&nbsp;&nbsp; be open to interpretation remember that honest&nbsp; communication is an important part of the process&nbsp;&nbsp; it will help the business but it will also help&nbsp; you to excel at your job there's a ton of tools&nbsp;&nbsp; for interpreting and sharing your findings these&nbsp; tools are suited to different experience levels&nbsp;&nbsp; but popular tools that require no coding skills&nbsp; include Google Charts, Tableau, Datawrapper and&nbsp;&nbsp; Infogram if you're familiar with python and&nbsp; r there are also many data visualization&nbsp;&nbsp; libraries and packages available for instance&nbsp; check out the Python libraries Plotty, Seaborn&nbsp;&nbsp; and Matplotlib whichever data visualization&nbsp; tools you use make sure that you polish up your&nbsp;&nbsp; presentation skills too visualization is great&nbsp; but communication is key so hopefully now you&nbsp;&nbsp; have a better idea of the data analysis process&nbsp; CareerFoundry have an awesome data analytics short&nbsp;&nbsp; course and you can sign up for free by the link in&nbsp; the description thanks for joining us today i hope&nbsp;&nbsp; this video has been helpful here's another video&nbsp; i made about data analytics which is just for you

  Top Comments:
  1. @careerfoundry [41 likes]: Want more Data Analytics content? Subscribe to our channel: https://www.youtube.com/user/careerfoundry?sub_confirmation=1
.
Let us know which area of the data analysis process you’d like a deeper dive on! If you’re interested in getting started in data analytics, CareerFoundry has a free short course to get you started. Sign up here: https://bit.ly/GetStartedInDataAnalytics
  2. @luisarroyo8111 [1 likes]: Great video, thank you!

May I just add a very strong recommendation.

The question problem must be linked to a corporate goal. This is what it would make relevant to have a data analyst in your organisation, when AI is fastly developing.

Corporate goals provide you a corporate direction back-up while building a "disconnected" project is basically following the instructions of  a CEO or a manager (only) who or may (or may not) interested in finding a primary cause/ primary solution.
  3. @ktmidol [1 likes]: Sounds something like I learnt in research.
  4. @eire3073: Do you think at 43 I could start a career as a data analyst? I’ve no previous knowledge or experience. I’m in the uk
  5. @michaelgarsea5460: well i am going to take a data and analysis exam in one hour. This was intrinsic to say at the least!
  6. @k311ydcart3r: Maybe since this video was made PimCore changed: it is not open-source but commercial and very expensive.
  7. @AkivaSkaist: How do you do a whole video on data analysis and not mention power bi?
  8. @EdwardLokari: I believe you deserve more than just thank you ❤
  9. @HazelMaeDaza-w1q: I'm a IT graduate but all i learned before i feel it was disappear😢
  10. @NAHINASAJIB-z9e: My mind is racing, this is incredible!
  11. @TheDot.0nly: Exactly as I need as I was hired as data analysis without experience 😂 im undergraduate in computer science and just try my luck to apply for it🤣😜✌️
  12. @nepal9211: Starting this journey properly in January 2026. I’m coming from a very different background than most “how to become a data analyst” stories. I spent 16 years working in a 5-star hotel across multiple roles — conference & banqueting, housekeeping as a room attendant, front desk on both morning and night teams, and regularly helping in other departments like room service, bar, and restaurant just to understand how the whole operation worked.

Eventually, I became a Night Manager for the last 2.5 years. Those years taught me discipline, accountability, decision-making under pressure, and how systems really behave at 2–4 a.m. when things go wrong and there’s no one else to escalate to. Looking back, I realise I’ve been dealing with data, processes, and patterns for years — just not in a technical or formal way.

I’m also a BSc Computer Science dropout, which I used to see as failure. Life happened, priorities changed, and I stepped away from tech far longer than I ever intended. Recently, I made the decision to leave full-time management and work through agency roles instead, so I could control my hours and finally invest serious time into rebuilding my technical skills.

I’ve restarted both the Google Data Analytics and IBM Data Analytics courses on Coursera and I’m supplementing them with YouTube learning. I’m leaving this comment as a marker — a small public commitment to consistency, patience, and learning properly this time. If you’re starting late, restarting, or coming from a completely different career, you’re not alone. Slow progress is still progress.
  13. @JackieHanyura: I would like to study data analysis
  14. @GotuSonawane-m5h: I learned so much I need to lie down and recover.
  15. @srujayvarma4296: Tq u my brother
  16. @AnnieIri8552: Hmmm thank You Jesus Christ for this word.
  17. @journeyto100channel2: Ask → What is the objective?
	•	Prepare → Do we have the resources and intel?
	•	Process → Clean, reliable inputs (no bad data = no bad intel)
	•	Analyze → What does reality actually say?
	•	Share → Communicate clearly to decision-makers
	•	Act → Execute and adjust
  18. @SolomonAshedzi: Thank you very much I am new
  19. @apamwamba: power bi and excel also
  20. @mondocjenson-dy8zd: 👍 😊 K.I.S.S.

- What Is Data Analytics? - An Introduction (Full Guide): Kind: captions Language: en Data Analytics everyone's talking about it but&nbsp; what exactly is it perhaps you've heard that Data&nbsp;&nbsp; Analytics is the next big thing for business&nbsp; and want to find more about what the field&nbsp;&nbsp; involves by the end of this video you should have&nbsp; a better understanding of what data analytics is&nbsp;&nbsp; and you'll have a better understanding&nbsp; of what you'll be doing in the role in this video we're going to cover five key points&nbsp; to give you a better understanding of what it is&nbsp;&nbsp; to be a Data Analyst and how do you start working&nbsp; in this field as you're watching the video if&nbsp;&nbsp; you've got any questions about the topics that we&nbsp; cover just drop them in the comments below before&nbsp;&nbsp; we dive in if you're enjoying the video content&nbsp; please give us a like and subscribe to get more&nbsp;&nbsp; weekly videos like this so let's dive into step&nbsp; number one perhaps you're thinking about becoming&nbsp;&nbsp; a data analyst and want to know exactly what a&nbsp; career in the field involves most companies are&nbsp;&nbsp; collecting loads of data all the time but in its&nbsp; raw form this data doesn't actually mean anything&nbsp;&nbsp; this is where data analytics comes in data&nbsp; analytics is the process of analyzing raw data&nbsp;&nbsp; so that we can pull out insights which are useful&nbsp; to companies these insights are super important to&nbsp;&nbsp; drive smart business decisions what a data analyst&nbsp; does is they take all this complex jigsaw of data&nbsp;&nbsp; they take it out and they make it into&nbsp; something which you can really use&nbsp;&nbsp; having interpreted the data the data analyst can&nbsp; then pass these insights on so that the company&nbsp;&nbsp; can then make the most informed decisions&nbsp; so you can think of data analytics as a&nbsp;&nbsp; kind of business intelligence used to solve&nbsp; problems and challenges that every company has&nbsp;&nbsp; it's all about finding patterns in the data which&nbsp; can tell you something useful or relevant about&nbsp;&nbsp; the business operations so for instance how&nbsp; customers engage with a particular product or&nbsp;&nbsp; employees engage with a particular tool armed with&nbsp; the insights of data companies are then able to&nbsp;&nbsp; make better decisions about their audience company&nbsp; as a whole and the industry in which they work in Step one we looked at what Data Analytics&nbsp; actually is in step two we're going to look&nbsp;&nbsp; at how data analytics is used so what does data&nbsp; analytics actually look like in action and how is&nbsp;&nbsp; it used in the real world so the fact is data is&nbsp; everywhere so it actually has an infinite amount&nbsp;&nbsp; of uses across all kinds of businesses and&nbsp; organizations globally broadly speaking data&nbsp;&nbsp; analytics is used to make faster and better&nbsp; business decisions to reduce overall business&nbsp;&nbsp; costs and to develop new and innovative products&nbsp; and services in more specific terms data analytics&nbsp;&nbsp; might be used to do the following to predict&nbsp; future sales or purchasing behaviors for security&nbsp;&nbsp; purposes to help and protect against fraud to&nbsp; analyze the effectiveness of marketing campaigns&nbsp;&nbsp; to boost customer acquisition and retention or&nbsp; to increase supply chain efficiency so that gives&nbsp;&nbsp; you a little bit of an overview of what data&nbsp; analytics can be used for in the real world Step three let's dive into what a data&nbsp; analyst actually does on a day-to-day basis&nbsp;&nbsp; if you're thinking about becoming a data analyst&nbsp; you're probably interested in the roles and&nbsp;&nbsp; responsibilities that you'll have in the field&nbsp; based on some real job ads here are some typical&nbsp;&nbsp; roles and responsibilities that you'll have to&nbsp; undertake as a data analyst manage the delivery&nbsp;&nbsp; of user satisfaction surveys and report on&nbsp; results using data visualization software&nbsp;&nbsp; work with business line owners to develop&nbsp; requirements define success metrics&nbsp;&nbsp; manage and execute analytical projects and&nbsp; evaluate results monitor practices processes&nbsp;&nbsp; and systems to identify opportunities for&nbsp; improvement translate important questions&nbsp;&nbsp; into concrete analytical tasks gather new&nbsp; data to answer client questions collating&nbsp;&nbsp; and organizing data from multiple sources&nbsp; design build test and maintain back-end code&nbsp;&nbsp; establish data processes define data quality&nbsp; criteria and implement data quality processes&nbsp;&nbsp; work as part of a team to evaluate and analyze key&nbsp; data that will be used to shape future business&nbsp;&nbsp; strategies so those are just some examples of what&nbsp; a data analyst would be doing in any given role&nbsp;&nbsp; to learn more about the kinds of things that&nbsp; you'll be undertaking as a data analyst why&nbsp;&nbsp; not search on job boards like linkedin indeed&nbsp; and icrunchdata.com so that was step three&nbsp;&nbsp; it was just a broad overview of what you&nbsp; can expect to be doing as a data analyst So now we've looked at data analytics as a role&nbsp; we're now going to go into the process of data&nbsp;&nbsp; analysis so now we're going to outline&nbsp; the five main steps a data analyst would&nbsp;&nbsp; take when approaching a new project step one&nbsp; define the questions that you want to answer&nbsp;&nbsp; you need to answer why you're conducting this&nbsp; analysis and what questions and answers you&nbsp;&nbsp; need to find at this stage you'll take a clearly&nbsp; defined problem and then you'll make a hypothesis&nbsp;&nbsp; or research question that you can go on and&nbsp; answer you'll then need to identify what types&nbsp;&nbsp; of data you'll need but importantly where it&nbsp; will come from for instance a business problem&nbsp;&nbsp; might be that customers aren't subscribing to&nbsp; a paid membership once that free trial ends&nbsp;&nbsp; your key question can then be what kind&nbsp; of strategies can the business implement&nbsp;&nbsp; to retain their customer base step two would be&nbsp; to collect this data with a clear question in mind&nbsp;&nbsp; you're ready to start collecting that data data&nbsp; analysts will usually gather data from primary&nbsp;&nbsp; sources or internal data that the company already&nbsp; has such as CRM software or email marketing tools&nbsp;&nbsp; they may tend to secondary or external sources&nbsp; such as open data sources so this can include&nbsp;&nbsp; data from government portals tools like&nbsp; google trends but also data from international&nbsp;&nbsp; organizations like the world health organization&nbsp; so step three you need to clean scrub that data&nbsp;&nbsp; once you've got that data you need to prepare&nbsp; it and ready it for analysis your original data&nbsp;&nbsp; might include duplicates anomalies or missing data&nbsp; which could distort how the data is interpreted&nbsp;&nbsp; these all need to be removed data cleaning can be&nbsp; a manual task and it can take some time but it's&nbsp;&nbsp; crucial if you want to get the right business&nbsp; insights step four is to analyze the data now&nbsp;&nbsp; for the actual analysis how you analyze the data&nbsp; will depend on the question that you're asking&nbsp;&nbsp; and the kind of data that you're working&nbsp; with but some common techniques include&nbsp;&nbsp; regression analysis cluster analysis and time&nbsp; series analysis to name just a few we're going to&nbsp;&nbsp; go into these analysis terms much deeper in future&nbsp; videos but if you have any specific questions now&nbsp;&nbsp; drop us a comment in the comments below moving&nbsp; on to step 5 we need to interpret and share the&nbsp;&nbsp; results the final step in this process is where&nbsp; data is turned into valuable business insights&nbsp;&nbsp; depending on the type of analysis conducted you'll&nbsp; present your findings in a way that others can&nbsp;&nbsp; understand in the form of a chart or a graph for&nbsp; example at this stage you'll be able to say what&nbsp;&nbsp; the data analysis actually shows you in regards&nbsp; to your initial question or business challenge&nbsp;&nbsp; and you'll collaborate with key stakeholders&nbsp; on how to move forward this is a great moment&nbsp;&nbsp; to reflect and look at the limitations of your&nbsp; data and what further analysis might be conducted&nbsp;&nbsp; rounding off step four we're going to move&nbsp; on to the next step what skills you need&nbsp;&nbsp; to actually become a data analyst in addition to&nbsp; the role description and the processes that we've&nbsp;&nbsp; described so far data analysts are also expected&nbsp; to demonstrate certain skills and abilities&nbsp;&nbsp; here are some of the most important hard and soft&nbsp; skills that you'll need to become a data analyst&nbsp;&nbsp; you'll need to have some mathematical and&nbsp; statistical ability data analysts spend a lot&nbsp;&nbsp; of their time crunching numbers so you'll need to&nbsp; have a mathematical brain you'll have to have some&nbsp;&nbsp; working knowledge of programming languages such&nbsp; as python oracle and sql data analysts rely on&nbsp;&nbsp; a number of programming languages to carry out&nbsp; their work this may seem daunting at first but&nbsp;&nbsp; it's nothing that can't be learned over time with&nbsp; practice you'll also need an analytical mindset&nbsp;&nbsp; it's not just about crunching the numbers and&nbsp; sharing your data sometimes you'll need to dig&nbsp;&nbsp; deeper to understand really what's going on&nbsp; it's all in the name an analytical mindset is&nbsp;&nbsp; a must remember data analytics is about answering&nbsp; questions and solving business challenges and that&nbsp;&nbsp; requires some keen problem-solving skills data&nbsp; analysts have a wide variety of tools at their&nbsp;&nbsp; disposal and you'll need to know which one to use&nbsp; and when you'll also need excellent communication&nbsp;&nbsp; skills once you've harvested your data for&nbsp; valuable insights it's important to share your&nbsp;&nbsp; findings so that it benefits the business data&nbsp; analysts work in close collaboration with key&nbsp;&nbsp; business stakeholders and they may be responsible&nbsp; for sharing their insights to those stakeholders&nbsp;&nbsp; but also the entire company so if you're thinking&nbsp; about becoming a data analyst you need to be&nbsp;&nbsp; comfortable with this aspect of the job so that&nbsp; summarises some of the key hard and soft skills&nbsp;&nbsp; you'll require as a data analyst i hope this&nbsp; has been a value obviously this isn't a broad&nbsp;&nbsp; overview of the field at hand if you've enjoyed&nbsp; this video we've got an in-depth article covering&nbsp;&nbsp; the points which i've mentioned in the video&nbsp; and we go into much greater depth the link for&nbsp;&nbsp; that is in the description below career foundry&nbsp; also have a fantastic five-day data analytics&nbsp;&nbsp; short course so if you're interested just sign&nbsp; up in the description below if you've got any&nbsp;&nbsp; questions about the field or the topics that we've&nbsp; covered in this video please just drop them in the&nbsp;&nbsp; comments below thank you so much for watching and&nbsp; we'll see you again soon okay cuts or anonymous some typical job ads ads check out those apps&nbsp;&nbsp; so what data analyses ulysses&nbsp; data analyst analyssssis data set

  Top Comments:
  1. @careerfoundry [115 likes]: Next Steps - Subscribe for our channel for more data content: https://www.youtube.com/user/careerfoundry?sub_confirmation=1
.
Check out our latest Data Analytics video, we go into more detail what an actual day in the life of a data analyst looks like: https://youtu.be/uSTtLpstV-o📺
We have a fantastic, free short course, to help give you a flavor of the profession. Sign up here: http://bit.ly/Become_A_Data_Analyst
  2. @rolandavila863 [18 likes]: I am currently studying SQL and soon will continue learning Excel, tableu and Python I will comeback after becoming a Data Analyst.❤
  3. @ShortFootballFactsDebates [11 likes]: If you're seeing this, know that its not too late to start your journey in data analysis
  4. @nwalijideofor7770 [5 likes]: Pharmacist-in-training here, finally diving into the tech world! ✈️ Honestly, some of these terms sounded like Greek at first, but this video made it click. Who else is pivoting into data from a completely different field? Let’s connect!
  5. @FelixSurdus [2 likes]: I originally wanted to end it, but lets give life one more shot..
  6. @BlessingMadukwe-bt6qp [1 likes]: Here in 2026 🎉🎉
  7. @MdSifat-o9i6k [1 likes]: This video is absolutely incredible, so impressed!
  8. @nwizugevelyn5569 [1 likes]: Can someone without a strong background in mathematics be a data analyst?
  9. @janisbuongerminoRecruiter [1 likes]: Well done! I have a job available for a Data Analyst with 5+yrs of experience in working with cross functional teams in Consumer Products. So many jobs so few Data Analysts. Good luck everyone.
  10. @Alissonfoto [1 likes]: Data, data, data,... I will became a data Analysts what ever it takes.
  11. @dengajiing102: just interest in learning this data
  12. : You putting this up for free is actually clutch - praise to you
  13. @authentic_trades: Awesome video
  14. @Eaglar: If im bad at math can I go for this carreer?
  15. @BSTrending-x2i: Thank u
  16. @aashriyamehar8565: Thank you for your guidance. Everyone keeps telling us to start doing things, but I just need clear direction on exactly where to begin.
  17. @davontawilliams3958: Salary ?
  18. @Datascopeee: Educative ❤❤
  19. @shewangzawweldeyohanesbokan: Best lectures !!! 🙏🙏🙏  would You attaching precise modules ??👍👍👍
  20. @Ahmad.S23: dude, brush your hair

- Factor Analysis - an introduction: Kind: captions Language: en in this video I want to provide an introduction to factor analysis so first of all I want to talk about what actually is the purpose of factor analysis so the idea is that what we do have is we have a set of observed variables so these are variables which we have data on and what we're trying to do is we're trying to explain the variant and the covariance between those variables typically what we're doing is we're doing this using a sample what we're trying to do is actually come up with a model for the population and our model will explain the variance of covariance between these variables is observe variables by a set of typically fewer unobserved factors and weightings so what exactly do I mean by that is probably better spoken about in realms of an example so the idea is that we might have some data on a particular set of observed characteristics for people we might have data from let's say samples of whether individuals experience insomnia whether they have suicidal thoughts whether let's say they hyperventilate and also we might have data on whether that individual typically feels nauseous most of the time and this data might be for example the data on individuals who are admitted to psychiatric care so typically with this data we we're dealing with a sample right we're not dealing with the entire populations data and within that sample there is a degree of variance and covariance between these set of variables say for example there might be some sort of covariance in our sample between insomnia and suicidal thoughts which is let's say something like not 0.3 and the idea is that what we're trying to do is we're trying to come up with a model which will explain that covariance in the population and the way in which factor analysis works is that we suppose that the variance and covariance structure in our observed characteristics is impart at least due to some unobserved factors so the unobserved factors here might be whether an individual is depressed and whether that individual is experiencing some form of extreme anxiety so we suppose that they are perhaps these two underlying factors which are responsible for the variance and covariance between all of these variables so the idea is that these two factors depression and anxiety actually cause the variance and covariance between all of these observed factors so there is a sort of weighting of depression on each of these observed characteristics as well as a weighting of anxiety so that's what each of these arrows mean I'm just saying that these two particular unobserved factors actually have a causal effect on each of these actually observed characteristics and typically the waiting's which these unobserved characteristics have on these observed characteristics is different so the weight of this first arrow the amount to which depression causes insomnia we might call SI Omega 1 1 the one here the first one indicating the fact that is the first unobserved factor waiting on the first observed factor and then this blue arrow here we might call Omega 2 1 to the 2 here now indicating that we're dealing with the second unobserved factor waiting on the first observed factor so the idea is that there are a set of weights and there are a set of unobserved factors and what we're trying to do is we're trying to estimate these weights and these unobserved factors and I should mention now that these unobserved factors can themselves be correlated and actually we can think about higher order models when these unobserved factors are actually caused by even sort of further down the chain other unobserved factors so what we can do is we can think about the variant of a given variable so we might be thinking about the variance of insomnia across our sample although typically what we're trying to do is we're trying to explain the variance in insomnia in the population order and we're trying to estimate that using our sample of data so there what we do is we suppose that there is a proportion of insomnia which is due to these shared unobserved factors and we call this variant commonality because it is the proportion of variance which is explained by a set of factors which are common to the other observed variables but we also suppose that there is a proportion of insomnia which isn't explained by these unobserved factors and this is something which we call the unique variance of that particular observed variable it's unique in the sense that it is unique to that specific variable and it's not caused by the common set of factors and typically in factor analysis we suppose that there are a set of unobserved variables II 1 let's say e 2 e 3 and E 4 in this case which themselves explain this unique variance of that particular factor if these factors themselves II 1 and less AE 2 are themselves correlated then we can also think about there being a proportion of covariance which is due to the shared factors and are also a these unique factors so what are the uses of factor analysis well the main sort of use of factor analysis is that which we've really talked about in this video what we're trying to do is we're trying to explain the variance and the covariance between a set of observed characteristics in terms of typically a simpler structure so what do I actually mean by a simpler structure here the fact is we have in this case we have for observed characteristics and we're trying to explain the variance and covariance between these factors in terms of two unobserved factors so notice that we've gone from a system where we had a dimensionality of four to that of two so in that sense we've made it simpler so that's one of the uses of factor analysis the other main use of factor analysis is and typically in psychology it's used for testing a particular theory so there might be some sort of theoretical evidence which linked depression and anxiety with each of these four characteristics and what actually test whether it is actually likely the case that our theory holds up when we compare it to the data the final use of factor analysis which comes to mind is that of Diamond dimensionality reduction so what do I mean by that well I mean that we started off with a system of four variables and we're trying to estimate estimate the variance and the covariance between those factors in terms of a system which is of lower dimensionality so we started off with a system of four and now we replaced it with a system of two unobserved factors and this concept of dimensionality reduction comes into the fore typically in machine learning where we have highly dimensional variables and we want to remove some of that dimensionality in order to improve partly the predictive power of a model and also to make the computation a little bit easier

  Top Comments:
  1. @saschasmit8176 [13 likes]: My teacher tried to explain the same thing in a 1.5 hour long class, you did better in just 8 minutes. Thanks!
  2. @kipgodoy2739 [5 likes]: 11 years later and this is still a wonderful, excellent introduction to factor analysis. Just understood 3 weeks of material in one video. Thank you so so so so much!
  3. @danielm9463 [5 likes]: Thanks, Ben for this incredibly valuable series! The explanations and examples in these videos are so clear. I'm adding your book to my birthday wish list--you are an OUTSTANDING teacher!!!
  4. @hobihobi1563 [2 likes]: currently taking a module in uni that was teaching factor analysis and i never understood it until i chanced upon this video! such a coherent explanation illustrated with an intuitive example! thank you so much!
  5. @marianbundel1229 [1 likes]: My teacher tried to explain me that from the time I jumped out of my moms v to the gina - after opening of that video I did not only understand FA but also the whole body of statistics and correlating subjects math, et cetera.
  6. @minyihuang225 [1 likes]: I am writing my finance thesis which requires the statistical method to test certain strategies. And This video helps me a lot for continuing constructing my finance strategy and testing its performance. 
Great job Ben!
  7. @Cleisthenes2 [1 likes]: Captain, we need to reduce the dimensionality in order to increase the predictive power of the model!
  8. @NordicTropics8767: Wow, It's really an exciting thing, I am watching your factor analysis video while having your "A student's guide to Bayesian statistics" on my table. ❤
  9. @pepper5117: i love how shes memorizing like shes gonna have a quiz
  10. @jarinorvanto4301: Factory analysis: factor analysis on a humongous scale.
  11. @snokful: Ohhh… just been slogging through Manly textbook chapter on Factor Analysis, while also watching a great deal of this series, and getting more & more confused, until the chapter’s conclusion defined a few terms that really were needed at the start. Turns out this youtube series is mostly pertinent to CONFIRMATORY Factor Analysis, whereas Manly (& my upcoming assignment) is focussing on EXPLORATORY Factor Analysis. Which is … kinda different, back to front. Thankyou though! Things are definitely more clearly explained than the Manly textbook or my lecturer.
  12. @almonddonut1818: Thank you for this! 🥹
  13. @yeoshenghong4802: your presentation is excellent but you need to buy a mic because the voice is to low even maximum 100 value
  14. @talananiyiyaya8912: Thank you! These explanations helped a ton with my first year stats papers.
  15. @billfrug: You've labelled the hidden factors as depression and anxiety but it's really just 2 factors that explain, right? ie dimensionalty reduction but who's to say what the factors really are?
  16. @ebnouseyid5518: Thanks for the wonderful lecture in EFA.
I have a question: 
The assumption that the measurement errors are not correlated with the factors and not correlated between them, this assumption isn't valid in reality?
  17. @PrabhakarKrishnamurthyprof: Thank you Professor. It is great revision. You made it simple and effective.
  18. @SourabhVourabh: So well explained! Loving your channel Ben.
  19. @alineball759: Very clear explanation. Thank you!
  20. @nathannguyen2041: Random question.. did you like real analysis?

- First Impressions: Exposure to Violence and a Child's Developing Brain: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] because of the way the brain works you will always remember your very first roller coaster ride storing these new experiences is one of the brain's main jobs in fact your brain creates a mental blueprint of every new experience you have a blueprint for any new touch is stored in one part of the brain a blueprint foring new sound in a different part and a blueprint for any new sight ins still another part but as powerful as that first roller coaster ride was it can't compete with the lingering effects of your brain's earliest experiences although you have no conscious memory of this part of your childhood it is these very first experiences that literally become the building blocks for your whole life unlike other organs the brain is undeveloped at Birth and it is waiting for experiences to shape how it will develop the amazing thing about the human brain is that the younger you are the more spongelike your brain is which is the reason that children in three years can learn language can learn to walk can do all kinds of incredible things but the very same biological sponginess that allows us to rapidly acquire language is also the same sponginess that makes young children more vulnerable to trauma than older children we have the opportunity to do police ride alongs to a domestic violence situation and so this was actually the first call I ever rode along it was dinner time and they were having spaghetti for dinner it was dripping down the Walls the kitchen table was over turn and we had three children in the household looking at this whole situation at the time we said uh no evidence of physical harm the kids are fine we learned differently of course the boy in the corner was classic Behavior that we see with kids who have had chronic exposure to violence he would just completely zone out numb out as things started to get scary the six-year-old little girl on the chair blames herself for what's going on but actually it was 4 years later that we really appreciated uh who had some of the most profound or severe harm coming out of this situation and that was the 6-month-old baby who was now 4 and A2 and had seriously injured another child in preschool it's literally the opposite of the way most people think about this most people think young children they don't really understand what's going on and they're resilient but the fact is if anybody's impacted more severely it's the younger child the brain is put together like building blocks in a sense those first blocks that go together are the more primitive area the surviv brain the brain develops from the bottom to the top and from the inside out so that the normal development of the top part of the brain depends upon healthy development of lower parts of the brain the top part of the brain where you do all of your thinking is the part of the brain that is most changeable easiest to modify but unfortunately if a child has developmental experiences of threat and exposure to domestic violence the lower parts of the brain will be impacted and they're harder to change as they get older he was never physically abusive but he was verbally abusive there was a lot of lots and lots of screaming in front of the kids berating you know putting me down and they pretty much hurt it all children exposed to domestic violence children who who witness their parents fighting literally are experiencing a state of fear and when this happens the systems in your brain that are involved in thinking at the top part of your brain are literally shut down it changes the brains of these children my son has seen and heard a lot of the violent outbursts he was experiencing night terrors and that was probably his way of dealing with it because in his waking State he didn't know how to articulate at 2 and A2 years old so it was coming through you know when he was asleep when kids are chronically stressed one of the problems that we see is uh difficulty and attachment in bonding cuz they're so focused on surv IAL it's hard for them to reach out and connect with others my oldest boy went through a stage where he would bully his younger brother and seemingly laugh and Glee he was not remorseful or had no empathy that he could actually make someone cry many many phone calls of of him being disruptive in the classroom he was a very bright kid but that's when I knew that he was heading toward trouble a lot of these kids get labeled as being you know bad difficult defiant this is a very natural response to their circumstance what the child is doing is a survival strategy for them but it creates behaviors that are very difficult in the classroom when they're in a crisis mode they can't learn the tragic reality of children growing up in domestic violence is that they end up with mental health problems at a rate higher than children who are actually the direct victims of physical abuse my mother was a victim of domestic violence um my father was an alcoholic a drug user and uh just a cocktail for for a bad uh for a bad living environment for children my brother he looked like he was crying on his way home me not knowing I was just a careless little six-year-old seeing him climb up to my mom's uh medicine cinet I asked him what he was doing and he he boldly said I'm killing myself 8-year-old's on top of I guy the first person I thought to call was my best friend's mom by the time she came down to our apartment he had uh a butcher knife in his hand he's just cutting himself all over his body and I was just Bing crying there was nothing I could do help my brother was was crying he didn't want to be there he was trying to run out but I had already known that the home my home wasn't my home you know it wasn't a place where I felt safe childhood exposure to violence uh is about living in a a threatening scary environment that may May escalate to physical violence but it often doesn't have to it's the the chaos the uncertainty the fear of being in a home where things aren't okay very interesting talking about the roller coaster because that's what we hear from adult survivors who in violent households and also the children the a hard part for them I think is thinking about what is normal instead of this up and down life of uh being in a violent threatening relationship growing up in my home there were six children my mother and father unfortunately fought like cats and dogs as a result of that two of my brothers end up being batterers I have two sisters even today they date men that batter them exposure to violence is a lifetime Legacy we see that adults who have had negative childhood experiences often have coping behaviors that can be unhealthy that certainly has huge effects on how one is going to parent it's really important for parents to understand that their internal State whether it's calm or whether it's alert engagement or whether it's frustration and anger whether it's sadness depression the baby absorbs these internal States I have been in the moment with that sense of of helplessness and hopelessness and stress and anxiety and rage it really damages the brain of small children to be under a constant level of Stress and Anxiety every day I hope that I haven't damaged my kid in any way they need to see from you as a parent how to deal with stressful situations in an appropriate manner being rational not resorting to violence to deal with situations your children are going to learn how to deal with stress from you luckily my older son is verbal enough and is old enough now that we have conversations about how did it make you feel when that was going on was that scary for you yeah invalidating that the biggest thing that helps children exposed to violence is to be able to talk about their feelings get those critical messages it's not your fault any conflict I'm able now to stop before I add to it I'm able to step away rather than trying to solve it at that moment in a state of heightened anger just try not to go through it alone if you have a strong support system and know what what Avenues you have available to you you know in case you do need to get out I was glad that we got help when we did one of the great things about brain science that we've learned is till the day you die you have the ability to add new neurons in your brain that the brain is more like skin uh in the sense that it can rewire and heal itself in the most important area the cortex we have the capacity to heal heal and do better the biggest thing we can do for kids exposed to violence is how many healthy adults can they connect to I did a lot of my childhood in other people's homes so um I saw what positive relationships were about I saw my friends were normal you know they didn't have the rage I had seeing parents that were together that just showed affection home dinners where everybody sat together those are the things that I really realized were important and instead of being envious I Incorporated it into my life I wanted to be a part of that I know school is what made a difference for me the teachers the attention I got letting me know that I could be somebody and I could do something in fact my oldest son his teachers you know all six of them were very instrumental in coming forward and providing him support when he needed they allowed him to be homeschooled to give him time to heal the hardest part about being a parent now is trying to be different than how my parents raised me am I being a good father what do I need to do to help you feel safe in your home that's the part the brain development part that I think um we want him to know what normal is for us and normal is having people who support you and who love you and who want to take care of you and that we want that to be his normal life it's one of those pay me now or pay me later and the truth is children who are good at self-regulation good at self soothing don't cry very much and end up being if you will successful our children who have had incredibly attentive early caregiving which some people unfortunately think of as spoiling it's exactly the opposite rather than spoiling the newborn what you're doing is you are building in healthy self-regulation so those are the things that I want to create an environment for my baby where he gets the benefit of of what I've learned from all these experts and also other parents and believe me they're experts too the most important thing that parents need to understand is that the brain of their child will become exactly what the child was exposed to if you want your child to be kind then you have to be kind to your child if you want your child to be good at self-regulation and not lose their temper you have to not lose your temper and that's the beauty of the human brain it is a mirror to the child's developmental experience

  Top Comments:
  1. @myronjefferson5424 [4 likes]: Home dinners at the table is a part of my home because I never had that in my home as a child I saw it was something we all needed as we grew up
  2. @tanzygriffith5641 [2 likes]: Domestic violence of all kinds impact all kids the same. And you can change the cycle if you realise the cycle
  3. @deanwitt7903 [2 likes]: As a child I was exposed to my parents fighting on a very regular basis . In the vehicle us kids would be in the back and one would be seated between parents in front . Something as simple as my father putting on the stereo would send mother into rage . The arguing would start and mother would be trying to ram the car in reverse . At home us kids would run to the kitchen to hide knives and empty jugs of water . My father was a serial adulterer and my mother was a family terrorist who had zero love for her children . I’m 50 now and feel angry about how it all played out .
  4. @samharrodiii2427 [1 likes]: This  is  the  most  superb  explanation  of  development  of  the  brain  of  a  baby,  starting  immediately  at  birth,  that  I've  ever  seen !
  5. @Scottoramonster [1 likes]: Anyone watching this for a court mandated class?
  6. @sueanncarriglitto7740 [1 likes]: 1:47
  7. @marteybrown7429 [1 likes]: Class
  8. @saralawson7028 [1 likes]: My daughter was exposed to violence from her biological father. He hit me in front of her and he yelled at me and called me names in front of her. When she was just a year and a half and 2 years old he tried to file for full custody of her
  9. @shannonhopkins4306 [1 likes]: My dad was shot in the head when I was a month old and he lives but had very bad brain damage like a child and was paralyzed on his left side and in a wheelchair so I never knew my real dad and he was violent and yelled and threw things and got angry easy and it was scary to grow up in and it drove my mom to drinking and she became a horrible alcoholic and I hated my life and could not wait til I turned 18 and I said I was leaving ,I don’t remember any fun times with my mom and dad ever .
  10. @urd4d.m0m: DIPSHIIII
  11. @alcaponedoesmyshirts4027: Anyone watching this for court?
  12. @mischabelton1806: Very important video.should be shown at all secondary schools 😢
  13. @michaelbarton4705: Um, I have to watch this for class and Neurons don't grow back or become stronger like skin cells... completely different type of cell. . . These psychologist should probably take an anatomy class on the human body rather than making a comment they know absolutely nothing about. . .
  14. @pinkprintz6373: watching this video for my PSY5130 class. Very informative!!! Well done
  15. @tanzygriffith5641: Can not heal if your always around toxic people even psychs can be toxic and continue emotional abuse
  16. @2kmontana: Its always the man thats the problem in everyone's eyes .. whatever 😂
  17. @lewischasen: Who feels like they are watching a Madd video
  18. @randymuaythai492: To late for me. What can I do now? I'm treated by psychiatrist. She gives me meds. Not working. I'm affraid i will kill someone. My fighting  carrier helps a lot. I can't beat each other in the ring with my sparring partners. I can do bag or pads drills. I'm in peace when I fight. But I also beat people up on the street just because they look at me. I can't control it. I'm Indonesian. It's a 3rd world country. And nobody give a shit about me. Except my mom. My mom is everything for me.  If it wasn't from her I've already kill someone and go to jail.
  19. @randymuaythai492: I was physically n mentally abused, the worst 1. My dad. He was a fighter and he beat the shit out of me when I was on 5th grade. Coma, hospitalized for about two months. After that I'm changing. I took boxing, taekwondo class just to released my anger. Fortunately I am very good at Fighting. So i become an aggressive violent brutal man. I beat up all my bullies on 6th grade. I didn't become a bully but I don't suitable with human anymore. No one in my school dare to approach me. Cus they saw what i did. But I like it. Leave me alone n everything will be fine
  20. @Purplelove221000: Yes, CASA Training.

- My Honest First Impressions Of Natlan In Genshin Impact: Kind: captions Language: en so Natan has been out in genin Impact for about a week now and I wanted to make a first impressions video for you guys on my thoughts on it if I'm enjoying it and give you guys a pros and cons list the things I'm liking and the things I'm not liking or concerned about I'm hoping that this video can help people make a decision on whether or not they want to come back to playing gen impact that they haven't in a long time or for new players and whether or not 5.0 is good or not off the Batman I'm going to say it this is going to be my hot take I think natland might be my new favorite region suu and leeway were like contending for like the first place spot and maybe it's a honeymoon phase I don't know but I love it I love how vibrant it is I know a lot of people there's a controversy behind this people were hoping for like a war torn land and you know a darker setting and instead we got this bright cheerful colorful Place personally I like that it makes me feel happy you know when I play the game it actually feels good to be around there and it just feels cheerful I don't know I know not everyone's into that and I respect it but me personally I think it's a pro the colors are just beautiful the scenery it's just gorgeous to look at especially when you first get to natland and you get to like this Cliff side the gorgeous scenery that you see the view you see the dinosaurs out there and like the trees and the cliffs and there's just so many cool things to find like graffiti NPCs that are hanging around and the different wildli overall I just love the vibe of nat land and it might become my new favorite region if I want to dark setting I'll go back to encomia and the last time I was there was like when it first came out so for me I think it's gorgeous I love it and then my next Pro for natland and 5.0 is the music honestly I'm going to say this this is not the honeymoon face talking I think Nat's music is the best music that we have gotten in genjin Impact I said it that's my take I'm going stand by that take yeah hoyo mix does Banger after Banger after Banger and we have so many great music and all the music fits in their regions like mat Lands music is a whole new level dude every song is a Bop every time the battle music comes up oh dude I mean I was playing it on my PlayStation and if you own a PlayStation you might know this each game has like a song that plays when you're hovering over the game in your menu I was literally was hovering over genjin impact on my PlayStation for like an hour just having the music play in the background while I was doing other stuff that's how much I like it dude and It just fits the setting so well it is I'm enjoying it so much and it makes me feel more engrossed into natland and just the vibe of it it just all comes together dude the music is such a banger I'm going to admit something I rarely listen to gench and impact music outside of stream but natland music I'm playing it while I'm doing other stuff it's just it's that good like seriously I'm not trying to glaze it up it's that good in my opinion of course but that's a pro for me another Pro that I have is being able to change into the sorians which are the wildlife in n land some of the dinosaurs right now we can change into three of them the green one the blue one and and The Rock one the Little Rock dinosaur I don't know the exact names of them okay some of them have weird names but you can change into them and they all have different special abilities while you Traverse the world you usually use them for puzzles which I think is a really cool thing that they added to the game cuz then it makes the puzzles more fun to do and a little bit different than other regions and there are some hidden details as well when you change into those animals if you inter act with certain NPCs which I just think is really cool and they all have their own traversal as well which help you get around Nat land even better and speaking of the traversal that is my next Pro is amazing traversal like I said the sorians all have their own traversal to help you get around natland easier but in the same time the natland characters have their own traversal mechanics to help you get around natland like muani she literally rides a shark which I love by the way I I that was like an instant pull for me I'm a big fan of sharks so when I saw that I was like I need her right now but she literally uses a shark as a surfboard and then you just zip around natland and there's a mechanic called fistan in natland that's only for natland characters which help you get around even easier and it's just so fun to zip around especially with muani um which spoiler alert that will be a con later on but going around as her and in the future Kish he's literally Spider-Man and how he swings around like that is insane and then we got kacina who drives a little drill and then you can climb up walls with her like they knocked it out of the park with traversal and it's just such a fun addition to the game and I feel like every single Map update that we get in every .0 patch that we get we get some sort of new traversal mechanic like Fontaine was swimming underwater and stuff and toaru we had the ability to zip around to like different way points and stuff and now we have the fistan and characters being able to ride sharks and little drills and swing around like makes me kind of excited to see what future characters we're going to get and how they verse the land and before we continue with the video I just want to say a big thank you to today's sponsor expressvpn expressvpn enables users worldwide to protect their privacy and security online with just a few clicks the company's top rated apps for Windows Mac iOS Android and Linux routers identifies with best in-class encryption and leak proofing connect reliably from anywhere to anywhere phone tablet computer router no matter where you are or what device you're using a single Express VP subscription has got you covered expressvpn has a network of high-speed servers across 105 countries and provides a fast connection offering uncensored access to sites and services from across the globe funny enough I already have an expressvpn subscription because when I went to Japan a couple months ago and Germany literally like 2 days ago I use them so I can log into my YouTube channel cuz YouTube realized that I wasn't home and it was locking me out of my account so then I turned on expressvpn and I was able to log in because then they thought I was at home so legit it has saved me so much so I can upload videos like this or my YouTube shorts for you guys or I've even used it a couple times while playing video games like OverWatch OverWatch allows you to switch between regions in America Europe and Asia but not specific servers within those regions the expressvpn allows you to pick specific servers within those regions which can then help you get lower que times in servers that have less players or if you live in the east coast but you want to play with people in the west coast Express VPN helps with that as well and it works on a bunch of different games too but primarily I use it for OverWatch expressvpn is also really cool because if you're on an unprotected and unsecured Wi-Fi like McDonald's Wi-Fi or whatever if you use expressvpn it'll help protect you on those unsecured and unprotected Wi-Fi networks and if you're just someone who wants to just stay Anonymous or as Anonymous as possible online expressvpn will help you do that too and it'll also hide your online activity from internet service providers without a VPN your ISP can see your entire browsing history and in the US there even legally allowed to sell it expressvpn gives you that privacy back so if you think you need expressvpn which I would highly recommend I have a link in my description below just click that link or go to expressvpn.com d44 and get three extra free months on me thank you expressvpn for sponsoring today's video let's get back to it another Pro I have cons don't worry I'm not just going to be glazing it up but the archon quest dude H I think it was so good we only got act one and act two right now which is good I don't want to get too much you know in the beginning I wanted to like you know go on for a bit but I thought it was a solid first introduction to Nat land the cool characters that you get to meet and the story it was awesome like they dropped some really cool lore and some Bombshells I was just like what and I mean you've probably seen this in the trailers but Capitano ah I've been waiting for him for so long you have no idea I love his design I just love him oh there's some cool moments in the story I will not spoil it I do have my story uploaded onto YouTube if you want to go watch my playthrough of that I like it a lot I'm excited to see what is next for it though because it's very set up for natland but there's even some really cool mechanics that they do within the story that are different like some of the boss fights I thought were done very well they weren't too easy you didn't kill the boss in like 2 seconds you know there's like cool mechanics but so far it's a great start to Nat land's archon Quest and I mentioned cool characters you meet a lot of cool characters in natland and that's my next Pro the Pyro archon is so far I know this is this is a lot to say for it just coming out but I can see her becoming one of my new favorite archons niita currently is my favorite archon finina story was amazing but mava I think that's how you say it I can't spoil it for you cuz if you haven't done the archon quest just know I like her personality a lot the way she leads natland I'm a fan of she's definitely a leader by example and not just telling people what to do she can relate to her people that's that's what I like about her a lot muani adorable I love her she's very bubbly and full of energy she's she's great Kish is really cool too Kina is super sweet and cute and I love her and all the NPCs that we've met so far I love all the designs I think they did a great job with them they just feel like they fit natland the only thing I will say is I'm hoping for more diversity in the playable characters but we'll have to wait and see what hoyo does with that but overall all the character designs I think are great and just fit the feel of natland now if you watch the 5.0 live stream which I also reacted to they added a ton I mean a ton of amazing quality of life updates so here are a few pros and a few of them that really are important to me and stand out to me we have a new wishing system now it's not completely different but it's a step in the right direction they've gotten rid of one of the Fate points on the weapon Banner so now it's only one fate point Thank God me personally I'm not a fan of the Fate point system and I always said that the weapon banners a scamm because the Fate points you lose a couple times and now you have two fate points but they won't transfer over to the next weapon Banner so you just kind of like I have to do it or it's like a waste so now it's pretty much just like losing a 50/50 in a sense not as good as weathering waves where you know their weapon banners you just get that weapon at whatever pity you really can't lose it I think the best case scenario but I guess hoyo has to make their money right but then this is the big one with the limited banners if you're on a 50/50 and you lose that 50/50 there is a slight chance and I've only gotten this once there's a slight chance that you'll see the gold change into like a fate which then means you've won your 50/50 and I think it's like a 55 45 chance now it's a very small percentage that you can get that but hey you know what I think it's a cool Edition I got it and I was able to get C2 muani that way so yeah now you have a little bit of a better chance to win your 50/50s now another con don't worry we're getting through the list but another con is the to make good artifacts now now if you've been playing genin for a while or even if you're new you might have realized that artifact farming sucks ass in this game bro like when I first started this game I guess there wasn't that many artifacts to get so my luck was a lot better but now I even tell people don't even Farm the new artifact sets just use an old one or share them with your characters but now they've given us the ability to create our own artifact you can get the main stat and then the sub stats as well but there is a catch to it you can't just do this every single day the way you do it is you have to have a special material that the game gives you either through the battle pass or finding them out in the wild or sometimes in your mail and you use that to then create the artifact and I think the Goblet might be the most expensive one you have to use four of these things and I'm telling you they are rare to get I think you only get a few every patch so it's not like you can just create Godlike artifacts every day but the option is there and I think it's pretty cool not going to lie it's a step in the right direction and I'm a fan of that you can also feed your old artifacts to get those things ah but it's very expensive to do nonetheless I'm glad that they added this feature into the game now another big Pro in my opinion is now they've added more ways to earn Primo gems which if you do the archon quest you get extra Primo gems I think it's like 500 or something just for doing the archon quest which I think is great the anniversary we're getting more Primo gems as well and I think they even said that you get more from opening up chests as well now they're adding more ways to earn more rewards and more Primo gems which thank god dude I think hoyo has enough money they can do it you know do it for your fans do it for the people that play the game you know f2p players deserve it and I mentioned anniversary Awards this next Pro goes along with that they announced this and this was such a huge announcement it was a long time coming but every genin anniversary now going forward every year we will get a free five-star selector for the five stars that are on the standard banner yes it's real not fair you're able to just pick one from the standard Banner that happens once a year on the anniversaries now so I personally got my C6 DEA finally I can tell you right now she just hits a little bit better was it worth it I don't know I'm happy but I'm glad that they added this to the game it's been a long time coming so many other gotta games already do this thank you genin thank you for allowing us to finally get a free Five Star now if you're going to ask me this is a side note who you should go for tinari there's your answer get tinari he's really good or whoever you want I don't care but tinari now we're almost done with the pros okay and I could honestly keep listing off Pros for you but I don't want to make this video 3 hours long so got three more for you a new interactive map now if you're genjin player you know what the interactive map is right it's a website you go to it it tells you exactly the locations of everything that you can find in the game especially for the people who want a 100% their map now there's a new feature if you need the specialty flowers to level up your characters you can literally click that and then you can click on go to collect and then it'll tell you in game with a blue circle where these flowers are and it makes farming for your characters so much easier yeah you can open up the interactive map on like your phone or your iPad or your computer or whatever but having it built into the game now I think helps a ton and personally I like that it's to some people it might seem like a very small change but to me I think it's huge especially for someone who likes to build their characters it just makes the process go by faster now these next two things are for players that like harder content like myself there's a new difficulty added to the Imaginarium theater called Visionary mode which just makes it harder for you but in turn if you're able to get through it you do get more Primo gems at the end of it so a win-win harder content more rewards for the people who like to play The Imaginarium theater and then on top of that more local Legends to fight they introduced that really in Fontaine I think local Legends you find them around the map and they're just super hard like they have like 10 million HP for some reason and it's like an added challenge to the Overworld by the way speaking of Overworld hold on my ADHD is flying around they added World level 9 so for people who want that you now have World level 9 so you get more rewards and more drops by doing that and harder enemies to fight but going back to the local Legends I like that they added that to the game because now it just adds harder enemies out in the Overworld for people who want that content like myself I'm going tell you right now the Fontaine ones I thought were hard uh-uh no Nat land there's literally a twerking copy bar that's all I'm going to say it's awful in a good way and it's awful it's scared so yeah but for people who like harder content they've added that and I hope they add more so those are all the pros that I wrote down there are more that I would love to just Rand and talk about for hours but I'm trying to keep this video as short as possible so let's talk about some of the cons and some things that I'm a little worried about with Natan and going forward off the rip I've heard this a lot from people and I've noticed this too the initial Map size is not as big as other regions when they first launched now it's not a huge thing but it is a con it's not as big as the other ones we obviously get more m expansions there is an underground layer to it as well now I know to some people that has been a con they've been complaining about that saying why is SB why is this big I don't know in my opinion it's still fun to explore a lot of cool things to find a lot of cool things to do but that's my first con my next con and this is I guess kind of nitpicking they did say that there were going to be better graphics in that land and I haven't really notice that it still looks the same to me like very rarely I don't know maybe this placebo effect but sometimes it does does feel like the graphics might be a little bit better I play on PC at like mac settings at 4K right and my monitor is an OLED monitor so it's always look good to me but I don't really see a big difference I guess that's not really a con it's more of a nitpick but I thought I'd mention it to the people who maybe were like hoping for like big huge Unreal Engine 5 graphics yeah it's not happening still looks like genine impact I still like the art style and the way it looks but yeah the graphics uh they just look the same to me but now this next con it worries me a little bit let me explain so you know how I said earlier how the traversal in natland is amazing and how muani moves around and kich is going to be able to move around as fun as it is on the flip side it is kind of a con in my opinion because it creates fomo for players and if you don't know what fomo means it means fear of missing out being able to Traverse Nat land on a shark or swinging around like Spider-Man looks so cool and then it makes you think oh I probably need to pull that character then just for that and it kind of for people in a sense to pull the character even if maybe they don't want them just for that I don't know how I feel about that because I feel like that's going to be a thing going forward with all the natland characters like they're going to all have some special mechanic on how they get around and that might create fomo in some people or kind of make people feel like they need to pull that character when in reality you really don't I'm going to answer the question right now it's like keep getting this question a lot should I pull muani is she a musp in my opinion no I don't think she's a musp do I think she's fun personally yes I do like her play play style and her traversal is super fun oh my God I love it I don't know what I'd do without it but I don't think she's a must poool and obviously not everyone spends money in this game people save their Primo gems that they work hard for for the characters that they really want as they should but it kind of sucks that like okay I don't want muani but I want to be able to Traverse natland a lot easier well you need muani for that right so I don't know how I feel about that that kind of worries me Doro is here to tell you at the end of the day as fun as muani is to Traverse and Kish is probably going to be as well still pull for the characters that you want and don't spend money that you don't have please now going off of the traversal stuff another thing is sorians can't run and sometimes their traversal kind of sucks not going to lie sometimes it's a little buggy specifically the green one I forget it's like yam something I don't know the green dinosaur how it uses like its tongue to zip around and it creates platforms sometimes it doesn't even create the platforms for me so I don't know if that's like a glitch or something maybe they need to fix that but it's a little clunky which then I guess kind of creates that fomo again they like oh well then just pull muani but yeah they're fun to use in Puzzles that's about it other than that I don't want to use them World level 9 doesn't seem that hard yes we get more rewards which is great and and more drops you would think that the enemies would get a lot harder and uh well they really don't in my opinion so it's kind of a bummer you know I'd like it to be like really challenging yeah it is what it is like I said at least I have the local Legends to fight right now I also mentioned this earlier but I will mention it again as a con the build your artifact thing that's been added to the game I did say it was a pro that it was added and that that option is there but the con is is that the stuff the material that you need to do it is so rare it's just like that kind of sucks you know I I wish they were a little bit more generous with the materials that you need in order to do it because artifact farming is ass in genin and I do like artifact farming but it's gotten to a point now where I just I literally get nothing and then the strong Box gives me nothing too to the point where I tell people just don't even do it just share your artifacts with other people and you know use old sets right I'm running hard of depth on my muani and she's still hitting like a truck I feel no need to get the new one I think it's called obsidian codex I feel no need to waste my resin on that so yeah I I just wish that the material that you need for it is was more generous and you had more and then my last con which I guess this is like a nitpick thing the new Aron Quest giving you 500 I think Primo gems for completing it on top of all the other Primo gems and stuff kind of encourages players to skip the archon quest just to get to it just to collect the rewards now I know there's players that just care about the rewards and I get that you at least have to complete the leeway archon Quest and then you can skip everything else like suu and Fontaine to get to natland I think that's a con I think that's a stupid decision I I would not do that if I were you now I get it there are players that don't give a the story but what makes genjin impact special to me is the story that it tells and the World building and the character building I I love love that that for me personally that's what makes this game so special if you just focus on like the building characters and kind of exploration like you're missing out on a huge Chunk in what makes this game special in my opinion dude I could never imagine telling someone to skip suu and Fontaine especially like those AR conquests like that is insane to me do suu do Fontaine do everything in order the Primo gems will be there I think at least in my opinion but those are pretty much all the cons that I wrote down there aren't that many to be honest with you and I think that's a good thing from the 5.0 live stream I know so many people were hyped about it me and myself included they're doing a lot of great things finally in genin and they're really listening to the player feedback it feels like finally adding quality of life updates that we really want natland has been a banger in my opinion I I've been enjoying it so much everything about it dude I I get so excited to boot up genjin for stream and to play it and to just go at it it it's it's so cool man it's definitely my new favorite region the best way I can put it is this people ask me what is the your favorite memory of genjin and it was when I first stepped into suu and just like the greenery and you know the new world it was so cool that's how I feel with natland feel that magic again you know I I love it so it's been a banger they've been doing a lot of great stuff it just feels good to play it's fun to play characters are awesome new mechanics are great quality of life updates yeah it's not perfect but they definitely knocked out of the park and I'm excited to see what is next for Nat land I'm just I'm just truly excited let me know in the comments down below if you enjoyed my video and what some of your pros and cons are of natland are you enjoying it are you not I want to read your comments and have some discussions with you okay guys thank you so much for watching the video I appreciate you guys and I wanted to say this as well thank you guys so much for the 700,000 subscribers that we just hit on YouTube I I remember when I had 12 subscribers on this channel legit I appreciate you guys thank you so much for everything and for supporting me and for watching the videos and enjoying them uh cuz I make this content for you guys as long as you guys enjoy my content I'm doing my job right so thank you guys so much for that I'll catch you guys at the next one

  Top Comments:
  1. @Doro44c [73 likes]: Let me know if youre enjoying Natlan! Also thanks to Expressvpn for sponsoring the video, Go to http://expressvpn.com/doro44 and find out how you can get 3 months of ExpressVPN FREE!
  2. @MaraiahKayeAcas [6 likes]: Came back here after the 5.1 quest. I have a feeling they did this on purpose. Make us fall in love with Natlan then 5.1 came and boom. Heartbroken. 😭
  3. @Sakura_bl0ss0mm_m [5 likes]: It might be crazy what im about to say..
  4. @stewart2589 [3 likes]: Natlan (Liyue 2) isn't that interesting
  5. @kaitlyn278 [3 likes]: Natlan is a flop for gotcha players who want male characters. Nothing is beating Fontaine and sumeru
  6. @Kashionfilms [3 likes]: 1:01 I want Snezhnaya to be in like a dark midevil setting but just coverd in snow
  7. @taigaririri [2 likes]: I went to Natlan before Sumeru and Fontaine since the game told me to go there for a quest and I didn't know what the actual order was. I finished Natlans story before doing both Sumeru and Fontaine and personally, I feel like it didn't impact my experience much or even at all, I can just put the stories in the correct order in my head and everything makes sense. As long as I do them back to back and I remember what happens, I can piece the quests together accordingly. Idk if others struggle with that but I don't feel affected by it. I kinda wanna get the rewards first to get it over with and then have time to replay everything in my head and make it make sense
  8. @Julia-ln5og [1 likes]: You want to hear why it's messed up that they kept it happy and vibrant? It made the actual war 10 times more sad because everyone was so happy and sweet and you see all these people dead now it made it a lot more to a kick in the heart
  9. @doburoku6781 [1 likes]: Inazuma was my region..
And inazuma ost make me feel calm.
  10. @oliviamarie5 [1 likes]: 20:30 my fontaine archon quest was locked by the natlan quest during 5.0 so i had to start the natlan quest without ever talking to the fontaine characters before so i ended up majorly skipping through the natlan quest for the primogems and so i could focus on fontaine 😭😭
  11. @sallysullivan1034 [1 likes]: I'm sorry but mondstadt will always be my favorite. Its so nostalgic
  12. @dayannav881 [1 likes]: I’m currently at Inazuma and I had that debate, do the Natlan archon quest and skip all the other content just to get the Primogems or being patient and enjoying the Inazuma story and quests. I decided to stay where I am and just enjoy it at my own pace. I’ll eventually get to Natlan :) it’s nice knowing that Doro agrees on that as well
  13. @Matias_L [1 likes]: "official Genshin Impact Partner" means bought opinion. tired of these paid reviews.
  14. @Amethyzt_ [1 likes]: No offense, but I do feel like a major elephant was left out of the con parts... (aka the very visible lack of representation for Africans and Mesoamericans)
  15. @Mnullkus [1 likes]: I play the game for my Gf but it's eating me alive it's utter garbage the game holding my hand not letting me play the game because oh look here's a city what ruined by abyss oh look they are fighting go there but u can't navigate becasue the freaking camera locked on those trashmobs and can't see the road.... they story must be good but i don't give a fck about it why can't it be just skipped like every normal game out there....
  16. @MaxiJrpg [1 likes]: So I really really wanted a male archon for natlan and always pictured an older, war veteran or something like that and I was so disapointed when I saw the female archon. But the more I see of her the more she grows on me :D
  17. @Atrina08: Whats happening with doro's ear..
  18. @gatesofdawn: I agree with all of your first takes. Natlan is SO BEAUTIFUL and it's all made even better by the absolutely AMAZING music! Also, the fact that I found out randomly that one of my coworkers is one of the choir singers in Anthem of the Savannah made it even more special to me. I just love everything about natlan so much 💛💛💛 it's made even better with natlan characters, particularly Kinnich which I can use to soar through the skies and it's amazing💛💛💛
  19. @tyleryt2957: I got both of the new sets just by getting the obsidian rings
  20. @InvisableLightning: i agree with everything you said, but one thing, one of your cons regarding the FOMO, So i skipped the 5.0 characters (Mualani cuz i wasnt sure if she would be worth it, and kinich cuz when his banner was out i found out that xilonen was the patch right after and i wanted her more) so during 5.0 i did my exploration, got everything 100% without any of the natlan charecters even that free kachina i didnt even use her, i ran sucrose finagling Emille faruzan and got 100% without natlan charecters because, anytime i would have needed the natlan charecters traversal abilitys (mualani surfing or kinich grapple or kachina wall climb) there was always a dinosaur of that element right there were i needed them, i didnt feel like i was forced into having to pull or use the natlan charecters, it actually made me want themless cuz they seemed to only be good in natlan with not being able to be on feild as long outside of natlan i didnt think they would be good in the abyss or theatre so them not being needed for exploring just gave me more reason to not pull them.

Now of course using the chaecters like kinich and mualani is WAYY more fun then using the green and blue dinosaurs as you get to ride a shark or swing around like spiderman, but ya you dont need to pull them for natlan, i used my main team none of which are even good in exploration and i managed to 100% 5.0 natlan in 4 days (would have been sooner but i got sick)

- Is Honkai Star Rail BETTER Than Genshin Impact? | First Impressions: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] why are you playing go help your friends yeah it's Canon indeed look out seems I came at a bad time no no I think you couldn't have timed it better she didn't care at all dud she was like everyone's dying after all Elio didn't put it in the script why would it matter the animations dude that breathing sensation this is like Persona this this look just like Persona the angle in everything is legit they they someone at hoyo played Persona 5 and they were like Persona 5 is amazing abilities with the blast Market can attack multiple times do it oh the graphics and the animations are sick look at these Graphics look at her I got to calm down click to activate your ultimate bet Good Times Never Last oh that was cool uses ultimate to attack all enemies space time to say bye that was freaking awesome cleaning up other people's mess isn't in my job description silver wolf not important you care about D I'm loving this game already I'm only I'm only 5 minutes in dude yo we got uh silver wolf has joined the party bet let me switch to her character design is sick she's got some cool sword there's chest perfect is that it stingy chest that's how we all feel when we play Genji and stuff like that's all we got stingy this combat needs optimizing with full energy the ultimate can be used immediately in any turn that's actually kind of sick at this speed too slow that's cool bro imagine in the future like when genin 2 or whatever they want to do like hoo's games are getting better and better and it makes me really excited and I get it not Everyone likes turnbas I I actually if turnbas is done well I like it a lot we all we pick our character here okay first and foremost I love his shoes oh no who do I pick are they voiced mods let's make a poll who should I pick you guys go vote in the poll male or female why are you standing around having second thoughts no I'm trying to get my chat I'm trying to get my chat to vote for me you're going to think for this long why does the game make fun of me when you out of bed this morning why are you roasting me this game is so sassy it's like are you this stupid that like you going to take forever this is secret dialogue dude come on I'll pick for you this one yeah this one what is the vote at right now it's at 55% male 44% female he's handsome though he do be handsome look at those eyes this is like young want to give him a new name uh yeah what do we name him Bob Bob everyone's saying Bob I hate all of you all right Bob is it Bob it is yeah download Bob for me how much does he remember what's up girl you smell like minty time to get up I'm up an angel kka great so you remember me I mean how could I forget from now on you needn't think about your past or doubt yourself why why is the music like and she's like none of that matters all you need no why is she so soul treede I must leave now don't worry someone will come and find you very soon no stay with me stay with just go with them I'm regretting you leaving don't leave no don't leave okay March you better do CPR huh I I've never done it before Don hung you do it Don hung wait stop it no no no no no no no let him do it let him do it let him do it let him do it are you all right no I need CPR I need him to administer that for me we were so close this isn't good I love her can you try harder she looks like cotton candy my my name is Bob my name's Don hung Don hung March 7th oh my God I'm feeling faint Don H kiss me on the lips this is the character screen oh this is sick detailed information about characters can be viewed in the character screen each character follows a path Bob D Bob is a character that follows the path of Destruction deal outstanding amounts of damage and possesses great survivability suitable for various combat scenarios that's sick characters come in different types and follow different paths dang so there's different paths and then different types for those paths okay so she's what cryo preservation so March 7th is a support cryo support character what does this do defense stay right there while I give you a present so she added 197 sick okay what does this do I want to I want to try it got to try hard sometimes do it check out this awesome move no way that's cute team setup change your team lineup to meet different kinds of challenges we got Don hunga oh he's like a polearm level him up let me level up his hungness yeah boy okay so what kind of character are you Animo is that anal that looks kind of like am am I can't talk hunt deals extraordinary amounts of single Target damage so he's a single Target damage dealer against like Elite enemies and stuff got it yo look at him why can't I zoom in Turtle when you edit this zoom in oh look at him oh he is strong what does your ultimate look like let's see that was cool rules are made to be broken what dude MC's animation is the coolest one we've seen so far no cap Bob's ultimate offers two powerful attack modes so let's just do the single one that was awesome traces level up to comprehensively enhance your character oh it's like a there's a skill tree in this game damage boost wind level one wind damage increases by 3.2% interesting it's too late to oh we get to see his ultimate let's see what his ultimate does of life and death revealed in an instant this Sanctuary is but a vision what dude I love this game nice to meet you I'm himo Navigator of the astral Express girl you can navigate something for me you know what I'm saying yo himo joined okay bet you're a pyro character erudition IR addition okay so she's an AOE damage dealer that's sick can you walk with your characters yes you can oh buddy M me dad warp warp to obtain characters in light cones is that how we wish can we wish click to warp once this is a cool animation Baron buddy wait what hey by coincidence we got aa oh so this is the standard Banner light cone event Banner so weapon banner and then the character event ooh who are you cely okay every 10 warps guarantees at least one fourstar or above character or light cone so for every 10 wishes you get a guaranteed fourstar like in genjin every 90 warps guarantees a five-star character or light con like in genin aha thank you additional rewards I didn't see that so an additional five star character will be given when requirements are met after making 300 warps so 300 wishes on the regular warp event you can choose one of these characters himo welt bronia japar Clara yangqing hopefully I'm saying these names right and byou to join your team this reward can only be claimed once and it even shows your progress right there dude that is a amazing dude genjin impact should implement this for standard wish uh standard Banner characters and then someone said to check my real quick hold on ooh bet bet claim oh I got a new character ooh and she's got the Blue Streak in her hair like I do and she's an electro erudition which is multi-target damage I want him welt oh my God go give me welt give me wel give me wel wel wel w w come on I'm getting wet for weld show me that D okay I got a I got a cone these are cool I like the art oh composure composure composure ooh I love you I'm in Love with You harmony applies Buffs to allies to improve the team's combat capacities bet an Electra too sick let me do another one do I have another one bet warped go all right let's see what else we got okay Daddy sampo is this guy's name sampo these nuts dude that's a hmbo that is a hmbo I got a dou y who's this I don't know how to say this name chinu yo double character POG bro he's got that soft boy look to him but he's also buff as hell um do you see his little he's got Shena hip Windows dude a little V taper he has a vline wait March huh what the heck is that space Dragon the Doomsday Beast it's really here get down here Mar R was like pull up without smoke dude the Fallen dude March 7th was like I'm throwing smoke at you right now yes spit space the Fallen dude oh to go this is cool this is Persona can I fight maybe could you let me hit you come one come on they didn't want us to get rid of himo because he's weak to pyro perhaps you still don't understand Humanity never con desire to control D scar who gave you a for real oh Scara and dealin adopted a child exactly they adopted one together and then it went they shot it up into space so that we have to fight it I like Don hung too but March is just I like her personality she's very bubbly what the hell is this oh my God I'm about to die I'm going to die I suck at this game dude you have the worst luck running into me uh March we have the worst luck right now we are dying oh my God please oh my God please oh thank God R watch this we won you the only one who died was Don hung I'll take it oh this is sick no not March we sacrificed ourselves for March I must leave now what happened must see the end of your story who is that in it go why am I getting chills dude this is sick oh my God wait what wel just pink Mr Yang stop they're okay now let's talk somewhere else oh my God please well L went bunk no stop all right chat I think I'm going to end it there though because we've been live for 6 and 1 half hours and I have other things I got to do too tonight I don't want to stop playing is that bad I mean that's a good thing though that's a good thing if I want to keep playing it and stuff I'm really enjoying it though that's really cool

  Top Comments:
  1. @Doro44c [423 likes]: Im REALLY liking Star Rail, and I think it'll find its audience being popular alongside Genshin! Let me know what you thought and if you plan to try it out at launch! 

Pre-Register for Honkai: Star Rail here: https://hoyo.link/b7yDC1Cd
  2. @NanobanaKinako [1 likes]: Kafka reminds me of the flirty liberation and March 7th reminds me of the gliding outlander because of the bow, so I guess Dang Heng is the cavalry captain. Let the cultured homie guess their name.
  3. @Tayvan-s5g: It had frequently surpassed Genshin Impact in monthly revenue actually 💸.
  4. @justinbaxter441: have  u been  play honak star rail   for while
  5. @lindsayjohnson485: let him do it was the same thing i said-
  6. @pelayojhonmeltonmanio8898: where's the gameplay?? it all seemed just you watching cinematic and dialogue shtsss....
  7. @RuebenLyons-l1w: Mines bob!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
  8. @traianaanimations7054: caelus is handsome
  9. @KristinaBrincefield: Girls
  10. @jasmine9581: 6:40 when i heard that, I was like...we just came into exisrence, how did you already form that life philosophy
  11. @Catsarelifefrr: i enjoy star rail but i fucking HATE HATE THE COMBAT like i understand where they got the inspo but nahh
  12. @aryannair734: Why did bro look away for Himeko burst 😂
  13. @JonathanMunoz-tr8st: Personal Opinion:
He’s funny but 95% of the comments he drops makes me roll my eyes in either disgust or disappointment,🙄 the other 5% causes me to burst out laughing.😂
  14. @BryCole-tt6vq: Honkai is really fun but I hate the restrictions
  15. @iggy_vibez: One year later:



Yes. Yes it is
  16. @i_livet00: Bro I swear to god I got kalfka at 30 pity😀
  17. @Banchacho: HE HAS ALL MY REACTIONS WHEN I STARTED WE ARE THE SAME PERSON
  18. @kittencodmYT: You called stela seele it was so funny love your content
  19. @dadoufournier9115: For f2p star rail is so much better
  20. @lilnommy8845: "Bob is character that follows the path of destruction"

Bob the builder evil arc

- Their First Impressions of You👀 VS How They See You Now🤩 PICK A CARD🔮 Timeless Tarot Reading: Kind: captions Language: en hi friends welcome or welcome back to my channel this is a zotero and in today's pick a card reading we are going to be looking at somebody's first impressions of you versus how they see you now so this is not necessarily a love reading you can ask about anybody that's on your mind um i'm going to be making it as neutral as possible though do be aware that there are plenty of people who do come to these readings with the intention of asking about a romantic interest so if you do get into romantic messages and you're asking about somebody that you are not romantically connected to just filter those out and remember to only take what resonates now if this does resonate there will be an extended where we are going to look at what is next for this connection what is next for the both of you and what you can expect in the upcoming few months with this person but we have four piles to choose from today starting with pile one we have the super lunaris tarot as well as this beautiful larimar palm stone and then for pile two we have the moon power tarot and this beautiful thulite heart and then for pile 3 we have the luna soul tarot as well as this golden healer palm stone and then finally for pile 4 we have the mystic mondays tarot as well as this amethyst carved gemstone so go ahead and pause the video if you need to to decide which pile you feel most drawn to it's absolutely okay to be drawn to more than one you could be asking about multiple people you could really be asking about whatever you want um there's really no right or wrongs here take what resonates discard what doesn't information is useless to you unless it brings you some sort of benefit so don't let anything take from you once you've picked your pile or piles you can go ahead and scroll down to the description box or the comment section where i will have all the time stamps for each pile listed below and then once you have picked your pile or piles we will go ahead and get into your reading hi there pile one if you guys chose the larimar palm stone and the super lenaris tarot this is going to be your reading all about how the person on your mind first saw you what their first impressions were versus how they see you now so i'm going to go ahead and start by shuffling your tarot and we'll start by looking at their first impressions of these you are a little bit sticky aren't they so in this reading today we'll be looking at their first impressions and then we'll look at how how they see you now we'll finish off with some advice from your spirit guides and then if this resonates you will have the option to extend it down below where we will be what is in the near future for this connection and where this connection is headed reminder that this does not have to be a romantic connection this can be any type of connection that you're asking for but take any romance connections if you're asking about a platonic or familial connection let those just fly on by so a spirit how did the person on yeah okay that's too many that's too many okay but this one must come out how did the person on pilot's mind um first see pile one okay we have the page of pentacles we have the eight of swords how else did they see tile one spirit okay um this is a random message we also have the ace of pentacles the queen of wands in reverse um i don't know if anybody's into the jonas brothers but as i was setting up for this reading i just heard like sweet mama it's the jonas brothers which is from an episode of hannah montana um so maybe that's significant but like i don't know why it just popped in my head and it felt significant to say um we also have the nine of wands let's take two more please spirit we have the knight of cups in reverse we have the world upright and on the back of the deck is this the nine yeah we have the nine of swords in reverse this is some energy okay so now let's look at your oracles so to start we have the sacral chakra the frequency of the sacral chakra the orange flower of life supports our ability to flow with our desires stimulates our creative power to manifest success and abundance in our lives we also have number seven personal growth we have forgiveness i acknowledge that harboring resentment blocks the flow of love we also have the gazelle we have security we have afraid of the attic and we have i am sacred so there is a lot of orange and purple energy out here um which will represent the sacral chakra as well as the crown or third eye chakras i also think it's interesting that you picked the larimar um palm stone because larimar is a very watery looking stone and water is the element associated with the sacral chakra now i can definitely see that this person i feel like you met this person when you were either going through a rough time or you were coming out of a difficult time this person definitely noticed that you were not on your a game so to speak um and maybe that's because at that time you didn't even know what your a game was they recognized that there was an inherent specialness to you and that you had been working hard to improve yourself i don't know if you have mutual friends with this person or something like that because with forgiveness to be out here for their first impressions they may have noticed um they may have known about things that happened in your past that you'd been letting go of or they had noticed that despite your difficult experiences you weren't stopping those from allowing you to be somewhat open and i stay somewhat open because we definitely have some energies of resistance here and some energies of mental mental fatigue and also just like mental hyperactivity um this could have been manifesting as like anxious thoughts or anxiety in general with the gazelle being here um there's definitely some hyper vigilance to when this first when this person first met you they definitely saw you to be somebody very graceful um if there was some attraction here i feel like they definitely even if this is a platonic like connection i feel like this person noticed either that like you had a really nice figure or that the way you moved was really graceful you could be a dancer or something like that or just enjoy dancing in your free time but it was very obvious to this person that there were parts inside of you that you were very clearly trying to hide from the world but maybe not doing the best job at doing so um maybe you weren't doing a good job at it but this person is just good at reading other people but from what i could from what i can see here this person could tell that you were kind of doing your best to just feel secure with where you're at especially with the security card here which represents the root chakra um it definitely seems like you were focused on your survival focused on doing what it is that you needed to do and if this was a romantic interest it seems like you weren't really open and receptive to anything that this person may have been trying to offer you um or it may have been clear that you were overcoming a really difficult relationship and so maybe your view of connections or romance in general was just not something on your mind i feel like this person kind of saw you a bit as a kid like not like literally a child but just very youthful in spirit but still very tired it's like kind of this paradoxical energy where on one hand um you've been through some but on the other there's still a naivete to you i feel like this person recognized that you're one tough cookie and that you weren't allowing your struggles to hold you back but they could definitely tell that you were exhausted um for some of you you may have been like working or you may have met them like after work because it definitely seems like you were trying to stay present in the moment when you met this person but it was very obvious to this person that you had other things going on they also saw you as somebody with a very solid future like even if you didn't have anything to feel secure with at that time i think that this person noticed that you had great potential for success and that um especially with the ace of pentacles and the page of pentacles being here it's like they saw you as as um starting a new journey of some kind um they could just tell that you were going places and that you would figure these things out with the eight of swords being here as well as the knight of swords nine of swords in reverse i think that this person could definitely tell that you were a bit on edge and like you weren't fully present and i think they could tell as well that you may have been like suspicious of them or just on edge in general there's definitely things like where this person this person was trying to be very respectful towards you and not say anything that might like trigger you or um make you distrust them because i think that they could tell right away that you were a really special person um and arguably everyone can everybody is special so like duh but i i feel like there is there's just this part of you where maybe you didn't see your own sacredness that this person could see i definitely feel like if this is a romantic interest they had romantic feelings for you but i don't think that they expressed them or they didn't express them very much or they may have felt rejected if they did express them because it doesn't seem like you were very receptive it definitely seems like you had more important things on your mind and it definitely seems like you were kind of closed off to them with the queen of wands being in reverse here i do think that there was a part of you that may have been a bit defensive or just like not very confident in who you were which kind of confused this person because they either found you to be very very attractive or and slush or just very magnetic there is a vibrant energy to you where you kind of light up a room and it's almost like your spark was dimmed a little bit and this person could notice that it's it's almost like this person was kind of confused why you weren't more confident in yourself but they assumed it had something to do with your past or the things that you had been going through with the world card being here you could have gone through like some significant ending like a graduation or um moving or the end of our relationship for a lot of you i almost get the vibe like this could have been the end of a relationship and it doesn't have to be a romantic one it could be a platonic one as well or maybe just an ending of multiple relationships but one thing's for sure it seems like this person was kind of they couldn't help but be fixated on you um it's almost like they wanted to know what sort of demons you were battling it kind of seems like they were they were trying to read you more but you weren't really letting them in especially with this afraid of the addict card being here it's almost like this person didn't want to be disrespectful by kind of prying into your life but they they definitely saw you as somebody that had a lot a lot of opportunities coming their way i think they also saw you as somebody very generous so like maybe if you met this person in a public place like maybe you were um buying drinks for everyone or like um getting a gift for someone or something like that it's almost like this person noticed that you were very generous towards your friends and if you had any difficult people in your in your friend group or around you they noticed that you didn't take their energy too much to heart but there was this energy here where this person like really desired you but recognized that you were very closed off to that energy so if this was like a platonic um connection i definitely feel like this person wanted to be closer friends with you immediately um but they felt like you were kind of closed off to that and i think that this person may have been a bit fearful of rejection but also they may have felt like they didn't want to push you too quickly or pry because i didn't want you to be suspicious of them and they really just wanted to they just hoped that they came across okay because they didn't want to push you too hard or risk any potential connection that you two could have i feel like this person really wanted to talk to you more deeply i get the vibe that you met this person in a really public way where you couldn't really have a deeper conversation but i think that's what this person really wanted if they did make some sort of move on to you that you rejected i feel like this person noticed that you're not not the type of person to hold on to things like you didn't hold on to a grudge or anything like that it seems like you just kind of let it go and continued going about your day or night i definitely think as well this person if this person knew about what you were dealing with in your past i do think that they were incredibly impressed by your ability to overcome i think that they may have felt a deeper connection to you or they may have realized that even though you were kind of out of off your game or not in your element or not not being your truest self like they knew that there were really impressive elements to you and like they wanted to have the opportunity to see more of that because they just saw you as somebody that there was so much more than meets the eye and it's like they were almost kind of frustrated that you were in this energy because they wanted to get to know your truer self and they weren't able to so i definitely think that this person was trying their best to get to know you while still while still like maintaining a respectful distance with the world card being here as well i almost feel like your energy was in a fixed place where they couldn't really no matter what environment you were in it's like your energy wasn't changing and so i think this person had some sort of awareness like i'm definitely going to need to catch this person at a better time or continue to get to know them because i'm not going to really i'm not going to really get to know them right now and i think they could also tell as well that you were really tired and um if you were if you were like out or something like that i feel like this person noticed that you are definitely doing this for the people that you care about you weren't doing it because you enjoyed it or something like that but yeah there's definitely a defensiveness to you and like a part of you that was just really on guard i don't think i feel like this person felt like you weren't really paying them any mind or paying them any attention um and i feel like they wanted more of your attention but they didn't want to like freak you out or scare you so i i feel like it was kind of like oh i really want pile one to notice me more but i don't want pile one to feel like i'm trying too hard or i don't want pile one to be turned off or be suspicious of me so this person was just kind of in this push and pull energy where like they didn't want to be too intense but at the same time it's like they really wanted to get to know you better they really wanted to understand you more and i feel like they saw you as somebody really solid you they could have met you when you were like a student or um working like at an internship or an apprenticeship of some kind i feel like they saw you as somebody that really has the potential for a bright future and one vibe that i'm getting is that once again if you were around like mutual friends or if you had friends around you they might have been kind of confused why you were friends with some of these people because your energies may have been different or they may have just felt like you didn't vibe with them as much or that you had a very distinct energy unlike the people in your group um but definitely with the afraid of the added card being here it's like very obvious you were trying to let go of your woes for the time being and you were struggling to do that it's like your typical dynamic self just wasn't really coming through we have a lot of fire energy here aries leo sagittarius and a little bit of earth virgo capricorn taurus energies as well as the world we have the fixed energies of leo taurus um aquarius and scorpio but i definitely think that this person was like really drawn to you wanted to know more about you wanted to kind of get to the bottom as to why you were dealing with this energy why you were feeling this way but they didn't want to be intrusive and they didn't want to they didn't want to bother you for some of you um you could have gotten particularly uh what's the word inebriated and that may have been something where like this person felt really protective over you or like wanted to make sure you were okay there is a sweetness to this person where like they were just very um they were very aware of themselves and very worried that their energy wouldn't come across in an authentic way especially because they could tell that maybe you were overly suspicious of really anyone trying to get to know you so it's like they didn't want to they wanted to get to know you as much as possible without intruding on your boundaries or without turning you off so i feel like this person really couldn't get the best gauge of you at first because you were you had some walls up and you were pretty pretty guarded so let's go ahead now and look at how they see you now i'm pretty excited to look at that because i don't know i kind of get this vibe like for a lot of you you've maybe known this person for a while um or at least long enough for there to be significant change in your energy okay we have the ace of cups and the magician coming out but um because i haven't reshuffled these i'm gonna put them back in i definitely think that there may have been um some heightened emotions when this person first met you but i don't necessarily know if they were coming from you i feel like they could have been coming from the people around you and you may have just been like responding to it as best as you possibly could i just heard like caught between a rock and a hard place so it kind of seems like this person was working with what they had but didn't necessarily have much to work with in the first place so [Applause] okay so spirit what does the person on pile one's mine what do they think how do they see pile one now okay we have the three of swords in reverse definitely a lot of mental energy this is the two of cups we have the ace of wands i'm hearing the song honeymoon fades by sabrina carpenter in my head right now we also have the hanged man or in this deck the suspended one we have these seven of pentacles what else spirit we have the ten of pentacles in reverse we have the what is this the nine of cups the nine of cups in reverse and on the back of the deck we have the ten of wands upright okay let's look at your oracles to start we have patience pause before you take action divine timing is at work be patient and play whilst you wait we have relationship change and we have envy i am the same as everybody but with different challenges we also have starfish we have i am a healer and we have concentration i'm a little bit confused i feel like you guys had one more oracle card music aha there it is we okay yeah we have the heart eater so wow um okay this person feels like they're shut out in some sort of way maybe it's because you got into a relationship or maybe it's because um this person wasn't serious about you you have a very fierce energy to you and there's a lot more blues here um than in your past spread with the three of swords in reverse i feel like this person is recognizing that you've gone through a lot of healing but they definitely feel like they're on the outside looking in i feel like they wish they were closer to you than they are right now if you're dating this person um i'd be a little bit surprised only because it does kind of seem like you're focused on yourself or you're just kind of focused on what it is that you need to do i feel like this person is recognizing that um you've either got a lot going on or you're not really in a rush to change how things are in your life it is quite possible you're still not really open to sort of like any emotional emotional connections or things like that or if you are already in a relationship i feel like this is somebody who's seeing you in a relationship with somebody else and might be a bit a bit jealous of that um but this could also be that this person is maybe jealous of your growth and and how far you've come with this concentration card being here this is the third eye chakra i feel like this person has noticed you've dedicated a lot to your own healing and with the starfish cart being here i feel like this person is probably seeing you on social media or seeing you in um in very like fleeing ways where they're not really getting to see the deeper parts of you they want to but at the same time i think there's a part of them that's afraid of being hurt or afraid that you won't be open to them i feel like they know that there's more than than meets the eye to you like they know that you wouldn't just shut them out for no reason um you could have had a reason to shut them out or maybe you're just busy i definitely think though this person recognizes that maybe you're putting any effort towards this connection or you're not you're not really focused on yourself i feel like this i mean you're not really focused on them you're focused on yourself is one really attracted to you or one hoping or two hoping that they can almost reestablish some sort of connection with you they they definitely feel like they're not in your inner circle and i feel like they want to be they also feel like you're not really concentrated on them you're you're focused on other things on other and there may be like burdens this person has associated to you like if there's any difficulties in this connection i feel like this person carries those and doesn't really know how to how to relieve that but i also think that this could just be this person notices that you're really busy and maybe you've been investing a lot into yourself i also think that um since you've met this person to now you've definitely claimed some sort of independence for yourself or excuse me um or this person may realize like the people around you didn't even know you the like well i'm hearing right now that beyonce song like they don't love you like i love you but i feel like this person may have gotten the wrong idea or listened to wrongful advice about you and i feel like they are really upset about that with the relationship change being here i feel like this person wants your relationship to change no matter what kind of relationship you have with them and i feel like the change that they want is something deeper and something more connected to you but i feel like they're afraid of rejection and they're afraid of trying that and then getting a good response with the heart eater here this person may have this idea that like you're a bit of a player or that um you're not somebody who's interested in deeper connections especially with the starfish card being here you may have been really focused on like your physical appearance or like a glow up of some kind i feel like this person is almost waiting in the wings like to make the right move towards you or to make some sort of move because they're not happy with where they're at where you and this where you and them are at in this connection and they notice that you're not really doing anything to change it and maybe you are but they're not interpreting it as that way i feel like maybe this person is feeling like the energy between the two of you is requiring them to stay back like maybe there's something about your energy that is just like no now is not the right time but with this nine of cups in reverse i definitely feel like this person is pretty unhappy with um where your connection is but they definitely hope that you are happy because i think that one thing that they've noticed is that from a distance you're definitely focusing on yourself you're focusing on doing what makes you happy you're not focused on what other people are doing um what other people are saying i feel like this person may hear about you through like mutual friends or just through your social media and it's like they wish they knew more about you they wish they knew more about what was going on with you right now i feel like they've noticed that you've healed a lot and that you've grown and evolved a lot and i feel like they're almost jealous of how much progress you've made because maybe they feel like they haven't made the same progress especially with the the hanged man being here it's almost like you've kind of surrendered to the flow of your own life and this person definitely feels like they haven't really they haven't really achieved the same thing and if you've built something for yourself and you're more successful and just focusing on you maybe this person is a bit jealous that they're not in the same place financially or materially i also feel like this person is struggling because they are a bit impatient when it comes to this connection they almost want they want satisfaction or resolution soon but they know that they have to be patient and they know they have to like just allow this to unfold as it will you're definitely somebody who is putting yourself first and i think that they are trying to learn to do that themselves i feel like one common thread between the two of you is that maybe you both have prioritized others in your past and you both are learning prioritize yourselves now instead but i feel like the difference between you and this person is that i think your your you're learning the ability to protect yourself and still remain open whereas i feel like this person doesn't feel like they can be open and vulnerable and still be able to feel safe and protect themselves i feel like this person has a wish associated to you i just saw um like a dandy like like a dandelion thing just blow by the window um i feel like this person has unfulfilled wishes when it comes to you and i feel like they once again don't want to don't want to ruffle any feathers and don't want to close off the little communication or the little connection that they have with you um i feel like with the starfish being here and the water element as well the emotions shared between the two of you have likely been very surface level i feel like they really want to know you more deeply but it definitely seems like you protect your energy really well and they're not able to it's actually really interesting like even though we're talking about you it's it's even it's through their perception and so i feel like it's like this person maybe they've been waiting a while or they're getting impatient but they know that they just have to continue waiting just have to continue allowing things to unfold as they will i feel like they see you in the distance as this star like maybe you're doing well for yourself or you've got some sort of following and they might be like wondering like who's talking to you um who's who you're entertaining things like that um if you've had a physical connection with this person i definitely think that they're maybe overthinking about who you're entertaining in that way like they may be pretty jealous or like they might literally be thinking up of fake people that you that you're interacting with that are perfect and way better than them and and making themselves feel insecure it's definitely not a good energy for them to be in because they don't have much access to you that's all they can help themselves from doing and that's definitely something that they're gonna have to heal on their own that's not something that you're responsible for i feel like you're really well protected this person wishes that that they could know more about you without having to face you directly maybe because they're just afraid of what you think of them afraid of what you might say maybe this person did some stuff that you're not really happy with or didn't treat you right with that three of swords in reverse it's like maybe this person recognizes that they could that they could have hurt you and they were already aware when they first met you that you're um you were already kind of on on the defense and had already been hurt in the past so it's like maybe they feel they would be in the wrong if they came forward without really being ready to open up in an authentic way or maybe they're afraid of you kind of having the upper hand and being like sorry but i'm not really interested in having you in my life anymore because like i'm in a good place and i'm healing i definitely feel like this person kind of recognizes that the pause button is on this connection but they're they're worried about pressing play or even attempting to press play because they don't know where you're at and they don't know that if if they try to come back in or interact with you they don't want to be shut down because i do think they look up to you and it's almost like if you rejected them or if you didn't want anything to do with them i feel like that would be really painful for them obviously that's not your responsibility um but i feel like it's their ego or their self-esteem really couldn't take that at this time i feel like this person is seeing the results of your hard work but not seeing the hard work that went into it so it's almost like for this person and like they could have blinked and then all of a sudden you're doing really well for yourself you're feeling yourself you're doing well and they're just over here like still kind of struggling still kind of trying to figure their life out and they're like how did pile one do all of this like where did this even come from but i feel they're trying to be patient because they recognize that they have these insecurities and they don't want to project these insecurities onto you and they also don't want to come forward and have you confirm some sort of insecurities about them so it's it's like kind of this twofold thing where they don't want to be rejected by you and they also don't want you to confirm any interferes that they have because they recognize that you have an ability to read people um the hanged man has piscean energy attached to it and i definitely think that you're a lot more emotionally astute and like emotionally in tune i think you've healed a lot of the a lot of the energy that you were in when you were when you first met this person and now that you've released a lot of that there's more room for you to be more attuned and aware to what's going on around you is just recognizing that they want more here like whether it's a more solid friendship a deeper connection but they're almost holding themselves back because one they're afraid of the change it might result two they're afraid of the rejection that might come might come their way and three it's almost like they need to get over their own ego and their own jealousy issues before they can come forward in an authentic way because they also don't want to affect you with their energy i do think there's a triggering element of you for this person where because you're doing well or because they perceive you to be doing well let's remember like even if you feel like you're you're sinking or really struggling people will judge you based on their perceptions of you not based on what they can't see so based on their perception they feel like you're doing really well and not only that with this ace of wands here i feel like they may think you have a lot of suitors or that um you're having a lot of fun in life and that you don't necessarily need anyone else around or that you don't need this person involved i definitely think that they're burdened by their thoughts of you and instead of kind of facing them and facing the energy they're dealing with i feel like they just have this hope that these energies will pass and um they'll either get over you slash this connection or this connection will come around and they'll have an opportunity to take action or you'll take action towards them but that is the vibe i am getting in terms of how they are seeing you now so i am going to go ahead and finish the free part of this reading off with some channeled messages from your spirit guides this could relate to the reading or this may have nothing to do with the reading i just wanted you to have some sort of element for yourself to hold on to so spirit what advice do you have for pile one when it comes to their life in general and slash or this connection please we have cat it's time to strike out on your own and relinquish your over dependency on others which i feel like you're not struggling with that but if you are maybe that's a sign maybe it's over dependency on on self if you're struggling with hyperindependence maybe it's a sign to like reach out to people if you if you need help i'm gonna butcher this but i'll try puyo it's a hawaiian owl your ancestral spirit guides are offering you guidance now so pay close attention to signs and omens from [Music] them we have meerkat get support from a trusted group of like-minded friends and we have falcon act on the opportunity that's before you and commit to it without equivocation and on the back of the deck we have stand up for yourself and speak your truth respectfully and compassionately with no attachment to outcome i think this is really important because depending on your connection to this person you may not really be interested in continuing a connection with them or you may be feeling like there's things you want to say to them but you're not sure how they'll take it and so i feel like your guys are really telling you you're not responsible for the outcome of speaking your truth like if you have things on your mind or on your plate that you want to talk about i think your guides are really telling speak your truth and not be afraid of what what the result may be i also feel like with this ten of wands being here you may be putting like too much on your plate because you feel a need to prove yourself or like i said you might have some sort of hyperindependence where you feel like you kind of need to do it all yourself and maybe this person wants to help you or wishes that you are more honest about the struggles that you're going through so i think if um maybe you want this person in your life more i feel like they would be really open to hearing from you or really open to talking about life or just talking about things with you i feel like this person more than anything just wants to talk to and they're kind of hoping that i don't like this but i will be honest about what i'm hearing they're kind of hoping that you're not doing as well as they perceive you to be because they don't feel like they're doing too great and they're honestly kind of jealous that you seem to be living your life and doing really well yeah i feel like you just existing makes this person kind of insecure which is not your problem and not your fault but yeah i i'm really curious to know who this person is or how you're connected to them because there's a lot of interesting energies here and i'm not sure how much of them will be for each viewer but definitely let me know how it resonates but i am going to go ahead and move over to the extended now where we are going to look at what is next in this connection the future of this connection but if you are leaving me here thank you so so so much for watching and thank you so much for watching my ads that is the simplest and easiest way to support me but if you would like to support me in other ways you can like this video you can comment down below let me know how it resonates you can subscribe if you haven't already and you can click that little bell notification to be part of my notification squad um you can also check out my social media which will be linked below though do be aware i have tons of scammers that impersonate me and pretend to be me so if it is not linked below it is not mine and i do not offer personal reading so if someone pretends to be me and is offering you a personal reading they are a dang liar um and i also have merch and i think that's all i have so thank you guys so so so much for letting me do this reading for you and letting me read your cards i really hope that you all have a wonderful day or night whenever it is that you're watching this video and i hope you'll come back and see me again soon bye hi there pile too if you guys chose the thule heart oh my god it's a heart on a heart anyway and the moon power tarot this is going to be your reading all about how the person on your mind what their first impressions of you were versus how they see you now if you skipped the intro i will mention that if this reading is resonating and you're enjoying it there will be an extended link down below where we are going to look at the future of this connection more specifically like the near future of this connection and see what you can expect by no means are you required just there there if you want it just grateful to have you here i'm just in love so spirit what was the first impression that the person on pile two's mind had of them when they first met okay so we have the two of swords in we have the hermit upright we have what is this the is this the seven of cups yeah this is the seven of cups um i'm hearing the song your love by nicki minaj or should i say nicki minjaj uh we have the seven of pentacles for some of you i get the vibe that you met this person online um we also have the empress we have the nine of swords in reverse we have the king of cups upright and on the back of the deck we have the four of wands upright this is actually really beautiful energy um okay let's look at your oracles now so to start we have alchemy the frequency of alchemy activates our magical ability and remembrance of the magic that we all hold inside each one of us have the potential to access the ancient knowledge that allowed the true alchemist to perform the miracles of transmutation you guys got two of these cards so we have death i'm learning that endings are merely beginnings and patience i accept that everything happens in divine order we have surrender we have your light we have love we have the golden egg and finally we have i am determined with some capricorn energy there so this is really interesting for some of you like i'm getting two vibes here this is either a romantic interest or this is something like apparent it's really interesting to have such intense feelings a first impression um and for some of you it almost does feel like this is apparent um one because we have the empress card here as well as um as well as like the death and patience to like the ending of waiting with the seven of pentacles that also indicates patience too it almost feels like this energy where like this could be a parent like waiting so long to meet you and um the celebration of having you here and the beautiful energy of that for others this could have definitely this could definitely be like an intense connection or something where well that was a motorcycle that sounded like a fart um this is an energy where this person like i don't know if i i believe in love at first sight but this person definitely does because i think that's what they were feeling i mean the fact that we have love with the heart chakra the golden egg is also the heart chakra um and we have the king of cups and the empress here something about your energy just touched this person at their core and it's like they couldn't help but just unapologetically feel love for you which is why it would make sense if if it's a parent because it's like yeah usually i'm not a parent myself but i'm pretty sure uh parents are inclined to feel that way about their children most of the time hopefully i definitely feel like but for others this could definitely be like meeting this person for the first time in person like if you met them online or something it's like when this person met you any worries or any confusion that they had relinquished it's like they knew immediately how they felt about you and like with the hermit card here i feel like you're really the only person that like could get them to take their focus away from their own interests we have virgo energy here with with the hermit the empress is ruled by venus so that would be libra and taurus energy and with the king of cups we also have cancer scorpio and pisces energy involved here more scorpio with the death card but i feel like this person just immediately felt drawn to your energy they were very very attracted to you or if they're your parent they thought you were very beautiful they thought you were just like absolutely perfect they saw you as well worth the wait and it's like they they any worries or anything that they were over thinking about before they met you it's like they were immediately relinquished once they were able to be with you in person there was a real dedication like i will do anything for you and it almost kind of confused them because they never thought that they could have such deep and intense feelings for somebody that they just met i also feel like maybe this person was going through some difficult endings in their life for those of you where this might be apparent like you know the difficult ending of maybe you know only focusing on themselves to having this whole other human to care for um or if this is a romantic interest it's like maybe this was a death of their singledom or a death of living life without knowing of your existence or without feeling the intensity of existing with i feel like you activated something in this person when you met them it's like a light came on that they weren't aware of before and being with you was a very joyful experience it's almost like any worries or fears that they had were immediately surrendered because the the magnetic energy of being around you just kind of completely overtook any anxious thoughts or worries this person could have i feel like this person is definitely used to dealing with a lot of darkness or used to kind of expecting the worst out of people but it's like the light that you emanated from your energy was such a breath of fresh air and like i just keep hearing worth the wait um with i am determined in this capricorn energy being here i definitely feel like this just upon meeting you was one really impressed by your work ethic if this was a parent i do get the vibe more so that it was a mother that it could be your mother um and maybe like if this is a mother you could have taken like a long time to she or they could have had like a really long labor with you or um maybe like your labor could have been like challenging like maybe you almost lost your life or something like that and you were determined to stay and um it was just a really it was just a time to be joyous and celebrate that you were here uh but for those of you where this is a romantic connection i definitely feel like this person was really impressed by your tenacity by your work ethic and by the fact that like you weren't freaked out by their intensity i feel like there's intensity on both sides but for this person maybe they experienced in the past like people weren't ready to handle their intensity people weren't ready to to receive all of them and this person just saw you as like so powerful and so accepting of them and who they truly were it's like you were just golden to this person they they experience something new no matter who this person is to you they experienced a new energy when they met you in person for the first time for some of you just heard this is like maybe you haven't met this person yet and this is what will be but which is interesting because this is technically supposed to be more past tense energy but with that being said i mentioned that energy of being activated and it's like your energy just completely pierced through a lot of um a lot of doubts that they had about themselves a lot of doubts about where they were going in life and it's like if they they had this realization that everything that they were doing in their life was bringing them to now bringing them to meeting you and i feel like the moment that they met your like looked at you in your eyes like they were done for like it was just like they felt that love and they couldn't they couldn't help it so many things that they couldn't see before were abundantly clear with you in their in their energy in their circle they were really grateful that they didn't fight the experiences that got them to this point because once they were able to be face to face with you it's like everything made sense and like they finally understood why they had to go on such an insane journey why they had to go through all of this craziness and it was like all the seeds that they had planted to get to this moment were worth it and they realized that they didn't need to question the universe so much because they could actually really trust what the universe was showing them they also felt like you had a really beautiful balance of masculine and feminine energy you seem to be like a very well i just heard like a very happy baby um so if this is a parent that's coming through but for those of you where this is not a parent i feel like this person saw you as somebody that was just so light-hearted and go with the flow but at the same time like very intuitive and tapped into your surroundings i feel like this person really appreciated the lengths that you went to either like dress up or look good for them like they felt they were really attracted to you once again that's if this person isn't a parent take it as it resonates um they were really they they felt like they liked your style they felt like you were adorned really beautifully if you have any piercings i feel like they really liked the the jewelry that you were wearing in for your piercings but oh my gosh this person is so sappy like you pierce their heart they just they didn't know what love was until they met you and this is really beautiful energy they and it gave them this newfound desire to continue pushing towards life to continue doing what they wanted to achieve to continue going after their dreams it's like so much that they doubted about themselves so much that they didn't understand about the world it was like your presence coming into their life like immediately made so many things make sense there may have been a lot of things that i feel like this person felt very sure of themselves before they met you and after they met you they they just were completely confused but in the best way possible like wow i really i really didn't have everything figured out there i really didn't know um everything that i thought that i should and with this king of cups energy i feel like this person just these deep emotions were stirred within them that that they were not anticipating and maybe they didn't share those with you because like they didn't want to be too intense about it like they could have kept these emotions more hidden just kind of allowed the joy of the moment to take importance i feel like this person just did not want to scare you away or freak you out by the intensity of their emotions one thing oh my gosh yeah with the sun being here as well it's like even if this person is used to a lot of darkness or is a little bit more on the emo side or just not really not really someone to be very peppy or or look at things from an optimistic perspective it's like you couldn't help but light up this person's world like they were just absolutely enamored by you and meeting you or being with you for the first time was just such a such a joyful experience for them and i feel like with this your light card like these two cards kind of seem just very similar to me and i think the reason why that is is they're both contrasted with this dark background but then the figure and the candle in them just stand out so much you just lit up the room you just made every moment we're celebrating you made every like single second count and i feel like this person almost got lost in i just heard loss in the sauce but like lost in the energy with you like they were like a moth to a flame almost where they just couldn't help but but be around your energy and and be around you being with you was such a beautiful time a beautiful experience for them and they just wanted to take in every moment like they felt love for you the moment they met you and maybe they didn't want you to know that because it's a bit intense and this is intense especially for a first meeting they felt like there was really nowhere to go but up and they were really really excited to see where things would go and see how things would turn out so let's see how views you now because this is some intense energies i must say so i'll get these oracles out and we will re-shuffle these i honestly like the reason why the parent thing well obviously like the parent thing was just coming through but i'm like who else could feel such intense feelings for someone upon just first meeting which i i mean i think definitely can't happen it's just rare you know what i mean and by all means just because i don't know how i feel about love at first sight doesn't mean it doesn't exist i'm just saying take that with a grain of salt because it kind of seems like this person does or at least when it comes to you they did let's do one more spirit okay so spirit how does the person on pile two's mind see a pile to now please okay we have the six of wands we have the queen of cups we have the fool in reverse well spirit we have the king of wands border collies could be significant i think that's the dog in here oh spirit we have the three of swords i just heard big oof when i shuffled that we have the seven of pentacles in we have the tower oh wow higher fit okay what's underneath that i literally don't even know what that is what is this oh i think it's the eight of cups but i'm like what is this supposed to be the eight of ostriches like wow okay so let's look at your oracles now to start we have received be open to receiving goodness believe you are worthy of abundance a gift is coming to you soon interesting we have more bee imagery here we have effort and we have loneliness i know that i am never alone we have lamb we have i surrender we have healing we have the ungrateful daughter and the earthly mother and we have green okay so it definitely seems like some intense things have happened in i almost feel like i'm looking at a story and i feel like this person hurt you or feels hurt by how the situation happened the vibe that i'm getting is either this person created a situation that they that caused pain to you that they really regret and slash or a situation outside of both of your control caused a lot of pain to both you and and it's been hard for them to deal with but i get the vibe like for more of you it's the first let me get a sip of water really regrets how they treated you with the ungrateful daughter and the earthly mother i feel like this person took this love that they had with you for granted maybe they realized only in hindsight the feelings that they felt upon their first impressions of you were love like maybe they didn't recognize those feelings before and it's interesting that we have the energy of surrender in both piles you've distanced yourself from this person and focused on your own healing and they don't blame you they recognize that that maybe you're open to to receiving their energy but you're not going to go out of their out of your way to communicate with them and they understand that it's interesting that the lamb came out because the vibe that i'm getting is that it it's less lamb energy and more like this person is acting very sheepish towards you and i feel like they they are angry at themselves for their own weaknesses and they recognize that they hurt someone very precious to them and with the six of wands here it's like they didn't celebrate this connection enough when they had it or they didn't they didn't support you enough when they with the healing card here they see you as not needing them and they see you as on your own healing i feel like they they wish they would have understood what they had when they had it and it seems like you're kind of off with your support systems the people closest to you and they wish that they could be a part of that but at the same time they may be intimidated by your friend group or intimidated by the people around you because they may know that because those people may know what um what they did to you my head hurts like doing this reading and i feel like this person has had a bit of a headache realizing maybe that you walked away from them or there was something more important to you than them and i think what was more important to you was your own journey yourself and is like either very lonely without you realize that you're fine to be alone and maybe they felt like in the past maybe one reason they took you for granted is because they thought that you would never you would never want to be without them or that your desire for company for people that understand you your desire for support super normal um but their support specifically was stronger than anything else like this person may have felt like you had an intense fear of being alone and so they thought that maybe they didn't have to be as focused on you or they felt like they could kind of do what they wanted and it would be fine because you would forgive them or you would always be there like with this queen of cups energy i feel like this still sees you as an incredibly compassionate human being and sees you as somebody who has successfully overcome difficulties in this connection without they recognize that it's hard to see you doing well in their eyes like it's hard to see you living your life and doing amazing things it seems like you surrendered and i feel like this person has had a really hard time reconciling with that like you may have severed this connection really suddenly a sudden event may have severed this connection and it seems like this person is still reeling in ways that you're not and this person may be reeling because they realize now like the mistakes that they made and the fact that they they didn't they didn't honor you they didn't honor the connection they didn't honor what you both had and they may see you receiving things from others or they may see you receiving good things and they might be kind of jealous or they might be kind of sad that they're not the ones giving those to you i for some of you i don't feel like it's jealousy i feel like it's kind of shame like this person couldn't provide you those things and as a result they feel like they feel like less of a person i wanted to say less of a man um but obviously that's not going to resonate for all of you but i did want to mention that that's what came through they feel like you're putting in a lot of effort to achieve your own dreams and kind of putting them in the past and that hurts them but it may be very well justified like i almost feel like maybe you really went above and beyond for this person they didn't appreciate that i feel like i feel like you almost sacrificed some goals as well that you wanted in order to try to make this person happy or to try to keep this situation balanced or keep this person happy with what was going on between the two and now they realize that they that they really messed up in some sort of way with the higher fit being here i feel like this person is either seeking therapy or maybe maybe based on your suggestion to maybe they've seen that that it's really helped you and they need help as well but they recognize that you're a catch and that you deserve a lot and that you're receiving good things from the universe and i feel like this person is hurt that they're not a part of that i feel like they miss you a lot but they also recognize that they may not deserve a spot by your side with the seven of pentacles in reverse as well it's like they may have created some self-fulfilling prophecies here like they didn't allow things to unfold in a very like in a they didn't allow things to unfold in a in a natural way like you seem to have an energy that's very go with the flow but they weren't really willing to do that they may have had a controlling energy and you may have tried to handle that but it reached a point where you just couldn't anymore and you've taken control of your own life and i think you see things really clearly if this person isn't a good source to have in your life or wasn't a good source in your life they may be kind of upset that you've seen through them fully or they may be upset that the love that you shared isn't enough for you to overlook the qualities that hurt you they see you building building yourself up and and healing and evolving and also not being afraid to speak your truth anymore this healing this purple healing card here i would point at it but like honestly i feel exhausted in this pile like i feel so tired and like i don't i don't even have the energy to like move my hands like i just want to keep them down but that purple healing card represents the throat chakra and i feel like this person this person is really sad i feel like oh listen this is a side note i don't know if this person partakes in like party drugs like like mdma or something like that but this feels like it feels like they they've been really in this this it feels like they've been taking things that haven't been legal and they're dealing with like the side effects of it like really extreme come downs like i feel like i'm dealing with a come down and this come down quite honestly could be the come down of like the illusion of love being shattered or the illusion that they were safe in this connection being shattered and i feel like it's not your fault i feel like it's something that you that you worked your hardest to like keep to keep in general and i feel like this person didn't put in any effort at all and it's like your softness the the kindness that you used to extend to them you don't extend to them anymore and with the tower card being there it's i feel like their world has come crumbling down in a lot of ways and they see you living they see you thriving and i feel like they're really bummed about that and i don't know if they're bummed because they don't get to be a part of it or or they're bummed from an egoic perspective where they want to be doing better or they want to be they want to be on the same level as you with the hierophant being here though they feel like there's a deeper spiritual experience to everything that you've gone through together and they're trying to give this situation up to the universe because at this point they don't really know what they can say or do and they don't feel like you'd be very receptive to them they see you as just doing better than them in general and this person kind of has a dramatic energy where they're like just leave me here to die like i'm fine like they kind of have wounded moose energy you know like when you just moan like a wounded moose that's kind of what they seem like i'm not gonna lie tapping into their energy i feel incredibly drained and i feel like this person could have been incredibly draining for you and so if you did if you did place boundaries with this person or separate yourself from this person i will say i feel like you made the right decision maybe not forever but like it i feel like this person needed a wake-up call and they weren't going to get it if you just continue to allow this behavior to happen but it seems like this person was really was really draining your energy too and they weren't honoring the person that you were they weren't seeing you and all of your divinity and beauty they i feel like they kind of saw you more as a trophy and something that they could you know kind of show off but at the same time it's like even though they were proud to have you by their side it feels like they didn't even they didn't do anything to show you that honestly at the beginning dude if this person love bombed you that's not right like this person definitely could have love bombed you and that's why we saw like that intense loving energy because i feel like the difficult thing with people like that is the energy actually is pretty sincere it's just that it changes very quickly based upon how this person changes maybe is very fickle or sabotages good things or sabotages things that come into their life because they don't really know how to sit with themselves but i almost feel like this person is a bit addicted to their own pain and it kind of seems like you've had to separate yourself for good reasons because they're not they're not a productive energy in your life or anyone's life oh god yeah this person's energy is like kind of exhausting me so i'm gonna like distance myself from it and have my guides come through for the rest of it but this person is going through a very necessary of coming to terms with their own behavior i feel like what's important to say is they're not so far gone that they can't see their own flaws and mistakes i think it's just that maybe they have a lot of ego and they don't like to see their own flaws and mistakes and the way that this situation occurred it's like they may have had to face a lot of difficult feelings a lot of difficult energy that they were much more comfortable with pretending like it didn't exist and it seems like the situation the energies around you or the situation between the two of you um came to a point where either you couldn't deny it anymore and showed them the truth or the universe showed them the truth and you took the signs and took your energy elsewhere and i feel like this person misses you but at the same time it's they're too prideful to even admit i feel like they they still like have love for you from afar and they love to see you succeed they love to see you doing well but they hate they hate the idea that that other people may have your energy that that you may be investing your energy in other people so i feel like this person tries to keep their mind off of you and truth be told this is a collective reading so remember like the most intense energies may not resonate and this may not be like this may not be for all of you but yeah i feel like this person this person has some kind of problematic energies they may have projected on to you or they may have implicated you in and i feel like you did the right thing and kind of severed yourself from it and they don't they don't blame you honestly i feel like even if this person has some issues they're at least self-aware enough to recognize that you deserve better and deserve more which i think is saying a lot i feel like they see you growing from a distance and they're jealous but at the same time they're happy for you because at the end of the day they want you to thrive but i do feel like especially with that green card being here maybe a green card could be significant i feel like this person really like like they they're proud of your growth but they're sad they're not there to witness it side by side and i also feel like with that green energy being here they could be using substances to kind of distance themselves from their own emotions they're shocked that you don't hate them or that you're not afraid of them maybe you do and maybe you are but they don't pick up on that um and i think with the hierophant being here it's like this person has kind of given the situation up to the universe um because the tower of illusions that they were standing on has has crumbled they've realized that there are a lot of things that they were in the wrong about and i don't think that they're doing too well with that and you know what's really interesting is that this is supposed to be about you and how they see you but it's how they see you through and how that makes them feel about themselves so like this person is even hijacking the reading to be about that still so i feel like if you felt like this person didn't really have your best interests at heart and loved you more as like a possession than as a person i feel like you're absolutely right about that and i feel like you should not feel shame or feel bad about any steps that you took to distance yourself or protect yourself and if you recognize that you deserve more i think you were absolutely right in thinking that because like just sitting in this energy for a little bit was honestly really really difficult and um really draining so kudos to you for taking your energy back and standing in your power because this is yeah this is not an energy to to be and i can like finally lift my arms up again like even my arms feel like heavy like i just feel like dead weight so wow okay so that's how they're seeing you and really it's how they're seeing themselves but seeing you as well they don't see you as a villain or a bad person they honestly don't blame you for anything that you've done i feel like it's just really painful to think about maybe how they treated you and and how and and what what that's what that's led so i'm gonna finish uh the free portion of this ring off before we head over to the extended uh by looking at uh just some messages from your spirit guides these could have nothing to do with the reading or they could have something to do here i just wanted to give y'all something so that you can get some messages from the universe so spirit what messages do you have for pile too we have shark trust your instincts to discern the truth of the situation yeah i feel like spirit's saying like you trusted your instincts and maybe if maybe this could be a future energy for some of you or like maybe you're like oh wow i should trust my instincts here i should trust what i'm feeling because this is literally how i'm feeling like i wouldn't lie to you guys like i wish i like the reading seems so positive and this is actually something i do want to say situations with people that don't treat you well or even lord forbid abusive situations i'm not just talking about physical but like mental psychological emotional abusers like don't just start out being that way like they do have times where they are on their best behavior they do have times where they are in good energies like that's why people get attached to them and that's why the people that get involved in relationships like that end up feeling almost crazy because it's hard to see a person that can treat you so well but then also so horribly like to see them in both of those lights it's like you're trying to discern who the truest version of them and they always put up a good front a good facade until they feel like they have a good hold on you and then they can start being themselves more so i do just want you to know like if you feel crazy or you feel bad or you feel like you know i should you should have seen the signs before you couldn't have because they were putting up a different a different energy they were putting their best foot forward and unfortunately people like that change um actually one book that i think that you should read is called why does he do that by wendy barncroft let me write it down actually um and you can like screenshot it it's a very helpful book to read if you're dealing with any difficult energies um so it's called why does he do and it's by lundy farm croft okay so here let me make sure that's in there so if that resonates or you want to check that book out and i feel like if you've dealt with any abuse either in this situation or just in the past i feel like honestly it's a book that everyone should read because it it is very enlightening about abusive people and abusive situations and um nobody ever deserves that and please do get help if that is something that you're experiencing but anyway we also have meerkat get support from a trusted group of like-minded friends and that might be something that you're already doing like this person definitely feels threatened by your friends because they see the truth of this person too and i want you to know that like your friends have your back and that they they love you a lot and are going to protect you we also have condor you're too enmeshed in this situation so step back and see the bigger picture before making any decisions or taking action and we also have spider trust the creative spark you're feeling and express it through writing stories that inspire and enlighten and we have siegel now is the time for deep emotional healing and yeah i completely agree with that this is a really difficult situation to be in um honestly i will say i don't know if watching um tarot readings on this person especially if they're a really destructive person is very helpful for you maybe you didn't ask about this person and they just came through anyway and you're meant to hear hear about it um i don't want to like assume your reasons for coming here but i will say you know that you don't deserve any abusive behavior you don't deserve someone to treat you poorly and i'm just sending you all my love and i really hope that you're getting the resources that you need please please please get help if you're not already and do not be afraid to channel what you experience into any creative outlets so that you can um understand those emotions and um try to see them from a different perspective um but i think that's where i'm going to leave this reading there will be an extended but i'm not sure if you guys are going to want to watch it or not um i'm not going to not do it just because i feel like that would be unfair so we are going to be looking at uh the future of this connection but i don't necessarily know what will come through i don't even know if spirit will allow this person's energy to come through so we'll have to see but maybe that's something um you guys need to hear or that's up to you but i am gonna leave this reading here um thank you guys so much for watching i'm sending you all my love and support and i really really hope that um you're getting the support that you need and you know that none of this is your fault and please don't blame yourself but yeah i'm not going to do my typical outro because it just doesn't feel right if i'm being honest so um i'm going to leave this here and if you want to meet me over over in the extended feel free but i absolutely understand if you don't want to thank you so much for being here i really hope you all have a wonderful day or night whenever it is that you're watching this video and i hope you'll come back and see me again soon bye hi there pile three if you guys chose the golden healer palm stone and the luna soul tarot this is going to be your reading i really hope that you'll be able to hear the rain going on in the background it's really soothing welcome to your reading we are going to be looking at your person or the person on your minds first impressions of you versus how they also forgive me if i seem a little spacey or it takes me a second to tap into the energy i had really really intense dreams last night um survived a shipwreck you know intense stuff going on and uh i'm still coming back down to earth but i'm fine and very excited to tap into your energy because i already like it so let's go ahead and start by shuffling your tarot and then we'll lay out your oracles so what does the person on pile three's mine what was their first impressions you have the nine of cups which one do you want this to okay we have the three of pentacles that wants to be upright so we are going to take it upright is the person on their minds what were their first impressions of pile three we have the hanged one in what i'm already getting is that you're hard to pin down i don't know if that's in like a in a suggestive way but i feel like for a first impression it's in more of a figurative way we also have the ten of pentacles the ace of cups in reverse nine of swords in reverse do you want me to shuffle them okay spirit wants me to shuffle one more i felt like things weren't feeling right and so they're like okay one more spirit what was the person on pile three's mind king of wands in reverse and the five of cups on the back of the deck it's interesting the one thing that i've noticed just from doing these readings so far in terms of like people's impressions of others and then how they see them later um there's a lot of like there's a lot of their own energy like the person that you're thinking of their energy comes into it because you know humans are so self-centered we're always thinking about ourselves and so it's like it's always in relation to how we see ourselves okay so let's look at your oracles now to start we have kindness the energy of kindness reminds us to be considerate and wise in our interactions with ourselves and others and to find the root of our love through our connection to source we have honesty i can't always expect the truth from others but i can expect it for myself we have spiritual partnership and we have compassion i love how similar the colors are there we also have gifs to the portal and we have positive energy we have that and we have i can change my thoughts these are definitely very closely tied together okay so you're the person that you're thinking of their first impressions of you were very powerful especially with this tower card being here i don't know if you came into their life in a very unexpected way just the energetic impact of being around you was very startling you could have met this person in a very startling way like spirit's kind of showing me like meet cutes like you know how in like romantic comedies like the protagonists will be like dropping their books or like falling over and then like the the love interest will catch them like i don't think it was like that but i almost feel like this person you came into this person's life in an almost serendipitous way this person felt a connection to you right away and this didn't doesn't have to be in a romantic way this could absolutely be in a platonic way with spiritual partnership here i feel like this person felt an immediate pull towards you and they felt like they were meant to know you for some reason it's like they didn't realize that at the time but the universe was granting some sort of wish of theirs i feel like you could have met this you could have met this person at work with the three of pentacles or um you could have been at work and they were like noticing you working because i do feel like you were moving around like i was hearing your heart you were hard to pin down or something like that so maybe this person was trying to get a read on you but they really couldn't um you could have also been surrounded by family or like friends that you consider family i feel like this person was trying to get an idea of you through the people that you were associating with but your vibe was so much different than the people that you were around or if it wasn't totally different it's like this person was trying to see what was unique to you that wasn't unique to the people surrounding you um and with the ace of cups in reverse and the five of cups upright being here i feel like this was hoping that more would happen between the two of you or that they instantly felt some sort of feeling for you that they didn't want to act on and this feeling doesn't have to be like romantic or anything it could be um they wanted to invest more maybe in a friendship or something like that but they were too burdened by other things but here's the thing i feel like the oracles really speak to the type of person that you are because the fact that we have kindness and compassion here i feel like this person was kind of blown away by the way you interacted with others by your positive energy this is solar plexus energy so this person um took you to be very confident but also very sweet and maybe a little naive they almost saw you in a sort of um we don't have any pages here but i almost get the vibe that this person saw you in like a kid-like fashion um maybe you are younger than them or maybe they just felt they felt like you're kind of purity in terms of like being kind to others and they took that as naivety naivete i don't know if i'm saying that correctly and i mean i feel like this person could recognize that maybe you had been through some some ish um that you were trying to release especially with this back card here but i also feel like you were um they noticed how perceptive you were but the fact that even though you perceived a lot you didn't judge people based upon your perceptions they also noticed that maybe um you had a hard time going with the flow or you kind of like to be in control in certain ways with the king of wands being in reverse here wanted to take charge more in this situation i actually find it really interesting how similar of course i have to mess up everything just to get this here but like the similarity between this positive energy and the king of wands i feel like this king of wands is more representative of your person that doesn't mean that they have to be um like identify as like a man or male or be masculine i just feel like they they kind of have this like intense fiery energy maybe you do as well and that's something they recognized but i feel like there's something about you and your energy that made them painfully aware of ways that they have acted towards others that maybe weren't as enlightened or aligned with them as they thought i feel like they also oh my gosh and i even just noticed too now i have to pick this four king back up like you see how how wide his eyes are i almost feel like this person maybe had some uncomfortable realizations where maybe things that they thought they were doing for positive reasons weren't as positive like this person i just heard like nefarious intentions in my head and i don't know if this person has nefarious intentions but maybe they like maybe they realized where they just weren't being as authentic as they could and genuinely feeling positive energy shook them in a way where they realized that maybe a lot of the people that they hang around or maybe a lot of the energies that they uh associate with are not as pure as they thought i do feel like there was something sad about your meaning oh my gosh we have the knight of wands underneath there i almost feel like your person perceived you as more of a knight of wands um because you kind of just have this energy of being more of like a go-getter i feel like this person saw you as somebody who is going after their dreams and being kind of unapologetic about it i feel like this wasn't sure if they were going to see you again but they really hoped that they would with this gifts to the portal they saw you and honestly this is giving me kind of like a snow white vibe like like you know the innocence and purity to snow white it's like this person saw your spirit and your drive to kind of move forward in life and i feel like it kind of shook them in a way where they were like oh wow i'm really out of alignment with myself and i think that was kind of depressing for them and because with you being over here like once again we just have to comment on how similar these two energies are um they just saw you as very dynamic they could have seen you as very funny um very charismatic but they might have felt a little bit insecure about where they were at in life compared to you it seemed like they were comparing themselves to you even though they may have been further along in life than you are it's just that your outlook on life was very pure in their eyes and your intentions were very pure and so i feel like for them that they were just kind of thinking to like all of their mistakes and the ways that they view things and that maybe they're not very healthy i don't know if you were far away from home or something like that but this person was really interested in knowing about where you came from and like what your family was like you definitely shook them up you you shook them a little bit and i feel like this person as well may have been so i don't want to use the word triggered because i feel like i use it a lot but maybe so um uncomfortable by the realizations that they were having in your presence that they couldn't necessarily be as perceptive about you as they wanted to but the biggest thing that they noticed was how kind they were to others and not only that the fact that they could tell that you meant you mean what you say and you say what you mean if that makes sense like they saw you as somebody very solid somebody that they felt like they could work with or collaborate with in some way i feel like they really enjoyed your creative um creative spark if you do anything creative or they they saw that you had some sort of spark to like make your mark in the world to um do something for yourself and with the nine of cups being here i feel like this person was really really happy to meet you i'm hearing like i'm hearing that song glad you came oh gosh i don't even know who that's by it's so long that's such that's an old song one of those boy bands but not like not like one of not like one direction or big time rush it was like not even that big time the wanted is it the wanted it might be that i could be wrong though but the song is called i'm glad you came like i feel like this person was really happy that they met you um and but i do feel like they were almost trying to control an uncontrollable situation like they wanted to keep you near them they wanted to keep getting to know you and it's like you were kind of all over the place and i don't think that was because like you weren't interested in talking to them but just because like maybe you were involved in other things or you were you just had a lawn on your plate or something like that um but they knew it wasn't like you weren't like doing anything because you weren't you weren't like uh blowing them off or like uh ignoring them or something like that it's literally like they like with this king of wands here it's like they wanted more control of the situation they wanted to explore the energies between the two of you um honeysuckle could be significant uh something i just heard um but it's like they couldn't and that was kind of frustrating i feel like they were kind of they were faced with a lot of realizations that um they weren't as solid as they thought they were once they met you and and i feel like it makes sense with this kind of spiritual energy coming through where this person may have been like oh wow this could be somebody really significant in my life and i don't feel ready to show up for them i don't feel ready to receive them and it's almost like they were getting something that they really wanted from the universe but they were like no not right now universe i'm not ready like because with this five of cups on the back of the deck i feel like they were really sad after after they first met you and i think that's because they weren't thinking about the connection that you two formed that night they were thinking about all their failures they were thinking about um like the things that they didn't say or the things that they wish they would have said they were thinking they were basically thinking about a lot of things that were causing them to be very hard on themselves and they weren't really focusing on what really mattered i feel like that's kind of a thing with this person and with this tower energy i feel like kind of saw you as a tower moment and not necessarily in a good way because it's like you were something that they almost wish for something that they wanted whether it be like a bestie or something deeper um and it's like they couldn't they couldn't receive you in that way the tower of illusions that they were living in just got knocked down because they're like oh i'm not as far on my my journey as i thought or i'm not as i don't have it as together as i thought i did and it's almost like they wanted to like hit pause on your connection and like almost like literally put you in like a cryogenic freezer and like hold you there and so they could like get their ish together and come back but i think at the same time this person may have seen a lot of innocence within you and they may have felt like their environment wasn't safe for you or that their environment wasn't ideal for you i feel like you had a really good impact on this person but i think that this person's environment um continued to keep them as like a wilted flower so to speak you know like when a plant doesn't grow you don't blame the plant you blame the environment the plants growing in and so i feel like this person felt like their environment wasn't um wasn't safe or wasn't healthy for you it's like they wanted to protect that um that pure positive energy of yours and not corrupt it with their energy or like their friends or what they've got going on and i do think that this person had kind of a hard time reconciling the fact they may have been above you but they wanted to be on your level and i guess what i mean by above is like um by societal standards that had like a loving family or had a lot of support at home maybe that's something that they don't have um they may have seen you as like well off or as like saying like a lot because i notice i'm saying like a lot but that could also just be my fault because i say like a lot sorry but um maybe you apologize a lot your energy inspired them to want to take more control of their own life and i feel like the sad thing is that you were really kind and compassionate towards them and they were inspired by that energy but they couldn't extend it towards themselves at all um i feel like they they may have wallowed in some self-pity after they met you um i feel like they could have been a little bit uh why am i not better like i should be i should be more like put together or something like that and they weren't i feel like this person refused to see the positives in meeting you the positives in what your energy could provide and it's like they were only the negatives they were only looking at the things that that they were triggered by but they saw you as somebody very solid and i feel like they kind of recognized that maybe they weren't very solid themselves and they were almost kind of trying to release the um release the feelings that your energy was creating with them and yeah a lot of uncomfortable realizations for this person i'm not gonna lie so let's go ahead and look at how they because this is this is interesting i guess i guess i should have i should have known going into this like that it would involve the person a lot because we do as humans just we're just more focused on ourselves and how we perceive people is based on how we perceive ourselves in the world but while i am shuffling for this second part i did want to mention that if this reading resonates and you're enjoying it there will be an extended available below where we are going to be looking at the future of this connection or the near future of this connection what might be happening what you can expect you absolutely do not need to check it out but it's there if you want to just a little bit of bonus these cards are hard to shuffle but what's doing our best okay i feel like this person noticed that you are really goofy as well like and not in maybe a little bit corny i'm not gonna lie but like they they thought it was really adorable like they liked how how silly you were and like how goofy you were let me make sure i have your oracles yes i do okay so spirit how does the person on pile three's mind perceive pile three now okay we have a judgment i feel like that judgment card is so cool um okay i'm going to take the queen of swords but i'm not going to take anything else we have the queen of swords i want to take the high priestess but i'm not going to because i just said i'm not going to take anything else but if it comes out we will know it's meant for you how does this person perceive pile three now please spirit if you notice the cards are taking a little bit to shuffle it's almost like they don't want to come out we have the ten of swords in reverse and we have the nine of wands upright i just wanna yeah let's move these over a little bit how else did this person perceive pile of three please how else did this receive yeah like they are not wanting to divulge we have the queen of cups in reverse and the knight of swords upright getting this vibe like your attention is elsewhere your attention is not on them yeah we have the three of swords and on the back of the deck we have the full in okay let's look at your oracles now to start we have freedom live wild and free choose your freedom claim your independence we have spiritual career we have imagination i embrace and nourish the creative aspect of my mind we have nightingale oh no i want to put nightingale by the queen of swords we have i am supported we have ignorance and we have spirits to guide you okay yeah um i'm gonna take a sip of my coffee and then i'm gonna spill the tea this person was wrong about you not in like a bad way but in a good way on your on your end um massively underestimated your power and it does seem like they hurt you in some way and i think this is probably related to the fact that they couldn't show up in an authentic way like their energy did feel a little bit chaotic and maybe they saw you as weak before or they saw you as somebody that they would just hurt they totally underestimated your your power and your spirit i feel like with that ace of cups in reverse and um that was out there before um one thing that i'm getting is that they may have felt like you really wanted like a serious relationship or you were looking for um something really serious even if it's like a friendship like maybe you wanted like a bestie that you could like almost cling onto or and i feel like this person realizes that they completely underestimated you as somebody that's far more independent than they thought and i feel like the person that you're asking about is pretty independent as well and it's like they've watched you trans transform from like this sweet little person um and somebody that they may have put through the ringer or somebody that's just been through the ringer so like even if um even if this person didn't do anything to hurt you like they may have seen from afar or as your friend people that have hurt you and they just see you now as somebody so powerful and so unapologetic about that with the fool in reverse and the ignorance card being here this person massively underestimated how powerful a kind soul can be it seems like at this point in your life you are doing something that is either spiritually related like a spiritual career as this card says or a career that is aligned with your truest self this could be like an entrepreneurial career you could have gotten into like a really a really prestigious program or you could be you could have found your path finally of what you want to do um but i do think there is a spiritual element to this with spirits to guide you and i am supported and i feel like this person doubted how protected you were in the spiritual realm and and doubted doubted your power like in so many ways they doubted your freaking power and not only your power but the power of your voice with the nightingale the queen of swords and the knight of swords your ability to speak to others and to speak your truth is something that this did not understand like i feel like they associated kindness with weakness and i think what they're realizing is that that's not true i do feel like you may keep this person at a distance or if this is a friend i feel like this person could be pretty close to you and they're really impressed by just like your mind and your creativity and your imagination but i feel like if this had if this person was like a romantic interest or there's the there's kind of confusion with what this relationship was supposed to be um and if they hurt you i feel like this person recognizes that that you've taken your compassion elsewhere that like when it comes to them because with this queen of swords upright and this queen of cups in reverse like we they already know that you have this really big and beautiful heart and i really like that in this deck that they used kind of the same figure for um the fursuits because i do feel like both queens represent you it's just that they know that you're not really extending your heart space to them you kind of have a more cool logical rational approach to how you see them and how how you interact with them so they don't feel like that they get they get the benefit of your emotional wisdom your emotional intelligence anymore i feel like they didn't realize how either how like psychic or how tapped into the universe you are so like one thing that i'm seeing is that they may not understand that sort of thing and so they may look at it as just oh pile three is really intelligent i really doubted how intelligent they were because they may not understand that there's a higher power guiding you like they i feel like this person hasn't seen examples of someone being supported um by the ether buy um buy things that cannot be physically seen and i feel like this person maybe feels foolish because there could have been oh look there there's that five of cups coming out um what's underneath those ten of cups though the ace of pentacles it's like they could have had something more solid with you and they feel really foolish for not for not taking you as seriously because one thing that i am seeing is that i don't think this person took you very seriously i feel like they kind of took you as um being in your own world and being really precious but like maybe needing to be protected at all costs and i feel like this person is like just kind of shrek energy like go away donkey like i work alone and like i feel like they didn't realize you were out here like being a fiona or just being a very powerful person a very powerful character with the ten of swords in reverse i feel like they recognize that nothing can really get you down and they're very aware that they're that there are hot takes on you or the way that they perceived you before is like they massively underestimated i feel like when we were looking at your first impressions spirit was kind of trying to put a lot of the positive things forward which i'm which i understand because this person did perceive a lot of positive things but i almost feel like the amount of positive energy you radiated had a negative effect on this person because it's like they might have just seen you as too precious or too too otherworldly for them and you've made your mark in the world by being otherworldly and that just kind of blows them away they also see you as incredibly witty and so they might be afraid to communicate with you because i think one you could roast the hell out of them if you wanted to um you might have some gemini energy like gemini moon specifically or gemini mercury um or virgo gemini and virgo kind of have virgo is the air sign of the earth signs that's what i will say but um they're really impressed by what you've cultivated for yourself and i feel like they fantasize about you a lot with this imagination but they they almost don't want to tame you because they see you out here doing you and like being independent and being free like i love how similar this knight of swords is to this freedom card you've proved this person wrong in a lot of ways and i don't think that they've told you this i feel like your work or your presence kind of speaks for itself like you don't have to to go up to this person and be like see i told you i was amazing like look at xyz like they can see it for themselves and they never had to they never had to talk to you to see your success i feel like there are regrets on their end of ways that they may have treated you or the fact that they maybe looked at you through a distorted lens of their own poor self-worth but with this ignorance card being here i feel like they realize that they were not giving you the credit that you deserved and they realize that they are kind of ignorant for not seeing you or being willing to see you from a more open-minded perspective with the three of swords here i feel like they're really impressed by your ability to transcend hardship in this sense and it may still affect you but you don't let people see that you don't let people know um and they also respect the fact that if they did hurt you you didn't just let walk all over you or just let them come back in and do whatever they want like if someone hurts you you set boundaries you put barriers there and i very much think that's what you i also kind of see here that this person is very confused by you i feel like in their own shame they feel like they should they shouldn't communicate with you they shouldn't talk to you but at the same time it's like they hope they'll be guided back to you i don't think that this person is very spiritual or believes in like spirit guides or things like that but they're almost like like what magic is pile three tapping into it's kind of impressive like the fact that you guys even picked like this golden healer stone it's like you just have a lot of really beautiful energy that you radiate from the outside in and i feel like this person like i said earlier mistook kindness for weakness and and mistook your outlook to just be naive and innocent like you hadn't been beaten down by the world yet and i feel like this person saw part of themselves and you and they were like oh you know that'll fade eventually or like that'll get beaten down and it's like not only did it not but this person actively saw you getting beaten down or like figuratively and and they may have been the ones kind of attributing creating some of that energy and you come out of it like just more of a badass warrior and just more of like okay and i'm not gonna stop being kind i'm not gonna stop being myself i'm not gonna stop being you know me and i'm not gonna stop following my dreams and goals i feel like this person is just very impressed by who you are now where you are now um the song faded by alan walker is coming through as well they feel like there's some sort of higher power guiding you and they're really impressed by what you've cultivated for yourself they they recognize that they massively underestimated you and they also recognize that they couldn't have perceived you in a in in a correct way or in a more realistic and not correct or realistic in a more accurate way because their heart wasn't open to perceiving you i feel like you live life from a very heart heart oriented like space and i feel like that you you give a lot with your heart and you are very spiritually connected and i think that those are things that this person just didn't really understand and so they could never have originally perceived you in that way because they weren't at that space or at that place themselves to even understand what that energy is like i feel like they they see you though as um maybe not completely fulfilled maybe they want to rewrite the narrative here or make amends but they're but they're kind of keeping their distance maybe because they feel like you kind of have walls up or they feel like you wouldn't be open to that with a ten of swords in reverse though i do feel like you may still deal with mental anguish and this person may pick up on that energetically i feel like this person checks up on you um because they do have like a deep fondness for you and it's almost like even though they can't protect you they still want to and they might feel like i don't even have the right to based on like how i treated them or something like that and the universe might quite literally shut the door on them if they try to get too close to you or something like that um maybe because you are being protected you could have like horse guides or like unicorn guides or something like that um or those could just be symbolic symbolism i think you have a lot of angelic energy around you especially with i am supported but with this spiritual career being here it's like even if it's not even if you don't have a legit spiritual career i think no matter what you're doing you're doing it out of a passion for what you love and you're doing it to bring more compassion to the world this person has a deep awareness that they did not see you in your in your full light and they did not see you for who you truly were and i think and i think they regret that i think they not they regret not being more open i feel like one thing that they massively underestimated about you is your voice and i think that's partially because they didn't communicate enough with you um but your voice is really powerful you could have a really beautiful singing voice or just be a really good speaker or writer um and i feel like your words or writing writing as well some of you could be in law school or lawyers or something like that um and maybe the deeper the more like the the deeper parts of you are something that they weren't able to see if like you met them in these sorts of environments or something like that but there's a lot of wisdom to you and i feel like they they massively underestimated that like you're definitely an old soul and i feel like your your kind and pure almost childlike kind of um camouflaged your wisdom because they never had the time to see that part of you shine and now that they have it's like oh boy i was really wrong and i feel like the truth kind of hurts them as well lizzo's coming out here to be like truth hurts um they still want the best for you i feel like they see you working really hard and they may notice like when you're really tired and stuff like that but i feel like more than anything they're really proud of you and they're they're glad that they were wrong about a lot of things and they're glad that you've continued to follow your dreams and your passions because it's clear that you're making a beautiful mark in the world and you're a beautiful person and i feel they kick themselves every day for whatever that it is that they did to you um if they did anything to you if they are just your friend then i feel like they want to kick other people for what they did to you but um they have a lot of deep admiration for you and they almost kind of put you on a pedestal where they feel like i'm not worthy i'm not good enough for for pile threes so that's the vibe that i'm getting so let's go ahead and finish this reading off pile three i'm gonna get some messages uh from your guides to you these could have something to do with the reading or they could have nothing to do with the reading um just take them as they resonate i just didn't want to do this reading without leaving you off with something for yourself so there we go there's the unicorn um indulge in your creative imaginative imaginative and magical side through some sort of artistic expression we have cheetah get clear on your intention stay focused and move quickly to achieve your goal we also have domestic cat it's time to strike out on your own and relinquish your over dependency on others i don't know if you have that but maybe that's just for some of you and we also have chameleons stay in the background and adapt to the situation rather than being conspicuous and attempting to direct the course of events and on the back of the deck we have humpback whale music is essential to your healing and well-being whether singing playing an instrument or listening so yeah don't be afraid to put some more sound healing especially i think could be really helpful for you but don't be afraid to um you know let loose a little bit have some fun sing even if you don't think you're a good singer you're not required to be a good singer to sing singing is for everybody that's why we all have voices anyway um i'm gonna take things over to the extended now where we are going to be looking at the future of this connection um if you're interested in that feel free to head over there but if you are leaving me here which is absolutely okay thank you guys so so so much for watching and thank you so much for watching my ads that is the simplest and easiest way to support me but if you'd like to support me in other ways you can check out the extended if you would like to you can check out my merch which is linked below as well as my social media though do be aware i have scammers pretending to be me um i do not offer personal readings and i will not try to solicit a personal reading from you in your dms so that's all i have thank you guys so much for letting me be a part of your energy and letting me read for you i hope you all have a hi there pile for if you guys chose the gem this is going to be your reading on the person on your mind's first impressions of you versus how they see you now i hope you guys can hear the rain in the background it is very nice to listen to so i hope you can hear it and i did quickly want to mention that if this reading does resonate there will be an extended available below where we are going to look at what you can expect for the future of this connection moving forward and they have been quite interesting so far so there will not be much bridge action with this jack because it is uh very thick and very uh hard to bend and it's like cutting my fingers up a little bit i don't know if you can tell but like it's not that bad but it's kind of annoying but let's go ahead and see a spirit how does the person have or have did the person on a pile for his mind first perceive pile four so the five of cups and the king of wands we have the four of cups upright we have justice i don't know if this is relevant but there could have been an ex or you could have been dating somebody and this person may have been aware of at the time maybe the queen of swords in two more spirit we have temperance in reverse we have the nine of swords upright and we have the king of pentacles i want to say pentacles for some reason but that's not that's not correct okay for your oracles we have transition the frequency of transition supports our deep understanding of the ever-changing nature of existence in our lives so that we can learn to let go surrender to the process and allow transition to occur with ease and grace we have judgment i understand that everyone has their own unique path and challenges we have self-discipline we have cast your sacred symbols we also have the solar plexus chakra with transformation we have the lizard and we have i trust in divine timing this person's first impression of you honestly was that they could tell you were going through a lot um but they noticed that you weren't trying to let that show they could also tell that like i'm hearing the song in my head right now like what doesn't kill you makes you stronger whether you agree with that or not is up to you but that kelly clarkson song this person could tell you were trying your best to appear balanced and under control but there definitely was some things kind of plaguing you and that there was a bit of a lack of balance here um this person may have met you at a time when you were in maybe an unhealthy relationship or stuck in maybe a really unhealthy codependent friendship with someone that they could tell just like wasn't wasn't working for you or just wasn't making you happy they could tell that you had a lot on your plate that you weren't speaking about and i think that they were really curious to know what was really going on because you had this very this energy of like oh everything's fine everything's gucci like nothing's nothing is going on but they could just tell that you were worn out and that you were kind of just taking things day by day trying your best not to let what was happening in life tear you down with judgment i understand that challenges this person was trying to keep an open mind and not judge what judged the situation or judge what was going on because one they had just met you and two they really didn't know um they didn't know you they knew your name not your story so to speak yeah they were really just trying to remain objective but they felt like there was someone in your life who was very combative or like maybe didn't treat you very well you just seemed very worn out and it's almost like all the stress and anxiety and that you may have been going through was just making you appear a little detached from everyone a little bit more isolated a little bit more closed off this person felt like um you didn't really notice them or you weren't really giving them the time of day and with the five of cups of the king of wands in it seemed like you were really really bummed about a certain situation or um you could have been going through like depression or like you could have an anxiety disorder or something like this something like that i almost feel like those issues at the time when this person met you were almost exacerbated and with the hermit injustice being here it's like you were trying your best to appear very balanced and like graceful and fair but they could tell you were off somewhere else and that you weren't really um you weren't really present in the moment and it made this person sad because i okay i'm not gonna lie yeah that makes sense this person was very um drawn to you even if they only saw you in a platonic way they thought you were very attractive and they thought you were you were a very like high value person i really like that phrase because i think everyone well i don't know i don't my beliefs don't matter but like they saw you as somebody very valuable they saw you as somebody that they really wanted to get to know that they really wanted to understand better and they may have known you before like known of you before you two formally met and they may have been like kind of impressed by your transformation or maybe a little bit depressed about your like transformation and that could have been something that um happened because of a really unhealthy connection that you were in and i almost feel like for some of you maybe you were already out of it by the time you met this person but you were still maybe grieving that or you were still in a place where you are very very um defensive or guarded one thing that i'm hearing is that this person may have like overheard or seen some sort of argument between you and that's not going to resonate for everyone so take that one as it resonates but this person may have realized that like you broke things off or you doing your own thing now and they felt like justice was served in that situation like they were they were happy that you got away from like a more negative situation but they could tell that there was a lot plaguing you and they wished they could be more supportive but they honestly didn't know how to be um i think they could also tell that you were very sensitive and that you were very caring towards others and could identify as like an empath or be empathic i definitely think that they they felt your energy a lot and they could tell that you were sensitive to energy as well and i feel like this person was really just hoping for the best for you like they weren't they weren't trying to understand you that night they were just understanding that they weren't going to understand if that makes sense but there was a caring element to them where they really wanted to be more helpful towards you they wanted to they wanted to assist you in this transition or this transformation that you were going through and they could tell that you were putting a lot of energy into your own personal transformation because it kind of seems like that's really the only place you have the energy to put your energy in you could have worked worse you couldn't still work there or you could have worked or been a part of like a school that was like a school or like a corporation or a business that was well known in the area with cast your sacred symbols i almost feel like oh or you could have had like very distinct tattoos maybe you and this person like have a similar tattoo or like have the same interest and like style of tattoos or maybe like your tattoos just really stood out to this person if you have it could have even been something that you're wearing that you were wearing like that drew this person in like maybe they recognized a symbol like a markaba for example or like the flower of life or something like that but they they were really they were really fascinated by you but they felt like they that you didn't really want anything to do with them or that you weren't really interested in talking to them there could have been like substances involved when um this person first met and you could have been a bit like inebriated so that may be something that they noticed like you weren't in your right mind at one point or they may have watched you throughout um a period of time go from like kind of reserved to maybe more open but not not open at the same time like kind of like releasing your inhibitions but not releasing what you still had buried beneath you this person knew that there was much more than meets the eye to you but they didn't feel like they had a way to really get to know why that is they could tell that whatever you'd been going through was complicated and that they didn't know they didn't know you they didn't know the situation and so they just tried to be tried to be supportive but it may not have come off that way i almost feel like this person may have just watched you from afar and tried to get more details about you from the people around you because it doesn't seem like they were getting much from you um with the justice card being here i almost feel like this person saw you as like a potential partner or somebody that they would want to be with um and if this is a platonic connection then i would say like maybe they saw you as somebody that would be a good friend or a good um a good like person that they would get along with really well that they could have a really good rapport with i feel like this person maybe saw similarities in you um with themselves like maybe you both had a very maybe you both had a very like similar but difficult past relationship and maybe like they were really relating to that and like they wish you knew that they understood that as well especially with the king of wands being in reverse and the five of cups being in reverse i really feel like maybe for some of you you could have been putting forward this this front like you're all good and like nothing's bothering you um but they could tell that you were kind of apathetic towards life and kind of just going through the motions like there wasn't really passion behind your words there wasn't really like your energy and your words and your actions weren't really aligning and i feel like this person knew that there was something deeper there and yeah it's almost like you were restricted and the only way that you felt free that free at that point um was through using something to be able to escape your own brain um but if there was nothing no substances or anything like that involved then i think that this person just noticed that you were very very restricted in in your behavior and your mannerisms they could tell there was a lot on your mind they could tell that you were tired and they could tell that you just needed a break you needed you needed time and so i feel like this person was kind of just they might have perceived you as honestly being kind of standoffish or as being like not interested in them at all and i definitely feel like they over thought how how they wanted to communicate with you whether they should communicate with you things like that it's honestly a really interesting energy where this person just really wanted to know who you were on a deeper level but at the same time it's it's almost like they would be opening pandora's box and they didn't want to do that as well they almost just wanted to observe you they didn't even really trust you to convey who you are at that time because you weren't really in your right mind in the sense of like either you were literally inebriated or you weren't doing well and so this person like they wanted to see you for themselves they didn't want you to explain who you were or explain what you're about but they were definitely curious about you they were definitely unsure of of your true self but they were also a little bit concerned about what whatever it was that you were going through or what was going on with you and they were definitely concerned and wondering like if those types of people that put you in this state or those things that put you in the state were still in your life i feel like they almost had this kind of energy where they wanted to they wanted to like kind of protect you but they knew that wasn't their place and that wasn't their their job to do but i can definitely tell that they cared about you when they first met you somebody who was working really hard to just be the best version of yourself that you could be and heal and grow and overcome a lot of difficult things i feel like this person trusted that if you were meant to have a deeper purpose in their life that um divine timing would reveal that itself so they were trying not to be too bothered and just kind of letting you do your own thing and not bother you or get to get too far up in your space or take you out of whatever energy you are in because it's it almost kind of seems like even if this person had tried to help you lighten your energy it wouldn't have worked and it might have just kind of backfired on them so they they definitely restrain themselves in a similar way to you are restraining yourselves in response to the energy that you are emitting so i want to see now what they think of you now because this is a pretty interesting energy and i almost feel like this this person's first impressions of you they they try not to judge you based on those first impressions so i wonder what they what they think of you now i feel like they felt like there were a lot of factors creating this initial impression and a lot of those factors wouldn't necessarily be factors forever yeah i'm definitely curious to see what's going to come out here this person definitely felt like you deserved better and that you deserved more than what you were being given or how you are being treated i'll give it one more shuffle so that the skin on my fingers don't completely fall off if i can shuffle things yeah i definitely feel like your energy came off as like very tired and a little just like like i don't have like it just kind of seems like from their perspective like you didn't really have the energy to even pretend or try to be anything other than um to be in any other state than you were in unless you're part of that group that was like almost overcompensating for what was going on by trying to like convince people that you were okay okay so let's see spirit how does um the person on pile for his mind see pile four now i feel like they could also tell you're a bit afraid of the world we have the queen of wands the four of swords and the hierophant wow okay this is already like immediately different energy so this is already boosting boosting my energy we have the queen of pentacles in we have the hermit in reverse and the nine of pentacles we have the three of wands we have the page of pentacles in reverse ten of ones in reverse okay so now let's look at your oracles so we have partnership teamwork will give you a better result find trustworthy people to partner with build up a talented support team we have leadership we have change i understand that nothing can grow or evolve without movement we have crow we have i am happy we have emotions and we have the sword i'm gonna take a sip of my coffee and i will get into this so these energies are like night and day if i'm being honest um if you're not with this person in a romantic sort of way or in a like collaborative partnership sort of way i would be surprised um but if you're not that's definitely something that this person sees and like wants with you yeah they um they're very impressed by your ability to bounce back um what's that sounds like last night i took an l um but something then i bounced back or i that song just came through but like i don't remember it very well this person definitely has feelings for you and um they're very comfortable with that they see the truth in that and i feel like you've definitely bounced back in a way where okay i just got this random message if you have a difficult relationship with a mother figure um or if this person has a difficult relationship with their mother figure they feel like you're nothing like them and that's something that they really side note on that they see you as someone very confident and very powerful and someone who is really capable of healing um there's they see you as somebody that they either want to be in a relationship with um if they're not already if you are in a relationship with them they're very happy to be in a relationship with you especially with the hermit and the nine of pentacles in reverse it's like they saw your value and your worth from the beginning but they're so happy that they don't that they don't have to just admire you from afar anymore you're like highly psychic and i think this person is impressed by your ability to um what other people are thinking like you maybe you are able to like pick up on telepathic communication or you just like you're very good at predicting like what is going to happen next and and what is going to happen um or like figuring out like having an understanding of the past and and recognizing how the past is going to affect the future and it causes you to act in very brilliant ways in your present i think this person might get a little frustrated sometimes because you don't see much of a planner it kind of seems like you fly by the seat of your pants sometimes and that might stress this person out a little bit but um they're just so happy to see you happy they're like those are things that we can work on and build with and i think this person is also happy to see that you're not afraid to express your emotions anymore you don't suppress them like maybe you did in the past you've definitely changed in really positive ways um as this person has met you and maybe they've had like a good influence on you maybe they've helped you grow and evolve loves that you're so open with them and that you're so honest with them and that you're not afraid to be yourself and i feel like this person feels a deep importance of supporting you hyping you up because maybe in your past um the exact qualities that this person loves about you or things that you're insecure about because maybe past partners tried to make you feel like those qualities were bad or that um or that you weren't good enough the way that you are and i feel like um your person just really really wants you to see yourself as amazingly as they do they still feel like you don't see your full worth and you don't see how amazing you are but they do think that will see it in time and they also feel honored that they are the they get to be the ones to show you that or help show you that for those of you where maybe you're not with this person then i feel like they they want to have the opportunity to show you if you're not with this person there is kind of a bit of like possessive energy here with this person may really really desire something more with you they may recognize that you're kind of a force to be reckoned with if you're a leader in some sort of way i feel like really really wants to like take the lead here or hang on i got lost in my channeling this is like so much energy but it's good energy it's it's really good energy this person maybe recognizes a lot of the burdens that you used to be held down by are not a thing anymore but if there are still things that plague you or stress you out like they really want to help you with them they maybe wish that you would let let them help you more with things really admires your vision um you could have a special eye for design or you could have a really oh it's raining hard you could have just a really keen sense of like what works and what doesn't you could be really into like feng shui or hdtv or like interior design or like fashion i feel like this person sees you with somebody that's very stylish very put together even if it's not like what mainstream would consider style like it's your own style it's your own brand and this person really likes that they do wish you were more confident in yourself and i think i already said that one thing that they love about you is that you're not afraid to see things for how they are and you're not afraid to be self-aware and you're not afraid to say like you're right i made a mistake or you're right i'm sorry like you're somebody who looks at things very very objectively and i think that they really appreciate that about you um they can trust you to call them out on their and vice versa like you're not gonna be offended if they call you out on something they also see you as someone learning to grow into your femininity like you may not be very comfortable in your femininity uh right now like even if you are not like you don't identify as like a feminine or something like that um maybe you're just learning how to be more comfortable with your feminine energy they really see you as somebody with a lot of talent who's growing and evolving and they really feel lucky to be a part of your life and if they're not a part of your life right now they really want to be a bigger part of your life they could be waiting on you for some reason like maybe waiting for you to be ready for something or maybe travel is something here like if this is like a long distance connection for example like they really just want you to be happy but like they really just want you to be with them they're ready for change in this situation they see you as somebody worth committing to and worth being committed and i feel like they just have so many feels for you like there's just a lot of desire here honestly these messages are like really really really straightforward they love that they get to be a part of your inner world and they love that they love that they get to grow with you and they love that you're honest about your shortcomings that you don't that you're not somebody who like pretends i'm not pretends but not somebody who who doesn't see their own their own shortcomings their own pitfalls and i feel like this person is really proud of how far you've come really proud of your growth even even if you're not proud of it they are and i feel like they they feel really spiritually in tune with you i feel like they're really impressed by your spiritual powers by your spiritual gifts even if you don't think you have any your keen eye like i said it could be that or you're very witty or you come up with um with really clever things at the drop of a hat it seems like you're very creative and i feel like that you're this person just sees that life isn't so hard to exist in anymore for you and i feel like they feel really lucky that they get to exist on the planet as the same at the same time as you and to be a participant in life with you if you are a leader of some kind i think they're really impressed by your ability to lead by your confidence um or by your ability to show confidence even when you don't feel confident in yourself i also think they're blown away how many people look up to you and how how many people are inspired by you i feel like that's something that they want to have for themselves as well i feel like this is someone um that sees you being in their life for a really long time i also feel like this is somebody that has no um has no intentions of leaving you high and dry or um randomly like walking away here i really think that they they just admire and respect you and it's like the more that they've gotten to know you the more the more they're blown away by your spirit and the person that you truly are like especially with the hierophant being here it's like this person has watched you achieve more and more self-actualization and as that happens seeing you grow into more parts of yourself just makes you even more attractive to this person they see you as a great person to do life with and they are really grateful for your support like they see you as somebody who is really supportive of them and somebody who is very forgiving and caring and understanding this person loves your jokes even if dad jokes or like bad jokes i feel like this person just is grateful to see you happy and to see you smiling and to see you in a good place because they've seen you and it seems like they met you when you were in a not so good place and i think they're just grateful for the changes that have happened here and grateful for everything that's that's happened everything that's come about and i really feel at a loss for words here this person's devotion for you is kind of unspoken and you may not even realize the the depths to it but this person would quite literally do anything for you and i almost feel like this person has a gift that they want to give you or something like that but they also love your communication with each other they also i feel like you've maybe you've helped this person set better boundaries or you've helped this person like cut out people in their life that weren't really that weren't really um authentic friends or authentic people in their life this person trusts you to tell them the truth and they really respect you because you tell them the truth they maybe didn't picture themselves as somebody being in like a long-term relationship or something like that but with you it's like they couldn't picture their life any different like and they look to you as an inspiration to like keep going and to keep growing they also see you as somebody with a lot of spiritual prowess um i don't even know if that's the right word but like a lot of spiritual power a lot of a lot of like i just heard charismatic energy and like maybe you don't see yourself as charismatic but this person has the luxury of seeing how other people perceive you and i feel like this person wishes you could see yourself through your own eyes because not through your own eyes this person wishes that you could see yourself through the eyes of others that's what i meant to say you would have such a much higher opinion of yourself but at the same time this person recognizes that you know your journey into self-acceptance has to be something that you do on your own but more so than anything they feel very very grateful to have you in their life and i also feel like they um they see a committed future with you but even if that doesn't happen they're grateful to have just had a small role in your life and to be a part in your life um i feel like they wouldn't have it any other way and i think that they're just so impressed by you and they they see you as somebody on their level in a lot of ways and if not above them in a lot of ways and i feel like they love your take charge attitude and the attitude you have towards life when you are feeling confident in yourself and when you are ready to like take take life on i feel like it's just something that they find incredibly attractive i think they find you incredibly attractive magnetic they love your independence they love they love the fact that if they aren't like if you are in a relationship with this person they love the fact that even though you guys are together they don't feel like they're tied down to anyone or tied down to anything you give you give this person the room and the freedom to do what makes them happy and i feel like this person is just really proud of all the changes that you've gone through together all the changes that you've gone through as individuals and how you've evolved i feel like this person just wants to keep moving forward with you if i'm being honest like you make life a lot easier and they hope that they make life a lot easier for you really the only desires that they have is to maybe like build more with you and and see where things go but they're just really grateful for you and for everything that you both have built together or everything that you will build together they're grateful for your presence they're grateful for what they've learned from you and yeah you give them butterflies or should i say crows like i feel like there's a there's a darkness to this connection where you guys aren't very like sunshiny rainbow type of people um i feel like you're very realistic but at the same time like this person no matter how long you've been with this person or no matter how long you've known this person this person still is caught by surprise sometimes when they think about how how lucky they are to have you in their life how lucky they are to know you how lucky they are to be around you and they recognize that your presence in their life is a sign that they must have done something right um for the universe to bless them with a beautiful person so pile four i'm going to finish off the free portion of this reading with some messages from your spirit guides these this could have nothing to do with this connection or this reading i just wanted to leave you guys off with a little something for yourselves pile for when it comes to your life indulge in your creative imaginative and magical side through some sort of artistic expression we have manatee accept the situation as it is rather than fighting to change it we have taurus taurus taurus oh well taurus energy is here with the hierophant but i meant to say tortoise you're too fragmented so do whatever it takes to get grounded we have roadrunner keep your sense of humor and don't think ting don't take things too seriously and finally on the back of the deck we have gorilla take the time to listen compassionately to those you love especially your family members so pile four um i think this is where i'm gonna leave things so thank you guys so so so much letting me read your cards and thank you so much for watching my ads as the simplest and easiest way to support me in my channel but if you'd like to support me in other ways you can check out the extended you can like this video you can comment down below let me know how it resonates you can subscribe if you haven't already you can click that little notification bell uh to be notified whenever i upload a new video you can check out my merch which is linked below as well as my social media so do be aware i have a lot of scammers pretending to be me and pretending to impersonate me so please be careful if it's not linked on my channel it is not mine i only have one account i don't have backups and yeah i won't solicit private readings from you and your dms that's all i have thank you guys so so so much for letting me be a part of this reading and for being a part of your day i really hope you all have a wonderful day or night whatever it is that you're

  Top Comments:
  1. @EsoTarot [227 likes]: Happy friday my beautiful friends!! I hope you have a safe and fun weekend (and if you're coming to this video after it's first uploaded I hope the nearest upcoming weekend is safe and fun) 

🚨🚨BEWARE OF SCAMMERS IMPERSONATING ME ON INSTAGRAM! I DO NOT OFFER PERSONAL READINGS AND I WILL NEVER SOLICIT ONE FROM YOU THROUGH DIRECT MESSAGES AND MY ONLY ACCOUNT IS LINKED BELOW!🚨🚨

🌠Get the Extended Reading HERE!🌠
Page Link: https://vimeo.com/ondemand/fivn021822
Pile 1: https://vimeo.com/ondemand/fivn021822/678985581
Pile 2: https://vimeo.com/ondemand/fivn021822/678985696
Pile 3: https://vimeo.com/ondemand/fivn021822/678985840
Pile 4: https://vimeo.com/ondemand/fivn021822/678985968

🕚Timestamps🕥
Intro: 0:00
Pile Selection: 1:06
Pile 1 (Larimar Palmstone): 2:27
Pile 2 (Thulite Heart): 42:29
Pile 3 (Golden Healer Palmstone): 1:25:47
Pile 4 (Amethyst Gemstone): 2:06:13

👻Follow Me👻: 
Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/realesotarot
TikTok: https://vm.tiktok.com/ZMR8yghKN/

👚My Merch👚: https://crowdmade.com/collections/esotarot

Get your first 10-minute reading with Keen by clicking here: https://trykeen.com/esotarot
I will receive compensation from anyone who signs-up through my link, thanks for supporting my channel! 

💸Leave me a tip💸
PayPal: xesotarotx@gmail.com
Cashapp: $palehag
  2. @rsj2 [5 likes]: pile 3. i found the reading to be very very accurate but also I don't know if i dont see it or something but in my eyes, this person is not bad or anything. unlike most pile 3 comments here, i actually want to be able to spend more time with them. when you said "the universe may shut the door on them if they tried to help me" felt kind of harsh cause if nothing romantic, i atleast want this person to stay in my life as just a friend forever.
  3. @chowdhurynahiyan1 [1 likes]: Pile 4 🎉❤ : 2:08:00 - 2:42:00
  4. @ariane9522 [1 likes]: Hello everyone. I want to share a message. Like many, i guess, i come here to watch tarot readings with part of myself buried in shame for needing this reassuring confirmation of all the wishes i have pertaining to my love and encounters. Once, i thought to myself, but how do i know it is true ? Well, know one thing : all the people who i have felt deeply attracted to, and whom i came here watching these vidéos and doing spells about, they sensed it. Maybe you havent had the confirmation yourself, but as to me, i've had them come up to me and either write or tell me face to face i'd literally "charmed" them, and that they couldn't stop them from thinking about me in our no contact situationships. So; it doesn't make them any worthy, for sure. I wrote this message to confirm you your power, and the righteousness of your feelings and instincts. All attraction is always mutual. This text ain't even a manifesting technique for me. Juste raw aknowledgement. Tap into your instincts and literally trust your powers
  5. @unionicorn: ✨#2✨ TT (4-4-26)
  6. @EdgyIntellect: 2&3!!!
  7. @myaa.5169: 2
  8. @PSK325: This reading is so, so accurate! Wow! ✨
  9. @spoookyghouly: I felt called to both piles 2 and 3 for the same person, and they both resonated. thank you.
  10. @hattyflame3889: 💛💛💛
  11. @abbycramer3209: pile 3
  12. @koyelpramanick840: P4. One year ago That person was talking to  my friend and kept looking at me, we got eye contact, but that guy kept looking. I just couldn't understand why. A few days ago I went to a wedding, he was  there too and his friends kept looking and smiling and they were whispering with each other. Is it a sign?
  13. @lovemeless: I was the one who let him go.  Pile 2 😢
  14. @thecrescentmoon1111: 3. Yep. He was overwhelmed by how similar yet how different we were. Like, we were both power Rangers, no doubt,  but I was the pink one, he was the white one. Very similar interests, and goals, but couldn't always see eye to eye bc we worked on "different ends of the universe ". He felt like I didn't listen or understand much of what he was expressing,  well, I didn't bc I wasn't the one going through it. I mean i understood,  but it didn't hold weight on me as much as it did him, i guess. I had my own shit to juggle. But he always called me "cute" and I always got offended by tht. Lol. I was like cute is for puppies, I am beautiful,  sir. Loll. Thanks
  15. @Mhr-q6e: Pile 2 resonate too muchh
  16. @Shivgauri2898: Pile 2 mother in law 
Pile 3 father in law
  17. @chandraadam3656: P3 spot on for a fake friend and P4 for my huz…both super accurate. So impressive ✨ thank you!
  18. @zoyafeckle: omg I read 2 thinking about a coworker who treated me like a father same age as me 1:19:53  But had some issues at work and we havent met in months. not sur if he cares so mch but he cared for me more than any1❤🎉 1:22:23
  19. @zoyafeckle: If I do not mention this I'd be selfish. I took a reading about manager who's our team's head coz Eso's readings resonate so much with my thoughts like dead accurate and here's what I heard PILE 3 1:52:19 I flew to Europe from Asia he might feel like em weak as em like half his age and I should have some courage to come to a country where I don't even speak their language. OMG this should be real 1:52:19 🥺🥺 My manager is a sweet soul who admires me a lot. I mean a laatteee🎉 TYSM Eso❤
  20. @edvinator2000: Yeah ok, make me cry in the middle of the night (group 2) 😭

- What is their first impression of you🤔  Vs how they see you now 🤔 ? 🔮  | Pick a card: Kind: captions Language: en Hi, welcome back to my channel. This is the White Feather Tarot and in today's reading we're doing what was their first impression of you versus how they see you now. Now, this topic I found on StarStable Talk Channel. I thought it was a really interesting channel to do together here today. And before we begin, I want to first thank you for helping me out this week choose my nail polish color. I thought that was really fun. I put a poll here during the week and I asked you guys to to choose between the two combos and most of you chose this combo and I agree with you. It's so beautiful. And some of you thought it looked like the colors of the ocean or the sky. So, thank you very much guys. As for the ones who picked pile combo number one, I totally agree with you. It's such a soft beautiful combo and I'm sure I'm going to put it on next week. So, thank you for helping me out with that nail polish this week. It was so much fun. Let's get to the piles now. For this reading we have four piles and I thought we'd unveil it together. I don't know what they have. So, for pile number one we have the ruby. For pile number two we have banners of praise. For pile number three we have gainful employment. And for pile number four we have be washed. Let me take the time to quickly show you the cards. So, that's for pile one. That's for pile two. That is for pile three. And finally that is for pile four. So, take a look at which of these four pictures you're the most drawn to and that's probably the pile for you here today. If you have more than one person in your mind then you might want to check different piles for different people. And as usual you'll find the timestamps down in the description box. Click on your times and I'll see you in your readings. Hi pile number one. So, you've chosen this beautiful card called ruby. And it says, "Who do you love more? Yourself or me? From my head to my foot, I have become you." Such a sweet sweet card here. I love this card. It's one of my very favorites. So, in order to do this reading for you on versus how they see you now, I'm going to be splitting this reading into two piles. Um we'll do what was their first impression here and then we'll do how they see you now on the other side of the card. So, let's get on with it pile number one. So, spirit kindly guide us on how um what was their first impression of pile number one, please? What were their first impression of pile number one? Okay. So, pile number one there are two cards that came out. Three. You have the ten of wands. You have the fool. And you have woah, you have the ten of cups. Um you also have the ace of cups. You have the four of swords right under the fool. Interesting. Oh, okay. And you have the queen of swords. So, that makes up their first impression of you. Pile number one. Now, let's let's take a look at how they see you now before we start reading. So, spirit guides kindly help us for pile number one. How do they see pile number one now? Thank you. This one wants to come out also. Okay. So, what do we have for you pile number one? We have wow, the source. Okay. Sharing. Oh. We have beyond illusion. Amazing. a nine of swords sorrow under the source. Woah, the four of wands. That's participation right under sharing. Isn't that interesting? And postponement. That's the four of swords right under beyond illusion. Quite interesting. So, pile number one right off the bat what I can tell you from your cards, all of them, is that this person really thinks highly of you. You are quite dear to this person. In fact, your reading here of what their first impression is it's starting off with the ten of cups. So, I really do feel like you are some sort of a dream come true to this person. It seems like they saw everything that they wanted in you pile number one. And while you may not be the sort of person who opens up easily to people, you're very picky about who you let in your sacred space in general. Um they found that they were very lucky that you opened up your heart to them. you've let them in. You've taken a leap of faith in them even though you always come off as a person who takes their time, thinks about things well. You're very protective of not just your sacred area or place, but um you're protective of your life in general. You make sure you take balanced decisions overall. Um you are very wise about what you do. You're not waiting for someone to be amazed by you and if they are and they show that they deserve your attention, that they treat you with respect then you might allow the space for them to enter your sacred space little by little. If not, this person has learned that you walk away very easily. And just as you have let them in um by trusting the the beautiful vibe that they gave you, you at some point seems here you might have cut them off. You might have lost a little bit of trust towards them. You might have felt like they haven't reciprocated what you're give what you've given. It seems like this person you've trusted them. And they were very grateful for your trust. as it seems like this person has realized that you're very given giving person. very smart very giving person and they somehow maybe taken advantage of that at some point or taking it take it they've taken it for granted. Um their first initial impression of you is a dream come true, someone who they're very lucky to have entered their life. Their first impression of you that is that you have a lot of self-love and not in a selfish way. It just means that you have a lot of self-confidence in yourself. You have a high self-esteem. You treat yourself with a lot of respect and you believe in yourself. It seems like you are a capable person, someone who likes to achieve things in life. Someone who values their mind uh and their dreams. And because you value what you want and you have the certain image of what you want to achieve in life, you do not allow anyone to come up and mess this beautiful dream of you. And these dreams include beautiful friendships, beautiful relationships, um a good ambiance at work, achieving your goals. And these are just some of the few of your some few of your favorite things. Just a few of your favorite things. And so, this person really can see how you value your life and yourself. Um how poised you are and how smart you are. They their first impression of you is, "Woah, this person is smart. Uh this person is uh very capable of taking care of herself an independent person who is loving at the same time. You can see grace uh and with this grace there might have seeped out some kindness and some sweetness here and there that they were able to depict from that you're a wonderful person. They were definitely um very quick to to try and be get closer to pile number Um they were they were very quick to show you how they would like to come together with you, maybe even move in with you, how wonderful you are, how you're their dream. Um yeah, they they were very proactive into approaching you, pile number one. And you've given them the space. You've trusted them, but it seems in this sacred space that they've entered they have somehow mismanaged or um did not treat your giving with a lot of respect. And I think, pile number one, you may have kept your distance from them. Now you might have cut them off. your pile in specific, pile number one, especially with the ruby here and what I see left and right I think you'll be the only if not one of the only piles where their point of view is not just the same, but it's gotten even stronger. They have even more respect for you now and they value you a lot more and it seems like there's a lot of regret on what they have done. They've seen through this um just how high you hold your values and uh how highly you hold yourself, pile number one. now you went from being their dream come true in a person and now they feel like they've lost the biggest thing or the best person they could have ever met in their life because they've seen different layers to you now. They've seen how you are wonderful at everything. With the source here, they've seen they've lost so much in one person. A person who's so loving, so giving and so positive. It seems like you've been encouraging this person to move forward, pile number one. You've been such a positive effect in their life. They did this giving idea is it is very clear in your reading, especially of how they see you now. They see you as someone who's full of blessings and ready to give. It's you're the sort of person who someone would gain more from you than what they could give you because no one is really very few people are up to your standards and what you can give. And they feel like they either have lost a lot or in the process of losing a lot uh pile number one. With the sorrow here right under the four of wands, they feel like you're a heaven on Earth. They feel like amidst all the tough things in life and the challenges and you are this beautiful flower that makes everything so nice. Um and by flower here I mean male and female, it's just the energy. You're just a a fresh breath a breath of fresh air to them who is a source of positivity and love and sharing and beauty. It's just like you're a dream come true and they now are growing because of you. You're forcing them to change the way they behave and see things in a better light. Um and because you mean so much to them and they don't want to lose you, they're now reevaluating their actions. They are now re-listening to what you said and feeling like they should have listened to you before. They are thinking of all the things you said and now putting them in the right perspective. What have I done? How can I do things better? Was he or she right about what they were saying? And how can I be a better person to match up to their level and give them what they deserve to uh just like they've given me. Um such nice energy, pile number one. So with your reading this person is in a regretful phase now of uh reevaluating everything. They're seeing things clearly now. If you can see here with the four of swords, it's all about taking a pause and thinking about things properly. And you can see in this specific deck with the four of swords that there is a larger gray picture and this person is looking into the colorful version of this picture. And I can see here that this person is now looking towards the better way to do things and why it's important to to respect each other and to treat each other in a better light. So this person might not they're in the process now of changing their minds and behaviors and hopefully, pile number one, they'll come back and re-offer you um a new way of doing things together uh because you really are a dream come true to this person. So, pile number one, I have really enjoyed your your pile. It seems like you're a very elevated soul and you you really deserve the best. So, pile number one, that was your reading. I hope you've enjoyed it and if you have, please give me a thumbs up. Subscribe to the channel so that you never miss a reading that I upload. Don't forget to click on your notification bell and I'll catch you in the next reading. Bye. Hi, pile number two. So you've chosen this beautiful picture here and straight away right before I read what I see here from Rumi's poem I sense straight away that this is a connection with deep love. It's so deep in fact that you guys have been through the highs and the lows. Uh when it was high, it was euphoric and when it was low, it really hurt the both of you. So it's a deep deep uh emotional connection here um with the highs uh showing that both of you have been through a connection um not a lot of people were able to experience all this romance uh when it comes to love, pile number two. Okay, so now let's read what you have on your card. So on this side we're going to do what their first impressions of you were and on this side we're going to see how they see you now, pile number two. So spirit guides, kindly help us to what were their first impression of pile number two, please? All right. So, pile number two, you have page of You have the chariot. Wow, you have the world. You have wow, the sun. Pretty amazing first impression, huh? I mean the combination is really amazing. Yeah, that's why you have that obviously. Six of pentacles, of course. And you have the seven of wands. Right, so that was their first impression of you. Before we begin in order to have a better more informative reading let's take a look at how they see you now. So, how do they see pile number two, please? How do they see pile number two now? Okay, I see these two one things oop to come out. Okay. So, pile number two for how they see you now you have the wheel of fortune which is change in this deck. You have success again in the six No, this time is the six of wands. You have sharing. Oh, okay. the ten of wands, suppression. And you have five of wands, totality right under the sharing. So, pile number two, I told pile number one that they'll probably be the only pile where their person thinks even better uh of them now than they did even before, even though it started off well. I'm I've learned my lesson. I shouldn't predict anything for the other piles, so I'm sorry about that. Pile number two, uh you are one of the people where your person thinks even high more highly of you now. This is a very deep relationship here. If this is a romantic relationship, your person is madly in love with you, and I see you being equally in love with them, pile number two. You really uh adore them is the word I'm hearing. Or they adore you. There's a lot of adoration going on in this pile. And it seems like it's a spiritual relationship. It seems like it's divinely guided. I'm not going to use any terminologies. I don't want to use any terminologies, but it's definitely a divinely uh guided relationship. Uh it has its ups and low downs, and it seems like there's a lot of work to happen here. So, now let's take a look at what their impression what were their impressions of you uh in the beginning. my god, pile number two, I don't know what to tell you. You have the World card, the Chariot, the Page of Cups, the Sun, the my god, the Six of Pentacles. There was an instant falling in love with this person, with the Chariot right under Six of Cups. And I see the spark. You reciprocated there as well, pile number two. You felt it. You felt it straight away. Again, with the World card, the World card is all about completion. And so, uh this person found everything they dream of in you. You um the minute they saw you, pile number one, they felt like their heart popped open. And they felt like they've experienced something they can only dream of. Wow. Uh such a powerful pile here. It took this person quite some time to be able to actually get to you and create a relationship with you for one reason or the other here. Um maybe there were certain circumstances that kept you apart a little bit in the beginning. That could be it, or maybe you were taking your time. Uh as well, maybe you had work, you had studies. Whatever it is, it took just a little bit of time until they were finally able to express their how they feel towards you. Pile number two, it was very quick. I mean, their emo- emotions, I'm hearing rampage. Were there was a lot of heart beating involved. Uh yeah, you see a lot of heart beating when they saw you. There were a lot of sparks, butterflies, emotions running everywhere. They thought about you all the time. Uh this person knows that you are the love of their life. It's very clear everywhere here. It looks like you might have had a falling off, pile number two, of some sort. This relationship is meant to succeed, but there's a lot of things that need to be fixed between both of you. And it's only going to happen when both of you listen more to each other. Um and it's not enough to express your emotions towards each other. While it's amazing, there's more to it. It's these emotions are keeping your relationship uh glued together, keeping both the both of you glued together. So, there needs to be change here. Uh how do they see you now? They see you as the best thing that ever happened to them. Uh their emotions never change. They only get stronger by the day. They only want to love you more and get closer to you. Um they still feel this rush that they felt in the beginning. Um but as I said, there's a lot of things to be worked on here, pile number two, between the both of you. And this person realizes that. They realize that there needs to be more cooperation between both of you, because it because um it's may there things are becoming harder between the both of you. And while you the emotions kept it close for a very long time, it was the glue to this relationship, uh it seems like there needs to be more. It's not going to hold this relationship forever. There need There's underlying work that needs to get done that hasn't been done because of the euphoria of the emotions. And now this person is starting to realize that there has to be some sort of communication um because they will never let go of you. Uh they're going to hold on to you forever, pile number two. And the only thing that they're thinking now is in order for this relationship to succeed to its beautiful place that it's meant to be in, there has to be cooperation between the both of you. And this person is thinking, I'm not going to let go of them. I'm going to see what needs to get done to fix this. They don't want to hurt you because it hurts them uh thinking that you could be hurt. You are just the most beautiful thing that they see and feel. It's so beautiful. Pile number two, how they hold you so dear. uh it Maybe there's a little bit of separation. If this is the case, it's been taking a toll on them. Or maybe you're in disagreement. And again, it's taking a toll on both of you, especially this person. Your uncomfort, your uh I don't want to say irritation, but your um hurt is really hurting them. Uh pile number two, this discomfort in the relationship is causing a threat to the foundation. While it's very strong, this person is worried that they might spoil something so beautiful. And it seems like this person, with the Six of Wands here, is successfully going through this process of change, of learning how to be a better partner for you. Uh how to give more, because it seems like this person is a very giving person and is willing to do a lot in order to make this work is what I hear. So, pile number one, uh their impression of you hasn't ever changed. In fact, they only see you as more amazing. And when they go back and think of how they thought about you, they now think to themselves, "Wow, they're even better than what I thought." This is really how they're thinking, pile number two. You're really their dream come true um in this pile. How this person sees you now, pile uh is that they can see you capable of going the other way and leaving the relationship if needed. They do know that this is going to be very painful for you. They do know that you hold them dear and that you love them very much. But they also can see that you are quite strong. And if things are not fixed, as much as you love them, you can go the other way. And this is something that they cannot even imagine uh at this point. It It worries them, but they never want you to get this idea and uh lose hope and let them go. So, they're really successfully reevaluating themselves here, pile number two. Because like I said, to them, they will never let go of you. That's the main thought that they have about you here. Pile number two. What I see here as well is that sometimes they pause and they think about the fact that you're actually in their life, and they go, "Wow, I still can't believe that this person is in my life." And um even though you've been spending time together, and obviously you've been very romantic together with all the highs and lows, this person still sometimes it still hits them that they're with you, and they feel very blessed about it. They feel like, "Wow, I I still can't believe I'm with this one amazing person, and I will do anything uh that I need to be doing in order to keep this very lucky beautiful relationship here. So, for those of you in separation, expect this person to reach out to you soon, offer you a solution, discuss things with you very soon because this person is really needs to connect with you misses you a lot if you both of you are in separation. If not, it still holds the same. This is all about a person going through a process of thinking of how to change things into better. In fact, you have the word change success sharing and it's totally clear here that they are taking a new direction into changing the things that are hurting the relationship. They are successfully finding good solutions and changing their behavior and they're now ready to share, hold your hand and share and give you what you need to take as well. So, it's just like we saw here with the six of Pentacles. There was a lack of reciprocation in some area that they did not understand because that's the equivalent card here. And now we have the solution of sharing at the end of the reading showing that now they understand how to reciprocate things better and they're now ready to offer this new solution to you and offer their love again and show you how much they're willing and capable of doing for you, pile number one. So, pile number one, that was a really sweet reading. I wish you both all the best of luck. This is so cute. And if you've enjoyed this reading, Hi, pile number three. So, you've chosen this beautiful card. Let me get it closer to the camera. So, this is how it looks like. It says gainful employment. Why does the fear of loss restrain you when it comes to faith? Haven't you seen how gainfully employed the prophets and saints are? Haven't you seen what minds of treasure have opened to them from frequenting the shop of spirit? So, before we get into the meaning of what I see here, I heard battery low before we started your specific pile. So, it seems like pile number four there has been some challenges in this connection. It seems like it now is the time to fix things. there is a fear of loss here maybe from their side or your side towards this connection because it seems like it's a dear one to both of you and you never want to have the it's light turn off. You want it always igniting. So, now let's take a look at the reading properly. Now that we've had a a quick idea about the card and the channeled message and on this side, we're going to take a look at what their first impression of you was and on this side, we're taking a look at how they see you now. So, let's begin with your tarot cards. So, how does person's number three see them? What was their first impression of them? Sorry. What was pile number three's person first impression of them? So, you have the Chariot. I see a card here. We need to take it out. Ooh, 10 of Cups. Okay. the World. Right. the four of Wands under the World. Wow. Your piles today. Woah, the Empress under the 10 of Cups. And the eight of Cups. Okay, so now let's take a look at Pile number three. So, for this we'll be using the Osho deck. And we kindly want to know, please how they see them now. Ooh, I see a card popping up. Again. Change in the same place. If you've picked pile number two, I wouldn't be surprised. Experiencing. That's the three of Wands. You have the six of Pentacles here. You have the five of Swords. That's comparison under change. There's a There's confusion here and some sort of loss of memory. Not remembering something. We'll find out. You have new vision. seven of Cups as projection. So, like I said, I don't know what's up today with the piles. The person you're talking about has was fully impressed by you when they first saw you. I mean, what better cards can you have, pile number three? The World, the 10 of Cups, the Chariot, four of Wands, the Empress. Like, I'm speechless here. This person really thought very highly of you. There was a lot of movement meaning they fell in love with you pretty quickly. With the World, the four of Wands and the Empress along with the 10 of Cups, this is a strong combination of someone seeing everything that they wanted in you. You you were it was very exciting seeing you in the beginning, pile number three. They rushed to see you. They were excited about meeting you and finally seeing you. They were excited about asking about you or maybe researching you on the internet. They felt like they not just found the person who they like, they found someone who they connect with who is exactly who they want to include in their life. So, I feel like puppy love Not that both of you are teenagers. I'm just saying that there was a lot of butterflies, a lot of excitement in the very beginning. They saw you as gorgeous, especially you, pile number three. They found you very attractive. There was a lot of rush. because there was a big burn of emotions that surged out in the very beginning. They were quick to know that you are the one. There was no question about it or comparisons or or anything of the sort. They knew that you were the one and they moved towards this rush confidently and it seems like created a beautiful bond in the very beginning. Pile number one. Now, this person could be a little bit hasty here. There's a lot for this person to learn because it seems like there's some immature energy with comparison here with the five of Swords with the six of Pentacles here coming as compromise, the projection. I see a lot of head-to-head energy. I see a lot of stubbornness going on and this person sees you as still their dream come true. You have the Chariot in both before and the after. So, there's strong force of them wanting to be with you, still being their dream come true, but there's a change in energy here of a lot of head-to-head energy. They strongly need to learn reciprocation. And it seems like they don't understand this energy and in their mind, they're thinking that you're I don't even know if you that's a bad word. You're budding heads with them. Is that a good word or or a bad word? Please let me know in the comment section. I'd actually like to know. So, it seems they think that you're um bickering with them. When in fact, with the three of Wands, you seem to be quite wise and you want to take your rights and set your limits properly with them so that things are going well. at this point, they don't understand that. Um they think you're with the three of Wands here is waiting unnecessarily, like being stubborn unnecessarily. Uh maybe they feel a little bit of change from you from being loving to you taking your energy a little bit from them, which they don't like, of course, because they obviously have a lot of feelings for you. But, with this pile, I feel like there's a a big misunderstanding with this person. With the new vision, it seems like this person needs to change the way they see things. And it seems like they go back and forth. There's stagnant energy here with the three of Wands. A lot of energy when it comes to thinking, but not a lot of energy with actually doing anything yet because the three of Wands is all about waiting unnecessarily for something that you should be taking action on. it's a time for them to really grow a little bit. Not that they're immature. It but we all need to grow in some in one area or the other. And it seems like this is the area where they need to understand better because it seems like pile number three that they haven't been in a real relationship before. What's the word called? It's not even real in a significant It wasn't as deep rooted as this one. This one is very deep and they really have strong You're a little bit wiser than they are in this connection. Um they can sometimes see that, but they are too stubborn to admit it. And they don't want to change their mind sometimes. But, at the same time, they feel like things are stagnant. It's not moving. And I think they're still stubborn, but they're starting to consider taking a look at things just a little bit different. Taking a look at your point of view versus their point of view. And I think they feel like your point of view is actually a lot smoother than what they're saying. Yours is a lot more fair and giving than their point of view. They're kind of seeing that they're they could come off as a little bit selfish. That their point of view is more stubborn and selfish and that your point of view is more of a reciprocative kind of energy with the six of Pentacles. there is back and forth thoughts here at the moment of them not their ego showing them that you are stubborn. While their mind and heart when they think of you softly, feel like you're you actually want this beautiful reciproc- reciprocative energy. And they feel like at the moment their stubbornness is holding things off. And it goes back and forth. Sometimes they feel it's their stubbornness that's holding things off and then sometimes they feel like it's your stubbornness that is hindering So, yeah, there's this back and forth energy going on with this person here and how they see you. But, it looks like with the Wheel of Fortune that there will eventually be change. And again, with new vision here, that's a Chariot. it looks like they will start they will start to be moving energy eventually of them I won't say fully changing, but opening up to the idea of doing things better because they understand that they need to compromise the way they think. And compromise here does not mean that they should they should be unfair to themselves. But, with compromise here, there is compromise in thought to consider someone else's point of view. I think with the intense emotions that is present in this relationship, there will be with the This gives me a feeling of the Ace of Swords. There will be a new type of thought, a new beginning of them um reconsidering things and you will see change in them, pile number two. Um I think they will be speaking in a different way soon, but don't expect sudden full change. But, do expect them to be moving towards the right direction and wanting to make things right because you are dear and you really do matter to them. Pile number three. So, pile number three, that was your beautiful reading. If you've enjoyed it, please give me a thumbs up. Subscribe to the channel so that you never miss a reading that I upload. Don't forget to click on your notification bell and I'll catch you in the next reading. Hi, pile number four. So, as I was preparing for your for your pile and shuffling, I heard pain in my leg. And that straight away gives off the impression for me um that at the moment uh there's pain in this relationship where you're not able to move forward. And then I wasn't surprised when I saw this card. I of course forgot what the first card was like because I did three piles. And when I saw it, it really confirmed to me that there's a lot of pain here. So, let me show you your pile. I think you saw it in the beginning. And this is a Rumi poem here. It says, "Be washed. Water says to the dirty, come here. The dirty one says, I'm so ashamed. Water says, how will your shame be washed away without me?" So, I'm really seeing here a lot of regret, guilt, sorrow, pain, not knowing how to move forward. I don't know what this is about yet. We'll find out here with your piles and we're going to divide them into two. will be on this side and how they see you now will be on this side. So, let's pick out your tarot cards, pile number four. And find out how uh what was pile number four's person first impression of them, please. What was Wow. Okay. That came straight off. So, it was a quick impression here that they built uh for you in the beginning. Then you have the Ace of Wands. Right? Can you see? Yep. the Seven of Wands. Then you have the Nine of Swords. Wow, and the Nine of Cups. Wow. Nine of Cups is wish fulfillment with emotions. So, I see here with the Ace of Wands, the idea of instantly fall love from first sight here in this pile. Love from first sight. Wow, the Fool under the Seven of Wands. And the Justice under the Nine of Swords. A lot of crying here. Pile number four. Okay. So, before we get deeper into this, let's first set out our cards here of how they see you now. So, how does pile number four's person see them now? Again, changing in the same place. What's up with your piles today? So magical. What is going on? I mean, is there the same person watching all these piles today? If you are one of these people, high five to you. Okay. So, let's see. Thunderbolt here. Yeah. Yeah, like I said, it hurts not knowing how to go. Things are tricky now. You have integration with the robbers here appearing. That's pretty significant. All right. That's the World card. Integration. You have the Four of Cups, which is tuning in. No, no, no, no. uh the Queen of Wands, which is flowering in this pile. Uh sorry, the Queen of Pentacles, and you have the Eight of uh Pentacles with Ordinary. So, pile number four, what I see here for you with this person is that in the very beginning, their first impression of you is, of course, uh here a dream come true. Uh it was love at first sight. They found you to be their wish come true when it comes to emotions. Uh they found you to be um a little bit difficult to get into a relationship, maybe because you were a little bit closed off with your energy. You um maybe weren't interested in the very beginning with them. And it seems like you were protective of yourself because of a past relationship that you didn't like, and so you're you were quite careful now. And they were They're actually a good soul, pile number four here, because they were very worried about hurting you. They found you as a beautiful soul who I get feminine femininity coming in. So, for some of you, if you identify as feminine as feminine as a feminine Yeah, this is how they saw you. There's a lot of feminine energy here. Uh protective energy, a lot of innocence, uh honesty. So, they really thought highly of you, and you seemed like this delicate, beautiful person who they did not want to hurt. Um it seems like you came off from something that was quite difficult, and you were protecting yourself. You told them that you do not want to get into anything that uh with anyone that would treat you the way treated in the past with this certain person. And it seems like this person was very careful and was trying to be careful to be up on your level, because you have the Justice card here. Really reminding me of, of course, honesty and integrity, but at the same time of um repaying what you did. Um just like in Egyptian mythology, when you move into the other life, there is this balance that shows your deeds against the feather. And there's a lot of integrity with you, and a lot of uh worry about the consequences of not treating you with the same level of honesty here. Uh pile number one. So, that was the worry that was in the beginning of the connection here. Um yeah, they saw you as honest, smart, sweet, pretty, feminine. And if you identify as masculine, they they felt you were attractive. Um but with a soft heart. You were real. And so, now, there seems to be some lack of movement in this connection. There seems to be a lot of pain, a lot of things that need to change. And especially with the Temperance card here, that's 14. Uh with the with the Ouroboros as well, marking the beginning and the end of relationships, making it never-ending. And so, pile number four, if you've if you're worried that this is the end, if they're worried that this is the end, it's not the end. It's just a big challenge in this connection that needs a lot of work. And uh with the Queen of Pentacles here, right under the thunderbolt, it really shows that this person is willing to to change and take the pain and the effort of um reigniting this connection, making it work again. Uh pile number four. With the change right under the Four of Cups in your pile, this person is genuinely uh thinking about change. Um they haven't done anything yet, but they're very much thinking about change, because they're in great pain over the idea that it could be the end. It seems like they're in a lot of pain, and they don't know what to do. And this is why you have the message here, "Water says to the dirty, come here." The dirty one says, "I'm so ashamed." So, uh and this person still doesn't know how to go about it and how to make it work. Uh they're in the energy of thinking deeply about it, of thinking how they can make things work work. And this is why you have the Temperance here, weighing out what they've done wrong, what they can fix. Uh and they're definitely uh working on these ideas in their head. Uh and during this, perhaps this separation here, they constantly are amazed by your honesty. And it's the And it's this integrity and honest honesty, pile number four, that makes them want to change now. That makes them want to change themselves to be to be a better person for you, pile number four. They see you as more stable, and they see you as independent. And they know they can lose you at any point. So, at the moment, there's a lot of thinking energy. Pile number four. Uh how they see you now. They see you as with the Nine of with the Sorry, Queen of Pentacles here. This is a beautiful, independent person is enjoying their life, knows the right from the wrong, and takes things slowly. uh will not allow in what will mess this beautiful haven that he or she has created. Um believes in the energy that they exude, believes in uh what they do, and will not accept bad energy coming from the outside. They will not accept immature behavior any longer. Um they see you as in the middle, where you have feelings for them, but you would choose yourself first. And that really uh scares them, uh pile number four. They see you, however, as someone who's willing to work in the relationship, and to create a healthier bond, because you seem like a stable person. That's what they feel. And they feel like they are the ones, honestly, that need to level up in order to make this change, in order to make this work. Um I don't know why there is pain in the leg and lack of ability to move. Perhaps there is guilt, or uh ego fighting them. Or perhaps um maybe they feel like you won't forgive them because they've done something really big. And it's up to you, pile number four, whether you want to take them in or not. But they still see you as with the um Wheel of Fortune here, as very fortunate to have had to be with you. And with the Temperance card here, especially depicted with this beautiful picture here, they see you as a diamond that they need to be worthy of having. Um a quite a balanced person, and uh you could move on if they're not willing to do things correct, and uh work properly on this beautiful connection that they hold as very dear. Uh pile number four. They now see a stronger side in you, a side that is I want to say scary, but it's not really scary. To them, might feel like scary, they've seen a side to you that is not accepting of wrong behavior. And while, like we said in the beginning, you have this feminine energy, soft, beautiful energy, loving energy, you have shown them a very uh tough side of you. And they see you as stronger, and that's why you're coming very strongly now as a very independent person who's not afraid to be alone, who's not going to accept wrong behavior or disrespect in any way. And they realize now, with the Ouroboros especially here, there's a an energy of ongoingness, never-ending. Uh they will change. They're really thinking deeply about changing and working on themselves to match with what you want, pile number four, because you've been giving a lot from your side. And they really respect your stagnant energy of standing on standing your ground even if they don't like it. But I see a lot of respect for you. For standing your ground and in their heart I think they're saying good job. You've really grown and you've really become a strong person. So there is a nurturing feeling towards you as well pile number four. this person really does hold you dear because you can't have a thought like that of being away but being proud at the same time unless uh you mean so much to them pile number four. So pile number four that was your reading. This is how your person saw you versus how they see you now. I see a genuine person but of course use your own discernment and uh if you've enjoyed this reading please give me a thumbs up, subscribe to the channel so that you never miss a reading that I upload. Don't forget to hit your

  Top Comments:
  1. @RaniaSamir-pv1ug [3 likes]: انا اخترت القرأة الرابعة و الأخيرة و أنطبقت عليا ، و الغريب حضرتك قولتي في بداية القرأة إنك شعرتي بألم في قدمك و لا تعلمي سبب الالم ،و انا فعلآ أعاني بألم في قدمي الأن و كنت عند الدكتور العظام إمبارح مع إنها قراة من سنتين بس متطابقة معايا جدآ ، انا مستمتعه وانا بسمع قرأتك أتنمى لكي يوم جميل مثلك 💝😍
  2. @keep-learning-student-of-life: Picked pile 2 & 3 ❤
  3. @cicci82: ❤
  4. @amishaacharya7392: 1🤍🌺🙏🏻 Thank you jagannath ji 🌺 Thank you Ganesh ji 🌺 Thank you Maa Kali 🌺 Thank you Angels guides 🤍 Thank you spirit guides 🤍 Thank you Goddess Aphrodite 🌹 Thank you universe 🤍🙏🏻
  5. @saoshyantastrology1111: Your old readings were much better: clear, to the point, conclusive, concise....
  6. @Reverie_reveals: I'm back again, I search this (I have screenshot) years ago. I'm drawn to Pile 1, 2 and 4. It's like, it's my reading.
  7. @leticiaduarte9569: Pile 2... loved my reading. Love your soothing voice, White feather tarot! ❤🇧🇷
  8. @gfuroz.17: Pile 1 & 2! Thanks 🤍
  9. @Justsomeone24: Pile4 I felt for him the way she way😢
  10. @stellievision: I love the cards you made yourself. So nice
  11. @Fadya-y2h: Pile 2 ..all is good but I felt the video isn't clear enough..even the voice wasn't clear like other videos you posted..thank you reem❤🎉
  12. @SerenityPeaceProtection: You’re so accurate as always
  13. @Naha7: Pile4🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻❤️❤️
  14. @senkavukmirovic2162: ❤ 1.pile ❤
  15. @joudykh9703: Pile 4 🌸🤍
  16. @bibihossain2223: 💚💚💚
  17. @VriEvolutionTarot: ❤❤❤❤
  18. @JM-vs9wf: ❤❤❤
  19. @swapnas5735: ❤❤❤
  20. @adyashaacharya7903: //

- Why Your First 3 Seconds in Video Really Matter: Kind: captions Language: en But I think from an overall perspective, uh something to really focus on and uh for today is really thinking about the animated GIF. Um a lot of the times when you record a video, just smiling is fantastic. Smiling was great, but when you look at a GIF, like when you hit record with a dub video and the first 3 seconds is there, you can technically with editing take a different part of the video and bring it to the front, but for efficiency purposes, when you hit record, what are you doing for that first 3 seconds? What is it telling that person that gets the video? Because if I get something like this, you know, I immediately have some kind of context because I know on the phone, hey Sarah, if I was Sarah, great, that's my name. Hello. That's perfect. But if you're sending this to like a group of people, whether it's a newsletter in real estate, whether it's an update within your contacts in any industry that you're in, coaching, consulting, insurance, mortgage, and there's some piece of information you need to relay that's juicy to get them to want to open this, you know, click on this link, you can have it right there on the digital whiteboard function on the Dub mobile app. So, think about what are you saying to that person or to that group. That's what's really important because in sales now, if it's just some gif that doesn't give me any kind of clue or isn't interesting or doesn't make me think about what this could possibly be, then it's kind of just boring and and I don't really have a link to even want to click on it. So, you really need to think because the sales cycle in general is there's so many touch points, but when you're initially reaching out to someone or you're re-engaging with a group or re-engaging with someone you haven't spoken to in a while, you you need to take advantage of the GIF. It has to do some of the selling for you. So, by the time I click on this, I have context. And that first line that comes out of your mouth has to be something very interesting. Whether it's a fact, whether it's a question, the GIF, it always starts with the GIF. What is said here? What does this look like? And then that kind of bounces from there. So, you have to make a decision on when I'm reaching out for whatever the purpose is, what am I showing? And I think that's a big part of it.

- First impressions | Walker Steck | TEDxLakeTravisHigh: Kind: captions Language: en Transcriber: Victor Borges Reviewer: David DeRuwe (Mumbling) Hi, everyone. My name is Walker Steck, and I would just like to talk to you guys about the connection between first impression and ... (Normal talking) No, I'm just kidding. That would be terrible. Hi, everyone! As I said up here rather quietly, my name is Walker Steck, and I'd like to talk to you guys between first impression and future relationship. Now, as I just stood up here, rather, or - oh my gosh, sorry. As I stood up here, holding on to my index cards for dear life, you all did a little something called making a first impression. And it's not your fault. We all - oh my, I didn't get the clicker. Sorry, guys. Thank you. Okay, so as humans, we form 10 to 20 images of what we think a person's personality is like based on 15 seconds of conversation. Now, let's do the math. Of these 10 to 20 images - let's say we meet two new people a day for seven days a week; that's about 200 new images that we have created of people just based on 200 seconds of conversation. Now, another fun fact: 85% of these images are going to be just dead wrong, not even in the same ballpark of what the person's personality is like, and only 15% are going to be remotely true of how they act around people. Now, let me tell you about a little personal narrative I [read], ironically titled "Making a First Impression," by Maggie Scarf. In the article, Scarf talks about meeting a guy at a bar. The two get to talking. Things are going great. A little laughter, give-take conversation, everything you look for in a good first impression. But she slips up. One bad reaction to a joke. She didn't laugh. And in one or two seconds of awkward silence, the two have shut down any chance of any sort of connection in the future. Now, I know what you're all thinking. "Why do I need to hear the story about the girl who doesn't get the guy?" And you don't. I'm not here to tell you about everyone's sad story, because I can't - there's too many. I am standing here in front of you today on this TEDx stage to make you aware of how seriously we all take these infamous first impressions. Now, after all these numbers and stories, some of you still might not be 100% sure about what it is I'm trying to say. So let me tell you. I'm just asking you to consider my points. The next time you meet someone, ask a few more questions, stay interested in their answers, just keep the conversation alive long enough so that you're actually able to form an accurate image of what the person is like. If you jump to conclusions too quickly, you may never know what the relationship could be like. When I was in eighth grade, my discovery teacher, Ms. Magia, once told me, "Walker, you miss 100% of the shots you don't take." Now, I found this quote to be rather relevant to the situation, so I took a little spin on it myself: "You end every friendship you don't start." Good, yeah? Good, yeah? Whatever. The point is that you could be talking to your soulmate, long-term best friend, maybe even husband or wife in the future, and it can all be thrown away if you jump to conclusions about their personality too soon. So, just do me a favor. Next time you meet someone, try all these things: the intriguing conversation, the time extension on the first conversation, because I promise you one day you'll look back and just think, "Oh, man, that kid was right. I wish there was some way to thank him." "Thewalk101@gmail.com" if you truly just can't wait to thank me for my genius advice. (Laughter) No, only a joke. But, in all seriousness, you will be thankful that you spent 15 extra seconds of your life talking to someone who you could spend the next 15 years of your life with. (Applause) (Cheers)

  Top Comments:
  1. @TheyCallMeVlad [194 likes]: Ignore these negative comments. It takes bravery for a high school student to stand up and speak to a crowd, good work buddy.
  2. @keffertv304 [19 likes]: I'm doing a leadership training class on how to give a proper first impression and I was worried about how to start the script since doing it virtually can make it hard to be engaging. This was a really good and inspiring speech and it definitely gave me a great example.
  3. @powerstonez [18 likes]: what a lot of people don't realize is that the JOKE is that he ISN'T making a good first impression
  4. @yousraadly7341 [9 likes]: First impressions and feeling are the most true feelings and gets stuck forever in oneself memory weather love or in all relationships , stay elegant 24/7 dear you never know whom you gonna meet .😂😂
  5. @zaidmadani8823 [7 likes]: nice job dude ..
  6. @HoorMahaveera [7 likes]: Great 👍🏼
  7. @Crunglebrungle [5 likes]: beauty bro beauty
  8. @ghadanouh4850 [5 likes]: Thanks a lot
  9. @SterlingCaporale [4 likes]: This came up as "recommended" in my feed. Great content.
  10. @lianamumford [4 likes]: Great talk! Well done! The thought that my son (who is 5 at the moment) will have to stand up in front of the big audience one day, scares me. You did well!
  11. @Kumar_harsh [4 likes]: First good impression needs extra effort ( or I just have non)
1. Height x
2. College x ( coz it's open/correspondence)
3. Body/gym body x 
4.dressing/ gromming sense x
5.traveling photos .. x
.... Etc

Literally so many things people in general find interesting is not in me for sure ... I am not sad about it coz once someone try to be with me in my company for a while ...they never want to leave me ... I am not good at first impressions and that sucks coz people today are very much into it ... I have stories behind things...why something about it is that way why it's not like that ... many stories 

But yk having audience needs a good impression a clickbait if you similar to me ... And I don't havw these stuff as my first impressions coz I don't believe in them in first place how can I even fake it ...nvr 

It's okay to be a person of impact in your small circle...
  12. @mckosts [2 likes]: my homework
  13. @marcushahn6750 [1 likes]: 3/5
  14. @Thecunningfitness [1 likes]: oh i thought there was a second, first impression.
  15. @pussycla [1 likes]: Your first impression was 🖕🏻
  16. @franciscoreyes5307: Nice content!
  17. @mydigitalmukhia: Who is here in July 2925
  18. @kapparei_is_here: Hm. I think that he's more bravery than he want to show.
I mean, all that hesitations and nervous looks like special trained and artistic.
  19. @graysennacimento2502: ok thanks ted
  20. @stevens48fam23: He sucks so much and hope he does not make more

- Should you trust your first impression? - Peter Mende-Siedlecki: Kind: captions Language: en Imagine you're at a football game when this obnoxious guy sits next to you. He's loud, he spills his drink on you, and he makes fun of your team. Days later, you're walking in the park when suddenly it starts to pour rain. Who should show up at your side to offer you an umbrella? The same guy from the football game. Do you change your mind about him based on this second encounter, or do you go with your first impression and write him off? Research in social psychology suggests that we're quick to form lasting impressions of others based on their behaviors. We manage to do this with little effort, inferring stable character traits from a single behavior, like a harsh word or a clumsy step. Using our impressions as guides, we can accurately predict how people are going to behave in the future. Armed with the knowledge the guy from the football game was a jerk the first time you met him, you might expect more of the same down the road. If so, you might choose to avoid him the next time you see him. That said, we can change our impressions in light of new information. Behavioral researchers have identified consistent patterns that seem to guide this process of impression updating. On one hand, learning very negative, highly immoral information about someone typically has a stronger impact than learning very positive, highly moral information. So, unfortunately for our new friend from the football game, his bad behavior at the game might outweigh his good behavior at the park. Research suggests that this bias occurs because immoral behaviors are more diagnostic, or revealing, of a person's true character. Okay, so by this logic, bad is always stronger than good when it comes to updating. Well, not necessarily. Certain types of learning don't seem to lead to this sort of negativity bias. When learning about another person's abilities and competencies, for instance, this bias flips. It's actually the positive information that gets weighted more heavily. Let's go back to that football game. If a player scores a goal, it ultimately has a stronger impact on your impression of their skills than if they miss the net. The two sides of the updating story are ultimately quite consistent. Overall, behaviors that are perceived as being less frequent are also the ones that people tend to weigh more heavily when forming and updating impressions, highly immoral actions and highly competent actions. So, what's happening at the level of the brain when we're updating our impressions? Using fMRI, or functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging, researchers have identified an extended network of brain regions that respond to new information that's inconsistent with initial impressions. These include areas typically associated with social cognition, attention, and cognitive control. Moreover, when updating impressions based on people's behaviors, activity in the ventrolateral prefrontal cortex and the superior temporal sulcus correlates with perceptions of how frequently those behaviors occur in daily life. In other words, the brain seems to be tracking low-level, statistical properties of behavior in order to make complex decisions regarding other people's character. It needs to decide is this person's behavior typical or is it out of the ordinary? In the situation with the obnoxious-football-fan-turned-good-samaritan, your brain says, "Well, in my experience, pretty much anyone would lend someone their umbrella, but the way this guy acted at the football game, that was unusual." And so, you decide to go with your first impression. There's a good moral in this data: your brain, and by extension you, might care more about the very negative, immoral things another person has done compared to the very positive, moral things, but it's a direct result of the comparative rarity of those bad behaviors. We're more used to people being basically good, like taking time to help a stranger in need. In this context, bad might be stronger than good, but only because good is more plentiful. Think about the last time you judged someone based on their behavior, especially a time when you really feel like you changed your mind about someone. Was the behavior that caused you to update your impression something you'd expect anyone to do, or was it something totally out of the ordinary?

  Top Comments:
  1. @obxurity [9 likes]: One of the managers at work is not well liked by other coworkers but I made sure to give a good first impression and introduced myself politely and told this manager how long I worked at this store and my skills in each department. It's been months and she still treats me with respect and is polite when we pass by each other. I always make sure to leave a good first impression especially meeting a new manager because it will determine how well the relationship between the two of you will be!
  2. @lily_vivacity4376 [1 likes]: POV : you are watching this video almost a decade later 😂😂😂
  3. @blackmewtwo3569 [1 likes]: At this point in age if they can admit that they are wrong or don’t know something that’s a genuine person because at least that means they’re willing to figure it out
  4. @Sarajohn.3 [1 likes]: I’ve never had someone offer me an umbrella before tbh
  5. @OrionOP4: Crazy how our brains track the rarity of behavior to judge character🧠📊
  6. @_Sami__: I would judge him based off the 2nd thing he did and I thought that is what the majority would do too
  7. @Aulia.Aliyev: So in a society where most people are rude and loud and obnoxious, having a person offer an umbrella would be the bigger impression changer?
  8. @Jurythelight: 3:50
  9. @JennaHast: 0:26 No, they don't change their mind. And this video still won't make people behave more mindful.
  10. @ΤΣΕΚΕΡΙΔΗΣΑΠΟΣΤΟΛΟΣ: Great😮
  11. @BradleyGutierrez_474: I’ve been using ResuBot to polish my resume. It’s surprising how much first impressions matter in that context too.
  12. @AdamWright_56: I recently came across ResuBot for creating resumes. It’s interesting how first impressions can also apply to job applications.
  13. @CharlesPeterRogers: Interesting to think about how our brain processes first impressions. Makes me wonder how I can present myself better to others.
  14. @GaryRussellRamirez: This was really eye-opening. I've always thought first impressions were everything, but now I see there's so much more beneath the surface.
  15. @ZoeCardwell: Everyone tends to get a little crazy during a football game so I’d forgive the dude. Besides, I generally like to see the best in people, and I feel immoral by judging him since I just met him.
  16. @mckayleepugmire9947: My instinct was to assume the football game behavior was not how he normally acts because in my experience people are more likely to act inappropriately when they get overexcited or riled up, and given the distinct lack of perfect people in the world, whether or not someone is a good person depends on how consistently they try to be a good person. By that argument, 2 encounters isn't enough data to make an accurate assessment of this person's character.
  17. @Anna_L_Karlova: Thank you! It is a great cartoon!🌹
  18. @asymmetry9988: The big problem with not going with your first impression about someone's character is that if you trust someone you shouldn't, you could end up being robbed, assaulted or killed. Better safe than sorry
  19. @MrAZulfadzli: Thanks for the highly positive, moral decision to call football, football. Not soccer.
  20. @cxllmegeo3557: 3:54 what your saying reminds me of Gestalts Principles of Similarity where one object can be emphasized if everything around it is the same and said object is different. I would suppose in this case, the immoral act outweighs good because our brains put emphasis on these immoral acts a lot more than good deeds like handing someone your umbrella mainly because it’s a common deed and a pattern we see often but the wrongful acts leave a stronger impression on our brains. 

I hope that wasn’t too complicated 😅

- The First 3 Seconds Decide Everything: Kind: captions Language: en Welcome. Here's a little something that I've been thinking about while sitting here at the workbench. Um it is hooks. What is a hook? Organic performance on social right now depends on the first 3 seconds. Um a lot of people pursue this differently and it matters how you do it. Well maybe it doesn't but some people do it through stupid things. Some people do create hooks. create that first 3 seconds of engagement through crazy motion, through video. It can be through the words, but what does matter is somebody stays on that for the first 3 seconds. It's crazy, I know, but you want to keep that in mind when creating reels. What is my hook? That can be done visually. Like I said, it can be done through audio. It can be done through the words that pop up, but you need to keep that in mind right now. If you're doing organic video, if you're doing reals, uh even if you're doing a slideshow like carousel signs, that engagement, that first 3 seconds matters and it can be annoying. But we have a tool that can use we can use yes we have a tool we can use uh AI can help us develop those hooks. It can help us go through and analyze what things are working. Save a bunch of reels that you like or things that you clicked on uh ideally in your market and then say what parts of these made me click on them. Maybe you don't need AI to analyze that. Um, analyze that yourself. But what is that hook? What is that moment that captured your attention and how did they use that? Because like it or not, that first 3 seconds, it matters. Now, personally, I'm not a fan. I want things to work the way I want them to work. And I have battled against this over and over and over. And recently I gave up. Recently I gave up the battle and decided I'm going with the flow. And you know what? The results matter. The results do change. So how did I do that? I went through analyzed a bunch of videos that I liked, things that were not stupid to me, things that made sense, things that fit our brand. And then I started making a list of what are these things? How do they work? I started writing them down as soon as I saw them. I started saving videos that that met what we want to do and analyze them myself first. And then I created this list and I put it in AI. Um, I'll tell you, I started in Gemini. I started in Gemini with my list and I said, "Help me develop these into hooks we can use." It gave me a list. Some were good, some were horrible. I then took that list and I copied it into Grock and I asked it the same thing except I said, "Take this list of hooks that I've developed and help me refine it. Maybe add some more." I got some mixed results there, too. Some great ones, some terrible ones. But between the two of them, I came up with a fairly solid list of hooks that I liked, video ideas. Uh, some were words, some were voiceovers that could be put on there. And now I have a list that I can create the video from. We are going to create some AI video to test. We are going to film our own videos like this that match those hooks. But it was a great little list to start developing some ideas off of. So hopefully you follow us on growthstudio on Instagram, follow us on Instagram, follow us on YouTube, follow us on our YouTube shorts and see how we are implementing those. Also an item of note, we are going to go into a little bit of a new series starting this week and this is where the hook idea really came from. But we are building out our own channel. Brand new channel. Why Run Today? Not really brand new. You know what? I've had that channel for over 2 years and have done nothing with it. On YouTube, we currently have 27 subscribers. Why run today? On Instagram, yrrun do. Today on Instagram, uh we have 122 followers currently. Just looked this morning. We're going to try and grow these channels using the same things and then share what is working for us. So this first development hooks, video, interesting items and then a story series to follow along and we will share what we're learning as we go. Thanks for joining me. Appreciate it.

- You Only Have 3 Seconds… Here’s Why It Matters: Kind: captions Language: en Did you know 3 seconds it's all we get? Hello, this is Robert the director of Baby Life Begins and you rock cuz you're here. Let's jump into it. 3 seconds is all we get in today's world in most conversations. That is called the decision window. 3 seconds, really? That feels almost insulting, doesn't it? And yet if we slow down and actually watch how people process information or move through their feeds, thumb scrolling and half distracted somewhere between boredom and curiosity, you start to realize something. It's not that people don't care. It's that they're deciding almost instantly whether whatever they're doing or watching or thinking about is worth caring about. This episode walks through the reality that most people scrolling will give maybe 3 seconds. And yet within that tiny window something real can land. Something can stick. Something can linger later when they're alone and thinking. So the question really becomes what actually makes those 3 seconds matter. We love those 3 seconds. The power of first impressions in Baby Life Begins post is real. It's present and it's winning. Why does calm truth outperform boasts or arguments? Because of that. It's calm. It's true. In those first 3 seconds, the viewer's brain is really, really busy and it's asking, "Is this for me? Do I understand this?" And it's quickly happening. Do I understand it? Should I stop or should I keep moving? Should I be in the doom scroll?" And here's the thing most people miss. The decision happens before logic kicks in. It's instinct. Boom, it's done. Pattern recognition, emotional tone, visual clarity, it's all important to get that hook, that 3 seconds. So, when we say 3 seconds, what we're really saying is we have a tiny window to earn, that's right, earn the next 10 seconds. See, the brain is filtering very fast. Our brains, and this is a physiological thing, is processing 1 billion bits per second through every source in our body, instantly. 1 billion bits, and we can only communicate or process 10 bits per second. So, filtering must take place, and it takes place instantly. Boom. We're doing it all the time, all of us, at every moment. So, think about the environment that Baby Life Begins lives in. It's the Gen Z world. There endless videos, competing messages, information, emotional overload, constant novelty, constant pulls on the dopamine. The brain adapts by filtering aggressively to figure out what's important, what's safe, and what to do next. So, it's not rejection, it's protection. So, if you you know, if something feels like confusing, we swipe on. If it's slow, we swipe on. If it's irrelevant, we move on. But, if something feels truthful, clear, visually grounded, emotionally steady, we like it. We pause. And about that pause, that's everything. We win, and Baby Life Begins posts are For us, that's the advantage, because we're doing it God's way, with God's design, and who God has made, we're made in the image of God. And that's where this flips, and this is important. Flips in a good way. We're not trying to win a debate in 3 seconds. We're not trying to uh be an arguer, but we are creating a pause, and in that pause, it gets us another 10 seconds, and then 10 seconds become 20 seconds, and 20 seconds is the definition of reflection. The Holy Spirit uses this in amazing ways. We're not fighting the feed, we appreciate the 3 seconds, and we're inside their attention zone. And that's where BLB Now, listen to this. Baby Life Begins is averaging 13 to 20 seconds average watch time in our reels. The average in the community is 1 to 3 seconds, mostly in the 1 to 2 second side. But ours is 13 to 20 seconds, and that's a God-given application. We're not doing it, we just do the best we can, but God's making it make sense to these Gen Zs who need and hunger for truth. The experts say that is exceptionally strong, 13 to 20 seconds. So, is it really only 3 seconds? Well, yes and no. It's 3 seconds to get their attention, stop the scroll. 10 seconds to build curiosity and credibility, and 20 seconds to plant something deeper, and that's what we do. What's amazing, you can apply this in almost any conversation, in any area of your life, and God will bless that. So, here's a final thought. You can do this, too. And we're not competing with arguments, we're competing with momentum and people's attentions. They're attending other things. We want them attend to truth. And so, think of this. If you're on a phone, and you're scrolling, that has powerful what we call inertia. People won't stop unless they're given a reason to stop. That could be in listening to you, but also in seeing a Baby Life Begin post. So, the real question then becomes, what makes someone pause? Usually our body language, our caring, our questions, our listening. And in the social media world, is it true? is it powerful? Is it quiet? Just enough so people can actually see what we are showing, who baby is. Okay, this single idea quietly shapes everything we're building and it can improve your life, too. And we really appreciate you being present with us. And here are some action steps for you to take seriously. It'll help us, it'll help reach more people. Please help us with a donation to make more excellent posts, more reels, and reach more Gen Z. That's the generation that needs this. It needs us. Do replies in the comment threads. Facebook, Instagram, TikTok, YouTube. Show you're listening by being there. Participate and respond with sensitivity and truth. Like and share the Baby Life Begins posts on Facebook, Instagram, TikTok, and YouTube. You know what that does? It automatically means more Gen Zs will see the posts. God will use that. And pray God does use each post every day. We know he will. We know he does. God bless you and thank you for listening. I'm Robert for Baby Life Begins.

  Top Comments:
  1. @BabyLifeBegins: Be honest… how fast do YOU scroll? 👀

- Lua in 100 Seconds: Kind: captions Language: en Lua a fast multi-paradigm scripting language famous for being so underrated imagine a language that's easier to learn than python while also being faster and more portable than python Lua was named after the moon when it was designed by a team of computer scientists in Brazil in 1993 it's lightweight and extremely fast because its virtual machine Maps very closely to see and when used with its Justin Time compiler it's widely considered the fastest scripting language in the world this makes it ideal for embedding into other applications like World of Warcraft or Roblox for example where users can write Lua to build their own games and features because the language is embedded into the base game it's easy to learn because it has only 21 reserved words and has only one data structuring mechanism called a table that can represent arrays dictionaries graphs trees and more it also supports collaborative multitasking with co- routines its standard library is very minimal but it does have a large ecosystem of packages with the Lu Rock package manager to get started install it then create a file ending in Lua declare a variable by providing a name and value by default variables are Global but make them local with the local keyword it's a dynamic language so no type annotations are required we can then use print to Output the value to the standard output there are no classes in Lua but anything you can imagine can be done with functions and tables a function is declared with the function keyword then closed with the nend keyword functions are first class objects which means they can be passed around to other functions to support functional programming patterns now to structured data you create tables with braces a table is actually an associate of array which means the index in the the array can be replaced with different values by default it uses integer values and the craziest thing about this language is that it starts the index at one instead of zero like most languages that gives us a conventional array but we can also easily create a dictionary by giving the keys a string value now we can use four to Loop over every key value pair in the table the language is single threaded but we can use co- routines to pause and resume a function create a co- routine then use yield to suspend its execution now somewhere else in the code use co-routine resume to continue execution until you get to the return statement now if you're a c programmer you'll be happy to know that Lua has a very simple C API it allows us to run Lua code inside a c program or vice versa run C code from a Lua program now to execute your code open up the terminal and run the Lua interpreter this is been Lua in 100 seconds hit the like button and subscribe if you want to see more short videos like this thanks for watching and I will see you in the next one

  Top Comments:
  1. @therealrewritesonic123 [2 likes]: I'm gonna pretend i understood all that and crash my game with totally pro my coding skills
  2. @ky_xd2 [2 likes]: While until true then return repeat or not nil local in if function for false
  3. @glitchspider_Std [1 likes]: firendly reminder that lua is so fast that if u dont wait in a loop it crashes
  4. @kumaradvikreal9238 [1 likes]: Hot take Lua is better than python(saying this as a roblox dev lol 😜)
  5. @VladdyDaddy45 [1 likes]: lua in 3 seconds; python if it was good
  6. @Bean_Lava: I spent a couple years learning C# and I didn't expect this 100 second video would make me learn so much about an alternative language so quickly.
  7. @cyan601: holy buzzwords
  8. @ujocdod: Starts at 1 :( Why would they do that?
  9. @the_chokolakto: 0:12 BRAZIL MENTIONED!!!!!!!
  10. @LarsHansenART: That looks so easy.
I think that LuaJit doing the business logic is an excellent idea. It's going to be in it's own OS thread as the main thread would usually wait in an accept syscall.
  11. @mamabiom7695: I dont get it this feels more like a review
  12. @ThatRandom0bbyist: lua being called the fastest programming language is such a joke
  13. @GAMERPLAYER-roblox: cheat buddy (i created the Rc7 with lua)
  14. @Musics_Playlists1: 100 seconds is 1 minute and 40 seconds
  15. @RainaPCB: How many Gregtech players are here?
  16. @eduardogallifa: Honestly, just let these obsolete languages die already and migrate everything to Python
  17. @FickleTube: Never compare Lua to Python.
  18. @CaptainVita: I came from Cpp and tried Lua for developing retro games in TIC-80 and for solving math problems. It was a breeze, and stupid fast to learn.
  19. @BejanGam: I know this doesn't have anything to do with the vid but...Matthew 6:33first seek the kingdom of God and his righteousness, and all these things will be given to you as well.
  20. @edim108: my first run in with Lua was when I decided to set up Neovim as an IDE for learning Rust. What struck me was how easy to figure out and how readable it was for a COMPLETE newbie like me with zero prior programming experience.
I'm still a complete beginner but the fact that I'm able to have a somewhat general idea of how and why the code I wrote works after 2 hours of following a tutorial on Nvim is really cool. AND it's used in Factorio modding?! I like Lua :D

- Bash in 100 Seconds: Kind: captions Language: en bash a command language interpreter for interacting with a computer from the command line it's also called a shell because it surrounds the operating system kernel to hide its intricate details while allowing you the programmer to do important stuff like access data and write files by typing simple commands this was a revolutionary concept when it was developed in the early 70s back when programmers were still using punch cards the shell concept evolved over the years with the bourne shell being the most popular version that is until 1989 when the born-again shell or bash came about when you open up the terminal on a unix machine like mac os and most linux distros the default shell is usually bash it provides a prompt where you can type a command which will then be interpreted by the shell and executed on the operating system to find out if you're running bash type in which dollar sign shell from the command line it's like any other application that lives in the binaries directory but bash is also a programming language that allows us to write scripts which means anything we type manually into the command line can be automated with code when you first launch the shell it actually runs a startup script that's defined in the bash profile or bashrc file on your system this allows you to customize the behavior and appearance of the shell whenever you start a new session you can add your own custom bash scripts to any project by creating a file that ends in dot sh for no file extension at all the first line in that file should always be a shebang followed by the path to the application that should run it below that we can start writing commands like echo to print something and they'll be interpreted line by line to create a variable type a name in all caps followed by the equal sign then reference it later in the script using a dollar sign in front of the name now to execute the script simply type the file name into the shell that was easy but what if we want to pass in some arguments when we run the script positional arguments will automatically be assigned variable names of 1 2 3 and so on now in other cases you may need additional user input in the middle of a script you can create loops in bash like a do while loop here that will prompt the user to continue the script on a yes answer or exit on a no answer from there we can implement conditional logic with an if statement which will test if the value on the left side is less than the value on the right side if true then run this command otherwise run the else command another cool feature is that if you have multiple long running processes you can run them in parallel in the background by adding an ampersand after the command this has been bash the born-again shell in 100 seconds if you want to see more short videos like this make sure to hit the like button and subscribe thanks for watching and i will see you in the next one

  Top Comments:
  1. @awvalenti [1 likes]: I'm not a native English speaker. I learned from game Lemmings that "to bash" also means to "to beat". I find it curious that people usually don't make any jokes or regards to that meaning of the word Bash. Maybe the original creator(s) intended that their new shell would bash their competitors?
  2. @SillyCatDork [1 likes]: Nice but i dont understand a shit
  3. @Ranran912: Gloriously short and sweet perfectly told me what I needed to know thanks man
  4. @Dr_Larken: If you’re not using the Terminal, what are you waiting for?
  5. @livetunes247: the which $shell command didn't work for me 🤣
  6. @987catradio: i keep getting deeper and deeper i feel like im going to be coding by inscribing silicon in a couple years
  7. @Хекс4237: 0:56 "SCRIPTING" LANGUAGE
  8. @liamcampbell8441: Cant wait for the Bourne Supremacy Shell
  9. @happy.ghost7: What terminal is shown in the video?
  10. @MuzammilHussain-ip8bs: any one in 2026
  11. @jjmjmn69: If I wasn't confused before.....
  12. @CodingCafe-h9j: Really, the baptism of Christ😂
  13. @ADILRADIDI: Thanks
  14. @johnmichalek9802: Sorry but bash is horrible…….. 🤦‍♂️
  15. @harshmadnani1613: just what I needed. 
Thanks
  16. @asimnabil7565: I just learnt bash and this video was a great recap after the long learning session
  17. @AAA_tim: The fact hat u can get sm1 to run an innocent look .jpeg file that hides a bash file that will completly comprimize the pc is scary af
  18. @ymcbss: a9wd soundtrack ive ever heard in my whole destiny
  19. @leomysky: These 100-second videos are so underrated
  20. @irfannuarym: Wow

- Godot in 100 Seconds: Kind: captions Language: en and Godot a free and open source game engine capable of building high quality 2D and 3D games it was created in 2007 in Argentina and open sourced in 2014 like Unity it provides an editor that allows you to create visualize and program the behavior of game objects however Godot weighs in at just 35 megabytes while providing a full feature developer experience that's approachable to beginners game code can be written in C sharp C plus plus or a purpose-built language called GD script it feels like a cross between typescript and Python and dramatically reduces the amount of complexity and boilerplate when coding game scripts to create a game you start with a scene which itself contains a tree of nodes nodes are like building blocks that can be assigned as the child of another node to control the appearance and behavior of objects in the scene any node can have a script attached to it allowing you to write code that updates the object for every frame in the game Loop you can then save the scene to disk and use it within other scenes when your awesome game is complete it can be exported with a single click to desktop web and mobile platforms or two consoles like Nintendo switch PS4 and Xbox via third-party providers to build your own game right now download it and create a new project start with a new 3D scene then add a static body node to it which is ideal for things like walls and Floors on its own it's invisible but we can change that by adding a collision shape node as a child choose a shape type on the right side then modify its actual size by editing the values directly or by dragging the Gizmo with the mouse it's still just a wireframe but we can bring it to Life by also adding a mesh instance node a mesh is a collection of triangles that make 3D shapes look realistic we can also make the scene look more realistic by adding a directional light to it which will cast Shadows off of other 3D objects now to add a player to the game we'll create another scene this time with a kinematic body as the root which is ideal for objects that you move around with a controller give it a collision shape and mesh then open up the project settings and go to input map from here we can create labels like move left and move right then map the those labels to multiple different controls like keys on a keyboard or buttons on a joypad and now we can write some code by attaching a script to the root object that moves the player when these inputs are pressed create variables with the VAR keyword with an optional type annotation and Export them to make them public in the editor now override the process or physics process function to calculate a new position for the player based on the inputs pressed by the user now go back to the main scene and add the player scene as a node also add a camera for the end user's point of view click play and you now have the beginning of a real video game this has been Godot in 100 seconds hit the like button for more short videos like this thanks for watching and I will see you in the next one

  Top Comments:
  1. @AmbientMirrors [5 likes]: For anyone struggling like I did when trying to add the player character shown in the video here's two things you need to know.

1. KineticBody = CharacterBody3D

2. If you're having trouble trying to find out how the guy in the video added the player from a different scene into the main scene. You click on the chain icon next to the "+" and it will show any scenes you've made for that specific project. If you don't see them then it's possible you have the scenes saved in a different place that doesn't show them in your "FileSyestem" (the name of the tab on the left sidebar). You need to move your scenes outside the ".godot" file but still in the Project file of the game your making and it will pop up like normal.

Hope this helps!
  2. @NAMETAG_01 [1 likes]: must been a wind that blue 0:17
  3. @RektXIII [1 likes]: Okay, okay... I'll download Godot
  4. @ISAAC_69000 [1 likes]: Not the four harbingers of Game making💀
Unity
Godot
Blender
Unreal
  5. @osysoftworks [1 likes]: this was godot in 156 seconds 🙏
  6. @osysoftworks [1 likes]: 0:07 bro looks like ed sheran wtf, oh hello tartaglia!!
  7. @eirianrobotto [1 likes]: i'm too stupid for even this. i just want to minecraft a half-life-like world. 
just wanna build space to move around and upload textures.
  8. @WawaCatAC [1 likes]: 0:16 freaky ahh video
  9. @kastensteven9428 [1 likes]: Hi
  10. @miguelmendoza_alvarado295: 160 seconds
  11. @kanekimcc: did bro miscalculate 1 minute
  12. @collective_tism: this is not 100 seconds my guy this is 159, be accurate (edit: added the be accurate)
  13. @stitchestheplushwolf: so pretty complex roblox studio
  14. @Haisto123: I didnt understand a fucking thing! :D (I dont even know how to code)
  15. @bushfighter21: How tf did a 3 minute video explain this better than multiple hour long tutorials?
  16. @egisshield: I've been waiting for... this!
  17. @walnatural802: how am I just now learning its "guhdaux" and not "go dot"
  18. @fred561g: What are the games you show at 0:04?
  19. @mika-e5e4e: kinematic body node does not exist
  20. @babyboss-brotherbaby44: Chinese Remixed!

- Unreal in 100 Seconds: Kind: captions Language: en Unreal Engine a suite of developer tools for building world-class interactive 3D experiences it was created by Tim Sweeney at epic games in 1995 is written in C plus and was originally designed for first person 3D shooter games today it's used to build AAA games like fortnite for visual effects and TV shows like the Mandalorian VR simulation and medicine and aviation in addition to Independent games by developers like you at its core the engine provides a standard architecture for implementing highly complex requirements like 3D rendering physics animation Ray tracing and a lot more all this magic is accessible via its visual editor where you can easily create levels and fill them with 3D objects called actors than to make a game interactive it provides a visual scripting language called blueprint where you can program game logic without ever writing your own C plus code when your creation is complete unreal can package it for desktop mobile and virtually any game console or VR platform to build the next AAA billion dollar game franchise right now download the epic games launcher install on real engine and create a new project first go down to the content drawer which is where all the game assets are saved from here we can right click to create a new level then from the top nav bar add our first actor to it like a shape that the player can collide with it's currently invisible but we can change the view mode to wireframe to view its geometry and notice how it's been added to the outliner here which is a hierarchy of your game objects if we select the cube we can now modify its properties its physical shape is defined by a mesh which we can modify in isolation by clicking it to make it look cool though we need to apply a different material to the mesh we could create a new material from scratch or use one from the built-in starter content looks cool but now we need some lighting we could add a light actor or better yet use the environment light mixer to quickly add lights and atmosphere to the level now we need to create some land let's go into landscape mode choose a material like Moss or gravel then create it we now have a flat surface to walk on and we can sculpt it into mountains and valleys with the brush tool now go back to selection mode select the cube and tick the box to simulate physics when you click play you should now see the cube roll down the hill but a game needs a controllable player so let's add a character actor to the scene and now it's time to do some actual programming with blueprints create a Gamo blueprint to define the rules and scoring system of your game then another blueprint for the character then give the character a brain with a controller blueprint if we open that blueprint we can start coding game logic here in the event graph begin play runs when the level first loads while tick runs on every frame now there are tons of built-in functions that you can run in response to these events like print string we can execute this function on every frame by connecting it to the tick event and now when we run the game It Won't Stop Printing hello world with blueprints you connect events nodes functions and variables together to create interactive game elements this has been Unreal Engine in 100 seconds hit the like button and let me know if you want to see a full unreal tutorial in the comments thanks for watching and I will see you in the next one

  Top Comments:
  1. @resort_is_superior_in_everyway [1 likes]: thats not 100 seconds
  2. @Rog_Pog_official [1 likes]: i love the jumpcut that doesnt tell anyone where those materials came from
  3. @mohamedkarim-p7j [1 likes]: Thanks for sharing
  4. @Creathrod [1 likes]: Nice 👍🏿, an Unreal Engine tutorial will be great
  5. @Mistermyself2.0: Imagine GTA 6 ☠️
  6. @El_Güero_0xDEADC0DE: full tutorial please XD
  7. @IsTheUnknown: ray tracing
  8. @CadPixel-why-not2455: great introduction
  9. @Narniak69: If you watched this video you are now more qualified than 95% of "game designers" in the AAA industry.
  10. @pp4ul0: Impressive how a video this short explains more than the multi-video tutorials I've seen...
  11. @zonednetwork: any full tutorial?
  12. @carkter: This was actually 172 seconds I want a refund
  13. @thomasrowe3179: yes please
  14. @EarlyyOnset: My view counted towards a larger whole of this unreal video experience wow
  15. @ritatraff2699: This is 172 seconds
  16. @spoon-original: This genuinely has just the right amount of information I wanted to get started. I used to used unreal, but I wanted a little refresher on a few important things and bang, this covers every one!
  17. @s1nnoid: alr a better tutorial than these 2h long videos
  18. @samiul.muztaba: bro, which skill in tech you don't have?
  19. @ronaldbenitez6322: It is this game engine owned by Israel?
  20. @Alley_ina: I’m the 1 millionth view

- Kotlin in 100 Seconds: Kind: captions Language: en kotlin a statically typed multi-paradigm language designed quite simply as a better alternative to java like java it compiles to bytecode that runs on the java virtual machine but kotlin provides a more concise syntax and language features loved by modern developers like type inference functional patterns null safety and more it was announced in 2011 by jetbrains with the first stable release coming in 2016. it's named after kotlin island in russia and it just got a mascot in october 2021 but it still doesn't have a name yet one of its key features is that it can interop with existing java code which means developers can gradually adopt it without throwing all of their code in the garbage in addition to jvm kotlin can also compile to native code and javascript opening the door to multi-platform apps it's been most influential in the android development community and as of 2019 google named it the preferred language for android development over java one of its killer features is co-routines which provides a simplified way to write asynchronous non-blocking code a common requirement for mobile developers to get started create a file ending in.kt most kotlin developers use something like intellij idea which is an ide brought to you by the same company that invented the language inside the file use the fun keyword to define a main function this is where your code will start executing and that syntax is a lot more fun to write than public static void main string args declare a variable with the var keyword assign a value and its type will be inferred automatically or you can add a colon after the variable name with an explicit type a variable can't be null unless you explicitly allow it with a question mark on the type now use printline to log the variable to the standard output notice how semicolons are optional which means that line breaks are significant kotlin supports familiar object-oriented patterns but can do special functional things that java cannot like modify the behavior of a class without inheritance using extension functions functions are first class objects which means they can be stored as variables passed as arguments or used anonymously with lambdas kotlin also reduces boilerplate with things like data classes so you don't have to write constructors getters and setters and supports destructuring when accessing the values on an object allowing you to write concise efficient code that you can then compile to a jar file by pulling up the terminal and running the kotlin compiler this has been kotlin in 100 seconds hit the like button and subscribe if you want to see more short videos like this thanks for watching and i will see you in the next one

  Top Comments:
  1. @BlizV2 [1 likes]: Coming from Java, it's hard to resist.
  2. @Yasser-444 [1 likes]: I was mislead to learning java for mobile development in 2026, glad i discovered this now before i went too deep
  3. @rifleblade [1 likes]: I'm a Java Developer and now I'm thinking that Kotlin is best for scripting over performance especially when it comes to writing longer code more than just output which increases the complexity unnecessarily.
  4. @Its_Alan_Paul [1 likes]: 2025
  5. @soulmightvanish [1 likes]: , Kotlin
  6. @FPChris: The worst for loop syntax you’ve EVER encountered
  7. @firestormsentry80: 0:39  XCode (Blue w/ hammer), Android Studio (Green circle w/ protractor), JavaScript (Yellow box), microservices representation (Neon green box w/ gear icon), which could also imply either the JVM (Java Virtual Machine) or cloud services.
  8. @RajputAnkit11: still java is better
  9. @shkolnyy-maxym: I am from Ukraine, and this night russia was attacked civilians again. So, when I know now, why Kotlin has such a name, I don't want laerning kotlin any more )
  10. @zoladkow: Another FUN fact - Kotlin is also the brand name of one of ketchup (among others vegetable products) makers here in Poland. The company exists since 1928 and is named after a town where it was located :) I always found this (fictitious) origin story for Kotlin lang tastier :)
  11. @MjgyXwrgg: Excellent content as always.
  12. @ertrtfsgggtrt: Thanks for sharing this content.
  13. @Apocfall700: a week of learning java for what, this darn kotshit
  14. @JessieSauvage: This was a great watch.
  15. @MarinaMeri-u6i: Always great content from you.
  16. @ElanorCurtsinger: This clarified a lot for me.
  17. @RonWardlow-e2i: I understood everything perfectly.
  18. @ArdenObregon: Really appreciate the way you explained this.
  19. @Gjhh-w2c: Nicely detailed without being too long.
  20. @OigbgRush: Very helpful step by step guide.

- Lack of LI Engagement: Kind: captions Language: en Is the lack of LinkedIn engagement getting you down? Consider these five possibilities. Extra long posts. If your LinkedIn post could double as a novel, then it's too long. People have short attention spans, so it's important to get to the point faster. Missing an image. Visuals draw the eye and capture your audience's attention. People see pictures and images long before they read a single line of text. So, make it visual and make it count. Repetitive messaging. If it feels like you might be saying the same thing for the 18th time, then it's time to get a little creative. Don't be afraid to mix up your content a little bit. You could post a video, a carousel, or even share a LinkedIn article. Inconsistency. Sharing a post here or there might be simpler, but it makes it hard to build momentum and get your audience engaged and interested in what you have to say. Consistency is absolutely key. Limited or infrequent interactions. The more that you comment and engage with other people, the more they'll engage with your LinkedIn posts. In short, if you scratch their back, they'll scratch yours. If you want to take a closer look, DM me and let's have a one-on-one consultation together.

- Lack of Customer Engagement in User Story Creation: Kind: captions Language: en user stories describe the work to be done by the users of the product these are created by the product owner based on the conversations and discussions they had with the users of the system it is in these conversations where the users share how they use a system in their day-to-day activities in creating user stories it is important that the product owner has direct interaction with the customers it is recommended that they have regular meetings so they can prioritize the product backlog and ensure that it reflects what the customers really need also the customers should be present in meetings where the system is presented for example during sprint reviews this is the appropriate venue where they can share their feedback and offer suggestions you

  Top Comments:
  1. @59secondsagile9 [1 likes]: NOW THAT YOU'VE LEARNED ABOUT CUSTOMER ENGAGEMENT, LET'S MOVE TO NEXT STEP:https://youtu.be/UN925DdXt4o. LEARN MORE ABOUT CUSTOMER ENGAGEMENT: https://tinyurl.com/gaxnhtkf MISSED THE FIRST EPISODE OF USER STORIES PLAYLIST HERE: https://youtu.be/D0J6pSuP4_s

- PSA Lack of Engagement and Determination in Students: Kind: captions Language: en do you want to roll the fall because of stupidity the problem is that students get bored of learning and because of that boredom pneus they don't pay attention in class which gets them failing grades those family grades will either make them a fail out of school or drop out of school because they're not even enjoying it this will cause major problems in the future we will have an uneducated society which will eventually lead to our role being dumb as of 2017 twenty-seven percent of all students have dropped out of school in just high school alone seven thousands drop out a day [Music] this might seem bad example but this is what students actually go through however there are ways to get more engaged in your school work and more determined to go to school instead of getting bored there's a simple way to make your brain think that you're having fun all you have to do is put a smile on your face and that should make it a lot easier to get your school or done teachers there are a lot of other teaching methods that you can use you

- What is Civic Engagement?: Kind: captions Language: en No place on earth is perfect. Every community has a unique set of problems - problems like corruption, pollution, unequal access to education, scarce affordable housing, hunger, or lack of quality healthcare. Local government? Businesses? Nonprofits or NGOs? Academic Institutions? All of these sectors are important in a healthy society. That’s why communities need individuals who are also working to solve local problems. It’s called civic engagement. It’s any time someone takes action to better their community and encourages others to do it too. Authentic civic engagement is built on a shared understanding of community needs and a deep commitment to collaboration. Vibrant democracies create space for and encourage civic engagement. And when people make it their priority to engage, democracy is strengthened. Civic engagement takes many forms. It can be political, but also looks like: volunteering, joining a local organization, raising money for causes you care about, or using your voice to advocate. Anyone can be a civic leader. Change happens when ordinary people show up with compassion and courage. And together, we can form a powerful force for the creation of thriving, just, and free societies.

  Top Comments:
  1. @GuyWithaHardhat [4 likes]: I found it in learning website and cant stop watching!
  2. @Aliraza-s7d5k [4 likes]: Well explained😊
  3. @timedonation5224 [3 likes]: Great message specially for youth.
  4. @DSong96 [2 likes]: who is actually just watching this for any reason other than school
  5. @willybass6887 [2 likes]: Showed this video in a learning session with college students and they were inspired to take action! Message in video is concise, informative, and moving.
  6. @alamzebkhanwazir2102 [2 likes]: I'm here  to study civic community engagement.
  7. @kennethlloyd3134 [2 likes]: AMERICAN ALLEGIANCE
            ASSOCIATION
       National Non-Profit
               Network
    Freedom of Association
                       &
       Peaceable Assembly
     Citizen's Constitutional
              Convention
  County [seat] Community
                 Center(s)
 in attendance of an online
    College CIVICS Course
          ("3-Days Grace")
      [patriotic curriculum]
AMERICAN ALLEGIANCE :
   A Primer for Patriotic
              Protocols
                      &
   Cipher of Civic Virtues
                     for
             CITIZENSHIP
  8. @wuffls-n8w [1 likes]: in the big 25
  9. @TheDasherPodcastMini [1 likes]: I bet this video was sent to you by a teacher.
  10. @Bill0102 [1 likes]: This content is absolutely remarkable. I recently read a book on this topic that left a profound impact on me. "A Life Unplugged: Reclaiming Reality in a Digital Age" by Theodore Blaze
  11. @thukujazzpreviews [1 likes]: Really reliable
  12. @reemahmed7710 [1 likes]: From where to download these graphic animated videos n photos?
  13. @misochannel5532 [1 likes]: Thanks 🥰
  14. @akbarwriter45: 🎉🎉🎉
  15. @LorenSchyman: I am in civics I am a student typing in my teachers profile.
  16. @muhammadazeemkhan5936: ❤
  17. @shenelliskoolasf: this is dei
  18. @bluesuns2: womp womp
  19. @Isaiah-ft5nx: Are the governments and world leaders failing the world? Then double down and vote for more leaders and bigger government!
  20. @Ayman_Gabra: Anybody from iraq study Civic engagement?? Please contact with me.

- Communication gap funny video: Kind: captions Language: en What this organization really needs is a one-on-one approach. Easily. Actually, what this organization really, really needs is repositioning. That means that What this organization desperately needs is change.

  Top Comments:
  1. @SuprTorrent [5 likes]: "What this organization desperately needs is to fire  ... " Fire alaram went off
  2. @jaseemkalliasseri9358 [1 likes]: 🤣🤣
  3. @In_a_Fantasyworld [1 likes]: 😂
  4. @LetsTalkYourCareer: This was an ad for which company brand?
  5. @dairymilk-k3i: 😢
  6. @rabailnazir1409: Hahahahahah
  7. @Affan_04: Loyalty overloaded....🎉

- SmileSet (formerly Dr. Direct Retainers) - how to take your impressions: Kind: captions Language: en-US Welcome to your Dr. Direct Impression Kit! In this video, we’ll walk you through&nbsp;&nbsp; every step to get a good impression. Now that you’ve received your at-home impression&nbsp;&nbsp; kit, you’re one step closer to your new smile. Before starting, be sure to brush and floss your&nbsp;&nbsp; teeth to get the most accurate impressions After you open your box, take everything&nbsp;&nbsp; out and lay it on a clean surface. Put on your&nbsp; gloves and make sure you’re in a well-lit room.&nbsp; As you can see, you have 4 impression&nbsp; trays – 2 for your upper teeth and 2&nbsp;&nbsp; for your lower teeth. For each impression,&nbsp; you’ll use one gray and one purple putty.&nbsp; Mix one gray and one purple putty together,&nbsp; until there are no streaks. Set your timer&nbsp;&nbsp; for 1 minute – you don’t want the putty to get&nbsp; hard before you take your impression. Once the&nbsp;&nbsp; putties are mixed to create one color, roll the&nbsp; putty into a log and then place it into the tray.&nbsp; Start with the upper arch, by placing the tray&nbsp; onto your upper teeth, applying even pressure,&nbsp;&nbsp; with your lip over the tray. Don’t&nbsp; bite down, but make sure your teeth&nbsp;&nbsp; gently touch the bottom of the tray. Keep the tray in for 2.5 minutes.&nbsp; When removing the tray, you&nbsp; can use the handle to help.&nbsp; Now you can compare your impression&nbsp; with the ones in the guide. See how&nbsp;&nbsp; the gumline is clearly defined and&nbsp; there are no streaks in the putty? Place your impressions back in the box and seal&nbsp; it with the sticker that was inside your kit.&nbsp;&nbsp; The return label is already on the outside&nbsp; of the box! You can simply put the box with&nbsp;&nbsp; your completed impressions in your mailbox. And don’t forget to take your photos using&nbsp;&nbsp; the Smile Stretcher that came inside your&nbsp; impression kit box! You can upload your&nbsp;&nbsp; photos right into your portal. We can’t wait to see them.

- How to Improve your Google Ads Search Impression Share: Experts Guide: Kind: captions Language: en - The mythical 99% at search impression share, does it exist, is it possible? I'm gonna show you in this video, let's go. (upbeat music) Hey people, my name is Sam and I help e-commerce stores grow remotely. Today, we're looking at search impression share and how to grow that 99% in your Google Ads accounts. Okay, before I get into it, what is search impression share? A good way to think about is imagine you put a billboard next to a highway and people drive past that every day on their way to work. How many people that drove past that billboard today actually looked up and saw a billboard, that is the search impression share. It's calculated by using the formula (air whooshing) search impressions divided by the eligible search impressions. Let me use this billboard example again, so these people driving on their way to work past this billboard, they had eyes, they were on the road, they were classified as eligible. They could've seen the billboard but only a number of them actually looked up and saw it. So if 10 people drove down that road and eight people looked up and saw it, your would be 8/10, which is 80%. With Google search impression share it's exactly the same but with searches. Say you have 10 people searching with a query and you only show up eight of those 10 times. Your search impression share is 80%, 8/10. But why don't you get those extra two impressions or this is the juicy bit. It can be due to a myriad of factors but the main two ones are budget and bidding. Budget is the biggest one, often when I opened an account I can see the search impression share by un-hiding the columns and you'll see that often budget is the thing that limits a campaign. And this is actually really sad 'cause we'll see that a campaign is performing really well, it's incredibly profitable but the person that owns the account has kept the budget on say $10. So it's incredibly profitable but every day $10 gets used up, when they could have spent $100. There were $90 worth of searches but they used up their budget boop and then boom they couldn't use the rest of the potential budget. This is really sad because the account is super limited. It has this potential very easily to perform way better but the budget is cutting performance. The other reason that can cause a lower search impression share is the bidding. If you're not bidding high enough to be competitive in the rankings then you're not gonna show for those search terms. This is different from the budget factor because maybe it's actually a good thing you're not showing. I'm going to explain why, a lot of people think that with Google Ads, they just wanna try and get in front of as many people as possible. The more eyeballs on their ad, the better. This isn't the best option. This shouldn't be the case, stop thinking like this. This is like trying to get on every single television in the world. Yes, it's going to drive a lot of sales but it's gonna cost a lot of money to, a lot of unnecessary money. The beauty of PPC and digital marketing is that you have all these levers to play with, and you can choose exactly who to show your ad to. This means you could show on a million televisions that only 10,000 people buy. Well, with digital marketing you can then show on 10,000 televisions and get 10,000 people to buy. That's an extreme example but that's the great thing about PPC. You can segment your market and only show to certain people. Your focus should be on your own account and trying to drive the most profit possible. That's what we really care about here, it's not a competition to get the most views, let's just make money for your business. And the thing is every single account is gonna be different. Every account has different quality scores, different products, different landing pages. So competing directly with another brand... Yeah, you can take some bits and pieces from their strategy but it's so much more efficient and effective to manage your bids, manage your campaigns, manage your strategies, based on your own business and products. You gonna stand out and Google is gonna reward you for that. You should instead manage your campaigns based on the profit they are generating. This means don't go increasing your bids willy-nilly to try and get this 99% search impression share. No, increase your bids when you believe it's gonna create more profit for your business because there's a massive opportunity there, and driving more clicks is gonna increase the conversions. This is why I talk about (beep) this 99% mythical beast of search impression share because really don't go chasing that beast. You'll just be running through the wild and you'll be chasing your own tail. What's better is to focus your mind on the actual profit generated in your account and scale it that way. That's the best strategy that I've seen time and time again. That's all for today, I really hope you found this video useful, if you did, please leave a thumbs up, that tells YouTube that our content is valuable for some people, and I really, really appreciate that. As always, if you have any questions, just leave a comment below and I'll get back to you as soon as I can. Otherwise, if you're not subscribed and you wanna get more tutorials, case studies and Google Ads audits, I really recommend hitting the subscribe button and turning on notifications (bell dings) 'cause I'm releasing a lot of tutorials, case studies and audits of marketing strategies to help you grow and scale your store remotely. I'm gonna leave a link to two different playlists in the description, one is a playlist of Google Ads audits where I go into a real Google Ads account and find all the low hanging fruit and strategies that can help reduce costs and scale like crazy. The other playlist is a playlist on my own e-commerce store that I'm documenting here on YouTube. I'm showing you the exact income, profit and strategies I'm using to scale that store from zero to seven figures. I've never documented a store like this, but I'm doing it here on YouTube and you'll be able to see each episode in the series in that playlist. Anyway, thanks so much for watching and I hope to see you next time, bye for now.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Charm-y1b [6 likes]: Misleading title
  2. @AiriayanaSullivan [1 likes]: What if I have a high impressions share but not a lot of clicks?
  3. @tomthorley [1 likes]: What if I have a limited budget and I've never done Google Shopping ads before? What's the best way to spend £200?
  4. @KeyCommerce: Hey guys! If you have any questions about improving the Search Impression Share on your Google Shopping campaigns, please let me know here in the comments! Also, go check out my FREE course where I will show you increase impressions, drive more traffic to your ads and get a 5-10% increase in conversion. Get the free course here: https://keycommerce.com/product-page-mastery/

- Tom Hiddleston Does Incredibly Accurate Accents and Impressions While Putting On a Suit | GQ: Kind: captions Language: en Peter Beasley likes his Kentucky Fried Chicken wrapped in paper people eat Kentucky Fried Chicken here they they do really welcome to the United Kingdom where we also eat Kentucky Fried Chicken what can I do to walk into a coffee shop tomorrow and they're going to think that I'm not American speaking in any accent is all about the tune General American tends to follow the same pattern the same is true for southern Ireland like if you're from Ireland you tend to go up pitch when you stress something and then you go down at the end like so if I'm like talking to you now Lucy I'm like hello and thank you for tying my tie Edinburgh for example which I've been it's quite soft but generally if you want to stress something you'd go up and pitch and then go down like old school foot would be like yeah who are you who are you who are you who are you take I'm trying to think if you wanted to go and order coffee tomorrow how would you say it hello mate hello mate Camp it up a bit all morning darling what I really want you can help me out is i' like a nice cup of tea and a panaka oh feel like I should play a character like this should I I appreciate this yeah that's all right it's great I don't even drink coffee should I tell you that now that's I'm so sorry who is this we're done with this suit are we're just standing here yeah I like this suit very much it's nice right yeah yeah who made it Louis Vuitton Louis Vuitton yeah wonder if he can do accents go

  Top Comments:
  1. @DingYiLin-0726 [1 likes]: 1:11 Feel like I should play a character like this, shouldn't I?
  2. @GardoodlesbyGrunklinkeous [1 likes]: everyone stop simping for him i can't like every comment
  3. @tatyanacastellanos6209 [1 likes]: 🎯📲🍾👏
  4. @Emma88178 [1 likes]: He can actually do other american accents too
  5. @OilBarren [1 likes]: He can do the accent and yet he calls it 'southern ireland'
  6. @HeleneWheatfield0549 [1 likes]: Tom Hiddleston, you are a charmer, my son! 😊
  7. @AnaelleAgator: He's so handsome ❤❤
  8. @pickles2791: No cause I was reading a WillMack fanfic and thought of this
  9. @thevideo7470: Irish accent spot on best yet
  10. @imnotdaredevil213: GQ, there are like... Millions of people who would have done this for free.
  11. @vioricafulop: You master who are ! What is a fall Niagara or Naiagra .? I learn Shakespeare English and in kindergarten ask us where we were? Shakespeare which answers should say  ???? I lost in front of everybody. 😢 And you Hiddleston???? In Canada not in America.
  12. @cheney-n6w3h: I'm here again! lol
  13. @MarinaGeitona: He is part scottish so its natural
  14. @UnicornWithAMissleLauncher: Hot DAYMN, he lapsed into that Yankee accent so smoothly I barely noticed.
  15. @emirapd3742: Dragi Tom presarmantno bice
Obožavam Vas. Jednostavan čovjek, odličan glumac , plesac. Bravo , bravo❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
  16. @AngelwithTea: I dont know how else to say this but if I was born a female Hiddleston would be the one I'd craze over at 3 am
  17. @janarother-dx1mk: Alright mornin darlin 😂 i love him ❤
  18. @DingYiLin-0726: 1:10 Feel like I should play a character like this, shouldn't I?
  19. @EvilXero359: One of his more cooler impressions which isn't in this video of him is where he impersonated Christopher walken
  20. @HighPriestessEmpressVibes: 🧿🙏🏼🧿🙏🏼🧿♾️🧿🙏🏼🧿🙏🏼🧿.

- Bad First Impressions - Bluefish TV: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] hey thanks for watching the kids on such short notice come on in hey I know we said 10 but do you think you could stay till 11: probably let me just call my portal officer this is your captain oops uh never flown one of these don't push that you idiot that jettison the fuel don't ever call call me an idiot you want to go you want to do this right here how's it going coach good want you to meet your new star running back son our future is in your hands so let's get you checked out here you say it's the leg here and oh dear yeah that's that's the lump wow that's cancer that's uh that's gross what's your schedule look like we're probably going to need to amputate today um do you have a will that's my cell phone I'm here for a flu shop wow close call you are lucky to be alive uh let's get that flu shot taken care of okay yeah we're trying out a new small group I'll talk to you later kill them all as soon as they come in he's dead let's get rid of him oh hey guys come on in little bit of a fly problem hey you guys Welcome to our small group come on in

  Top Comments:
  1. @blargowo8720 [6 likes]: My teacher had us watch this for a class-
  2. @StonedFox1331: Anyone else being assigned to watch this for schoolwork lol
  3. @spuje2498: .............................................

- Expert First Impression | Free Sales Training Program | Sales School: Kind: captions Language: en i'm jordan belfort and this is sales school there are three things that you must be perceived as in those first four seconds right let me tell you exactly what they are in the first four seconds you and you probably all you straight lines you know this stuff is basic right number one you must be perceived as being sharp as attack number two enthusiastic as hell and number three an expert in your field sharpest attack enthusiastic selling expert you feel now no matter how many times i tell us to i'll never stop telling it to you because this is the holy grail of influence because here's the deal what these three things chunk up to in the prospect's mind is that you are a person worth listening to you're a person worth listening to in other words they should take time out of their busy day their busy life because you're someone who's sharp enough you're meaning that you're on the ball you're a problem solver you're not going to waste your time of theirs you're sharp right versus being a dullard waste their time enthusiasm it must be good what you have must be good now what i'm not talking about here is that bogus over the top oh my god am i proud of me i don't mean that that's not what i'm i'm not talking about that type of enthusiasm i'm talking about something very different talking about bottled enthusiasm which is an entirely different thing bottle of enthusiasm sits below the surface and it's like deceiving volcano you speak a certain way where they just know wow that guy's he's really he must really believe when he has it could be a whisper almost when you speak with real enthusiasm it's undeniable it's palpable and people get like wow what he has what she has must be good it hits them in the gut meaning unconsciously they say whatever this guy has he must it must be yours that's why he's so excited about it now you might say well jordan come on it doesn't really work let me tell you something it does i'm not saying someone's going to buy from you just because you sound enthusiastic it's not what i mean at all what i'm saying is that enthusiasm opens up the possibility because they want to listen and most of all you're an expert in your field meaning you're a figure of authority or you're so like you can get the job done we have been conditioned since we're yay big okay to seek out experts to resolve our problems take care of our pain and help us get things done when scarlett johansson wants to get her hair cut or hair styled for the oscars who is she going to go to someone who just graduated from beauty seriously right or the person that's been styling hair in hollywood for the last 20 years making celebrities look fabulous who is she gonna seek out the expert when roger federer was having his slump in 2015 who did he seek out did he go to a local country club tennis bro or did he go to stefan edberg a former number one player himself who'd been there done it at the highest level who knew how to talk to someone like raja and what happened raj went on to win another three or four majors and he's still playing today number two or three in the world he's an adam i'm he's a legend right and by the way roger slump is like everyone else's best day but the point is is that who would he seek out we all seek out experts we've been conditioned since the yea big to seek those people out to help us solve our problems cure our pains right start with our parents taking us to the doctor and so forth those were experts when we were younger like wow the doctor he's been through schooling he had a diploma he had a license all this sort of stuff his stethoscope we felt better just by laying eyes on the guy right let's get now practical about this all right this is about practical knowledge here in those first four seconds you are being judged they are ripping you apart compartmentalizing each piece judging them and putting them together based on how you're perceived if you are perceived the right way meaning sharpest attack enthusiastic sound expert in your field if you were perceived the right way you set yourself up for massive greatness if you're perceived the wrong way good luck trying to close the sale see what happens is when your prospect perceives you that way sharp on the ball expert right they defer to you they allow you to take control of the conversation you take control because the prospect allows you to take it you can't take control by force you take control by force of will because your process you know this is a person worth listening to and they defer to you because we've been conditioned to defer to experts since we were yay big you get it so that is an undeniable truth that's been studied at the by harvard university did a study on this recently right where they said you know if they said it's seven seconds but but they well i don't know it's five or seven i i beat them like 30 years to the punch i said this in 2008 but the point i was in 1998 wait no 1988 am i old 1988 good lord i'm old all right anyway i came up with this in 1988 i was still a baby right the point is is that harvard 30 or 27 years later came out with the same story but they said it's seven seconds it doesn't matter either way you're screwed if you make the wrong first impression according to harvard it takes seven subsequent meetings for someone to perceive you a different way seven you know i don't know about you but honestly i don't get seven chances i got one so i better be make that first impression the exact right way you

  Top Comments:
  1. @Profile.4 [2 likes]: How do you appear an expert when you're just starting out??
  2. @summerstevenson6625 [2 likes]: Leo did a great job acting like you
  3. @exg421 [2 likes]: Can anyone translate this writing?
  4. @IsmaelDiazIAGoupeFinancier [2 likes]: Thank you Wolf !!! You are a machine!
  5. @1776Based [2 likes]: I can't read that chicken scratch lol
  6. @ccourt46 [1 likes]: People DO seek out authority. Hell, I'm working in receiving at Lowes, but every time I walk through the store someone will come up to me to ask a question just because I'm wearing that stupid red vest. And half the time I just wing it and try to answer their questions even if I have no idea what I'm talking about. And you know what, they literally hang on my every word.
  7. @augustuscaeser8939 [1 likes]: your handwriting is awful
  8. @christopherthrawn1333: Thank you Sir
  9. @Profile.4: How do you appear an expert when you're just starting out??
  10. @SM-id8sz: und wie komme ich beim Kunden als Experte rüber ?
  11. @PRSVR_I: These short videos are gold for my ADHD😅🫡
  12. @Diencuongchannel: ❤
  13. @CesarChavezPhotos: "THE HOLY GRAIL OF INFLUENCE"
3 things that you must be perceived as in the first 4 seconds:
1. Sharp as a tack 
2. Enthusiasm as hell
3. An expert in your field
  14. @Ozgursaglam434: i think the table is a little bit high for you
  15. @nitahjsalleh: Hi Mr. Jordan. I am Nita from Malaysia. I am your loyal fan and follow many of your videos. just because I'm not very good at English, I don't understand your exsens very well. so can you put subtitles in all your videos so i can understand whatever you are saying and teach in your videos. your loyal fans from Malaysia. Nita Hj Salleh❤
  16. @HellenicWolf: ty
  17. @alexander_marquez: thank mr belfort
  18. @TheQuietHistorian3: I regret why I didn't find it earlier 😔🤥
  19. @wilsonlee5005: great lesson
  20. @bradsmith8401: Sharp as a mf tack 📌

- Practice First Confession: Kind: captions Language: en hello boys and girls this is I'm sure you're very excited and looking forward to the celebration of your first confession very soon I just want you to be relaxed don't be nervous don't be upset it's an encounter with Jesus the Good Shepherd who loves you very much who wants to forgive us of our sins so you are coming to Jesus and the priest is the minister to convey jesus's forgiveness for you before we go to confession we should examine our conscience to think the see what is it we want to bring before the Lord that we ask is forgiveness what sins that are keeping us from loving God and one another what we're going to do today is you a practice confession with some practice sin so I want you to just to pay attention and to see how we celebrate the sacrament of reconciliation to go to confession but first I'm gonna examine my conscience I'm gonna think about all the sins to tell father I'm gonna use this book to help me it's a very special day very happy day for you she celebrated her first confession I'm sure you're very excited time yes okay so let's begin in the name of the Father and of the son of the Holy Spirit bless me Father I have sitting this is my first sunfish and these amazing I have I fought with my brother and sister I was disrespectful to my parents and I took something that was not mine for these sins we just celebrated Christmas and we know that Jesus was born into a family his parents were Joseph and Mary he loved them he respected them he helped them you know and Jesus shows us of how we are to live in a family hope to get along with one another to be good to one another to be kind to one another to love one another so Jesus wants us to live that's a Holy Family also so now we're going to try to go back to your family and really be grateful for them and to help them and be good to them but always be grateful to God for the family has given to you so for your penance when you go back that's good to say one our Father and one Hail Mary for your family family that God has blessed you with and the family that we belong to as the church okay now tell Jesus you are sorry for your sins and say your act of contrition oh my god I am heartily sorry for having offended you and I detest all of my sins because of your just punishments but most of all because they offend you my God who are all good and deserving of all my love I firmly resolve with the help of your grace to sin no more and to avoid the near occasion of sin now listen to the words of Jesus is forgiveness God the Father of mercies through the death and resurrection of his son has reconciled the world to himself and sent the Holy Spirit among us for the forgiveness of sins through the Ministry of the church may God give you pardon and peace Carina and i absolve you of all your sins the Father the Son the Holy Spirit amen Jesus has forgiven you go in his peace god bless you welcome Karina you

  Top Comments:
  1. @Napsbufoeee [29 likes]: Im gona confess for the first time before Easter to take communion. Pray for me guys :)
  2. @adriennegonzalez6035 [2 likes]: I was scared to go to church but I did it
  3. @JESSELTHERESAJOMON [2 likes]: i am doing my first conffesion tommorow
  4. @JESSELTHERESAJOMON [2 likes]: this is good
  5. @peachycream [1 likes]: What a great kid! 
Well done. My daughter is due her communion and her first confession soon.  🙏🏼
  6. @alicarrasco1432 [1 likes]: Very helpful 😍
  7. @jpdvlogs3419 [1 likes]: I’m doing my confession tomorrow which is Friday.✝️❤️‍🩹 and January 23.
  8. @LindseyN1223 [1 likes]: I'm preparing to go to confession for the first time since RCIA in 2010, I'm genuinely terrified but this does help a bit.
  9. @lilly_luvsjesus [1 likes]: As a bapist/Christan I am not Catholic but this is beautiful!!!✝️🫶🏼
  10. @JohnNelson-h4c [1 likes]: Pray for me to win her soul to be Catholic.amen
  11. @ST4R-p2b [1 likes]: I'm 9 yrs old and having my first communion in December 10
  12. @TomWilliams-j8d [1 likes]: "For there is one God and one Mediator between God and men, the Man Christ Jesus." 1 Timothy 2:5
  13. @8avexp [1 likes]: That's the same Act of Contrition that I learned in the second grade, back in the 60s.
  14. @JESSELTHERESAJOMON [1 likes]: i am only 9 actually i am not lying
  15. @HaMashiachSaves [1 likes]: How does a 54-year old adult make a first confession concerning decades of historical mortal sins? Do I say “In my teens I did X, Y, Z. In my 20s I did X, Y, Z. In my 30s I did X, Y, Z. In my 40s I did X, Y, Z”?
  16. @mallyrodriguez6661 [1 likes]: I’m scared
  17. @JohnNelson-h4c: Morning ,I hv problem with protestant  (from Tact Church)
women whom we  two children .So she wants to join her Church ,but me I m a Catholic since my tender age.
  18. @MichaelGatton: My confession is simply talking to God and asking for his forgiveness.  At least I don't have to worry about some yahoo in a robe clutching his junk while you are trying to confess.
  19. @patriciamargaret19565: I detest these face-to-face confessions.  Traditionally, we went into a small room ("the box") where there was a kneeler before a grille which had a thick curtain behind it and we could not see the priest, nor he see the penitent.  That way it is much easier to remember that we are confessing to Christ not to Father Joe Bloggs.  I am suspicious of priests who want to see the people in confession.
  20. @juliepmagallanes3333: I'M DOING IT IN WEDNESDAY AHH

- ✝️⛪️🕊 4 Topics To Avoid When Confessing Your Sins (Reconciliation): Kind: captions Language: en [Music] hello everyone this is father richard gonzalez it occurred to me recently that along with many other priests i have spoken about the beauty and the importance for all catholics to go to confession on a regular basis but in my encouragement for going to confession i've overlooked some advice as to what to leave out of our confession time so i have a list of at least four topics for us to leave out of your confession i'm sure there are some others but i'm concentrating on just these four topics to help you have a rewarding and graceful experience in your confession but before we delve deeper and before i forget just one more thing if you enjoyed this youtube video consider giving it a thumbs up like subscribing to my youtube channel if you haven't already and hitting the notification bell and the all tab so you are notified of all future videos on my youtube channel our lord jesus christ instituted the seven sacraments of the catholic church the sacrament of reconciliation or confession releases the grace of god's love to the penitent that it is the person confessing their sins to the paralytic to the woman caught in adultery to the sinful woman at a pharisee's house to these and to so many others jesus said your sins are forgiven and he says these words to us through the priest and the sacrament of reconciliation only god forgives sins but the priest is exercising the apostolic ministry of absolution just as when the apostles were sent out into the world on behalf of christ as we prepare ourselves for a confession we are walking in the footsteps of our lord jesus christ and the apostles my first example of what should be left out of confession is when the penitent is confessing the sins of other people when we confess other people's sins we are trying to justify the reason why we chose to fall from grace by saying that it wasn't my fault that the other person made me do it is trying to escape the responsibility for our own character after all the time of confession is meant for you personally it's not a time to point out the sins the faults of our siblings spouse children or neighbors but confession and the preparation for the sacrament is a time to reflect upon your own sins another thing to avoid is a lengthy backstory an overabundance of information as to why you send sinned sometimes a person will start to confess their sins but then say let me explain why i did this and they give a very long testimony as to why they fell into sin just confess your sins if the priest does need clarification to give you a little spiritual direction he may ask you a question to clarify your confession also by giving a lengthy story as to why you sinned can be tempting to turn the confession time into a counseling session if you need a longer time for counseling or spiritual direction i'm sure the priest would not mind meeting with you at a later time in his parish office tip number three being non-specific to the point of not mentioning your sins in the confession this sometimes happens when a person has not been to confession for a very long time a person may say you know i'm a great sinner i've broken all the ten commandments except murder my sins are too many to mention please don't be dramatic and try to avoid confessing what you did just say it why would you want to harbor why would you want to carry any of your sins within you by avoiding the issue by avoiding the sin you are saying no to the grace that is before you why would you want to create another moment of regret the lord's healing grace is before us in confession don't let it pass by the fourth item in my list is that we should avoid confessing our emotions such as anger impatience frustration these are not sins although they may lead us to the occasion of sin or lead us to temptation to sin remember from time to time jesus was angry but he did not display his anger in a sinful manner sometimes our anger is good a justifiable anger but in other times anger can lead to the harm of ourselves or of other people this is when we lose ourselves in that uncontrollable anger of rage this is where the sin comes into play and we commit a violent action with the intention of bringing harm most people when confessing anger are not confessing rage so why confess it these were only four topics to leave out of our confession but i am sure that we could have discussed some others upon reflection of these different areas perhaps they can actually help you and understanding how you have avoided temptation in the past hopefully this can help you as you are making your examination of conscious reflecting upon what you should confess and afterwards receiving an outpouring of grace through the openness of your heart unhindered by the emotions and the stumbling blocks of the past history may god bless you today tomorrow and always and i'll see you real soon

- Indiana Jones Does Confession for Fascist Soldier Scene - Indiana Jones and the Great Circle: Kind: captions Language: en after you so you are the American priest that Padre Ventura was talking about I love America please come to confess me up come with me I need a confession please have a SE you're forgiven father wait I didn't confess yet all right let's get this over with Father forgive me because I've sinned I had an affair with my M lord it's all right just say three hell mares no father you don't understand my wife is expecting a child and I fear that what yeah let me finish please I fear that my mother-in-law is with the child also Jesus Christ what have you done wait you are not a priest sorry pal you kind of deserved it

  Top Comments:
  1. @Dylan-zf4xh [2400 likes]: This video just sold me on the game. The "you're forgiven" almost had me laughing at work
  2. @Arthur_Deadeye_Morgan [1 likes]: This is some Last Crusade level hunor right here 😂
  3. @stephenparallox [1 likes]: I was balling when I first saw this scene in the game, laughed for 10 minutes straight 🤣🤣😂😂🤣🤣😂😂
  4. @seangunnell9451: Indiana Jones reenacted my favorite scene from The Ringer!
  5. @SilvioJ: Omg this scene will live rent free in my head for life.
  6. @notacouchpotato4372: I laughed so hard at this cutscene playing this game on my Switch 2 🤣.
  7. @ДмитрийРождественский-енц: Let us be honest - Indiana is an HONEST PRIEST.😂
  8. @RanceBlack_3: If he really want to confess that bad I kinda wanna hear him out
  9. @MrFeeney1991: This. This is Indiana Jones to me, tense situation with brilliant writing and humor
  10. @rk-l960: 🤣🤣
  11. @HalfLifeExpert1: When I encountered this scene in the game, I Burst out laughing SO HARD!  This game was excellent and truly authentic to what Indiana Jones is really about.  "Sorry pal, but you kind of deserved it", yeah, I mean, I don't think anyone would really disagree with that haha
  12. @davrosdaleks1: Is this from the DLC? I didn’t encounter this in my playthrough.
  13. @johnmerz960: That's a pretty good Harrison Ford impression
  14. @asilvap: I am sure there was more to know about his confession, but Jones had to knock him out...
  15. @michaelpagac7631: I love the cinematography in this towards the end: Indy's fist comes into view almost like a weapon he has to equip to then punch the guy. Great work!
  16. @eg20238: 0:35 You can tell by the look on Indy's face that he would rather be anywhere but here. He really wasn't interested in the Soldier's confession 🤣🤣😭😭💀💀
  17. @tethryss5001: "Jesus Christ what have you done?!"
Had me ROLLING.
  18. @RichardCano: It’s not my favorite game as far as gameplay goes, but I enjoyed how it feels like a legit classic Indiana Jones movie that you to play through instead of watch. It was cutscenes like this that nailed that feeling.
  19. @KalyeStreet10: She got her mother in-law pregnant??? Just imagine what the mother in-law would look like.
  20. @That_0ne_Dev: So his wife is pregnant 
And he had an affair with his mother in law
And she might be pregnant 

Well at least it wasn't his sister

- He has to GUESS his SINS | The CONFESSION Game | Shoot From The Hip: Kind: captions Language: en Style: ::cue(c.color7BB661) { color: rgb(123,182,97); } ::cue(c.color80A3C5) { color: rgb(128,163,197); ::cue(c.colorA0AAB4) { color: rgb(160,170,180); ::cue(c.colorFA5047) { color: rgb(250,80,71); ::cue(c.colorFAC757) { color: rgb(250,199,87); ::cue(c.colorFEFEFE) { color: rgb(254,254,254); ## [AJ] Guys, we’re gonna play a game now called ‘Confession’. Ohhh~ [explosive cheers] Woh! So for this, I need one player to please leave the room. WoOoOoh! Who’s it gonna be? Who’s it gonna be? Sam’s off. - Sam is gone. - Sam is standing up. [audience laughing] He’s going to come into a confession, I’m a confessionary booth. And he’s going to uh- have to guess three things. What did he do? Who did he do it with? And what his penance is going to be? What’s his penalty? Alright? So we’re gonna come up with those together. First of all, what did he do? [audience] He bought a piano. - Oh, boy. - [ Tom laughing ] [audience] Skiing on a Ferris wheel. So he used the Ferris wheel to go down like a skiing… [audience] Yeah. Yeah, okay. And then what happened at the bottom of the slope? [audience] Landed on the piano. He landed on the piano! [cheers and applause] And now, who did he do it with? [overlapping suggestions] Over here? [audience] Edgar Allan Poe. Edgar Allan Poe. [agreeing cheers] Finally, what is his penance? What’s his penalty going to have to be? [audience] He has to be the sun. [audience] Teletubby Sun. [audience] Yeah, Teletubby Sun. [audience] Teletubbies Sun. He has to be the actual Teletubbies Sun. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Can I just get both of you briefly up onto the stage? So throughout this, we’re gonna have some clues from these guys [Tom can whistle! :D] and maybe myself included. Let’s get a massive, massive cheer to get him back in the room. [door creaks] Who goes there? [Sam] It’s just me, Father. Ohhh. I thought I’d come for my weekly confession. It’s been a… weird week. What’s uh- Tell me, boy, what’s been troubling you? I transgressed against one of the Commandments. Oh. Yes, I- I guess so, you did. Oh! [Luke] I’m so sorry to disturb you, Father. Can you come out for a moment? Oh, of course. That’s so rude. I will be with you momentarily. I- I just need your signature on something. Sure. Yes, it’s for um- It’s for Brother Francis. Yes, he- he passed away and uh- he left a lot of money for the church, so uh- this is just for his will. Okay, great. It’s just for his will. Oh- Just for his will. Okay. Thank you. I- I get that one. [Luke laughing] [Tom] Oh, can- Can I just check, have you just signed? I have, yes. You’ve just signed that. Yeah. Be very careful, - Yeah. - okay? Because that is metallic. It’s made of iron, in fact. Ohhh! It is a ferrous. It’s a- Oh, and a Ferris is made of iron, is it? Yeah, that’s right. Just- - Yeah, it’s good, I’m glad. - I thought I’d just do two, ‘cause we’ve got a lot to get through. Yes, we do. - Okay. - Great. - Good luck with- Sorry about that. - No, it’s alright. - It’s Father Francis. So I was at the fun fair. Okay? - Interesting! - [audience] Ooohhh~! And as you know, at any fun fair, they have a Ferris wheel. - [cheers] - Yes, they do. And I did something ungodly on that Ferris wheel. What did you do on that Ferris wheel? Oh, I can’t even say it. Oh, come on. I have a- Oh, Jesus, where’s the- Oh, it’s not the toilet. Ah, no! I need to pee, I need to pee, ah I need to pee, ah no! I pissed myself on the Ferris wheel. I know what I did. I know what I did on that Ferris wheel. Alright, what- Ug- What was it then? I needed to pee. You need to pee- You didn’t need to pee on this Ferris wheel. You didn’t need to pee. What I mean is- I still need to pee, I still need to pee, ah I still need to pee, ah no! I’ve got no idea. Ahh, nooo~ They fucking get it! [agreeing audience] No, they don’t, no, they don’t. People don’t get it. Arnold was on the Ferris wheel. Do you know what? I’d prefer if we forgot that one. I think- I still need to PEE, I still need to PEE, AH I still need to PEE, AH NO! I still need to I still need to PEE, AH NO!! I still need to PEE, AH NO!! [laughing] - I dunno what I did. - I don’t fucking get it! Just fucking repeat what I said! Ah, no. I still need- Oh my god! I have no idea. I- I exclaimed an onomatopoeia Listen, I went "BANG!" and everyone was scared that I was a terrorist. Ohh. Right. No, no-no. That's completely wrong. Ah. Well, that was no help whatsoever then so. No, I don't think it was. But- Oh, so- I- Sorry, I'm just gonna come in, I'm just looking through the window. What have I got here. No. Maybe it's one of the- Maybe it's one of the white ones. One of the black ones? The problem is, I've got so many of these, Those keys. Yes. And I've got white ones, And I've got black ones. Do you need a k- I'll lay them all out in front of me like this. And then I'll have a look at all of these keys. I need to PEE, I need to PEE, AH I need to PEE, AH NO! [audience] AH [audience] AH NO! Alright. You're fuckin' skippin' ahead. And l- So- It's gonna be a- Oh, I'm sorry I wasn't doing it in "order". Do it fuckin' order! It's so long and difficult! I was playing the piano on a Ferris wheel. No, no. [audience] Nooo... There was a piano and a Ferris wheel involved. - Correct. - [audience] YES! Listen, do you like rap music? Well, I do. Let's play some. [chsk] ♪ Yee-ah, motherfucker ♪ ♪ And I say ♪ ♪ Uh- Uh- I drive to the left, skeet-skeet ♪ ♪ and I drive to the right, skeet-skeet ♪ [loud cheers] ♪ And I drive to the skeet ♪ ♪ And I uoh, it's like a uoh, motherfucker. ♪ [tchk] That's the- That's the whole song. Are you o- Are you okay, father? I'm totally fine. Do you like that song? It's called 'Skeet-ski' Skeet-ski? 'Skeet-ski, motherfucker' Skeet-ski, motherfucker. Sorry, my Lord. I- I skidded No, it's a more- [audience] Oooooh! I skied Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah! [cheers and "Yeah!"] I skied on a piano, [audience] Nooo. I skied on a Ferris wheel. Yeah! [audience] Yeees! And I fell into a piano. Yeees! YES! I'm so happy that my really dumb fucking clue worked. Hey, father? It was way better than that stupid nun's clue. I know. It was, wasn't it. It was way better. I still need to pee-AH-NO! [audience] AH-NO! Don't worry, everyone has a chance to redeem themselves - I suppose. - Oh, that's so good to hear, 'cause I felt so bad about breaking that piano. I don't know, I'm just so reckless. I don't know what made me want to ski on a Ferris wheel into a piano player. Well, I'll tell ya, you must have done it with someone. I did have an accomplice. [gasp] [thung-thung-thung] Oh my gosh. Oh, father! Oh, hello! OH! I wanna do a little guessing game with you. Oh! Great! Now- Now, you know, I- I want you to guess how many commandments are there. Ten. Neh, there're more. Twelve? Thirteen? - Fortee- - Father, What? Are you familiar with the author Edgar Allan Poe? That's how you do it. The thing- The thing I liked about the nun- The thing I like about that nun is it wasn't just a word broken up in the wrong order, There was some sort of reference that I could grab onto. Right. That nun is shit. This nun, really good. um- uh- Alright, don't- I think you should fire that nun. Let's bring your anger down. No, don't worry. Listen, now that you figured out who you w- you did it with, You're gonna have to- You know what we're gonna do next? We're gonna kill that nun. Why don't you calm down for a second? I'm so hot! - I know. - I'm so hot! You're hot right now. I'm hot like- I feel Satan's lip across my neck. I know. You're gonna be really fucking hot after I tell you what your penance is. Not in a weird way. Don't you think that way. No, stop it. Stop it! What's my penance, Father? Your penance- Do you want me to get down on my knees? No, I don't want you to get down on your knees. You're fucking around at this point. - I want- No! Stop it! - Have I got a sacrament? [tchikk] Am I going into the rectory, Father? [hinges creak] It was this one the whole time. It was the key made out of tin. I'll have to remember that. This is the winning key. The tin key is the win key. It's true. The tin- tin key is actually the win key, It's so true. It's very very true, ah. But- But- But- Mhm. You know, I think- Oh, yeah, I- I- I confessed. I- I'm good to go? No, no. You've got your penance. My penance? Yes. What are you going to have to do? Now, I tell ya. You tell me. No, I said it. It's gonna get quite hot. That's for sure. And remember, you've always got to use the tin key instead of the win key. I thought the tin key was the win key. I wouldn't worry about that too much. So I s- what's- what are you gonna do? I don't know. I'll sing a few hymns. I'll just go lalalalalala. Yeeeeaah. Okay. You will sing a few hymns. You go lalalala. Eh- Wh- Expand. What d'you mean? Yeah, Ya- You know, I- I-I'm just feeling a little bit Dipsy at the moment. So let's see- Oh! Oh! What was that? I heard a beautiful singing voice. Was that you? I was just going lalalalala. You know, that's amazing. I- I just- It's like it's not just la, it's sooo laa! It's soo laa! It's sooo laa, - you know? - It's true, it's true. I'm going to- Wooh! The power of the sun Ohhhh! [audience] Ohhhhh! in the palm of my hand. What is your penance going to be? I am going to create Create? solar power Teletubbies. No, no, no. Just think- I'm going to DESTROY! No, don't destroy. I'm going to work with? No, no, no, no, no. Wait. Father, would you like to come out to see- Oh, noo! What is it? Listen, we need to- Oh, careful! So sorry. I'm holding a little baby here. Okay, oh. - Look at this little fella. - Oh my god. Ahh. Look at him, look. Let me just hold him up to the light. Oh, wow-wow. Getting a lot of heat. Oh, Getting a lot of heat off of it. gaaah! It's so bright. Let me get this little baby's face up here. I know. There we go. [adorable baby giggles] oh. Wow! You know who he reminds me of? Who? Ah, I can't remember. So Father, you know- you know in the Teletubbies, Ohhhh. there was that sun with the baby's face in it. Yeeeh. My penance is Yes I'm gonna kill that baby. NO! I'm gonna save that baby. I'm gonna raise that baby. - No. [buzzing] I'm gonna slap that baby. Oh, no, don't worry. That wasn't- That wasn't a wasp. It was a fly? No, it wasn't a wasp. It was a bee? It was a bee. You got- You'll be- What? I'm gonna be that baby. Yessss! [Tom, Luke and AJ scream excitedly] [ Jingle Boys full comedy special] [Tom, Luke, AJ and Sam scream excitedly] We are currently being watched in six continents. [livestream shows on Patreon] [in distress] Nobody pre-opened it?! [Hot From The Hip challenge and Q&A]

  Top Comments:
  1. @bangchans-nowfoundsuitcase [2 likes]: 10% guessing the sin
90% making fun of luke's clue
  2. @malighos [2 likes]: PEE AH NO
  3. @CommanderSteelTrap [1 likes]: Ok, he literally was just shouting the word piano at a certain point, how didn’t they get it?
  4. @mangoemmagamez1447 [1 likes]: I love that after "PEE-AH-NO" luke had to take 5 minutes to cool down before giving another clue
  5. @badwitchie [1 likes]: JUSTICE FOR LUKE HOW DID THEY NOT GET IT
  6. @TheFatVeganOne [1 likes]: I'm not ashamed to say there's no way I'd have gotten the edgar allen poe reference
  7. @JessicaFalciola [1 likes]: I was watching the video over eight times and still was going. I don’t get what Lucas is saying about. I need to pee and no it was piano. And I only figured out it was piano after looking at the comments oh I’m so stupid but yeah, justice for Luke. I love that one now I thought he was mentioning that that he needed to pee. No it’s piano.❤😂😂😂😂🎉😊😅😮
  8. @Sammy-iv8rz: If ever AJ god forbid leaves Sfth, he can definitely be a Priest.
  9. @trashistic: Watching this back after roll from the hip it makes so much more sense
  10. @All1sL0ss: I had to look at the comments to understand the "pee ah no" thing
  11. @glydellarciaga2839: Hello, I'm from a different country. Can I ask about the reference on Tom's clue for Edgar Allan Poe? I still laigh about that joke even without knowing where it come from😅😅😅
  12. @CarpenterCrow: My first thought was YouTube recommended me someone medieval posting
  13. @abhinaya.s7031: Damn! Luke’s pee ah no was funny😂😂😂😂😂
  14. @R0TT3N_H3ARTS: 6:37 ROLL FROM THE HIP POE RIP..!
  15. @jessLb52: this got recommended to me today. i just went through an immense nostalgia from this
  16. @trashistic: Naaaahh I agree.. the pee ah no clue was really shit.. I didn't get it till he really REALLY enunciated it after like 20 times😭😭
  17. @ClancyOxa: Can someone explain me the Edgar Allan Poe clue pls. I am not intro that 😭
  18. @ZX121: I fucking nearly spat my drink out at the "yeah mother fucker"
  19. @Demonboi_Silver: Sam not getting "pee ah no"  but instantly hearing the "Tin key" "Win Key" clue xD
  20. @fanpet3912: This was the most painful guessing game I've seen yet hahaha

- Myrath - Intro+Confession: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] I oh e here I go back for more walking it B on head now i r through my be I hear the CH my that you will be there watching my hand to out my is even wor you laugh my only gra my I gave and fruit time your I go that me to my get danmore give me the of my f away like just n he oh a w

  Top Comments:
  1. @katemurphy1915 [3 likes]: Beautiful Tunisian music!!!...
  2. @envision8381 [2 likes]: Here I go, back for more
Walking the path of hell no more
Life runs through my veins
I hear the judgement frightening bells
Thought that you would be there
Holding my hand here after death
But, if life is unfair
Death's even worse in pain
Are you laughing up there?
Standing upon my lonely grave
Here's my soul I gave
As greatest proof that I'm your slave
7 sins I confess
Those sins that led me to my death
I can't stand anymore
Still feel the pain of my last breath
Wounds on my soul
Hurt more and more
Lost my way
Light fades away
Seems like it's
My judgement day
  3. @elpatron1551 [2 likes]: Dream theater + symphoni x
  4. @katemurphy1915 [2 likes]: I pretty much knew what this was just by the music it opened with... wonderful, thank you!!!.
  5. @NS-mm6jq [1 likes]: Such a great album of Myrath. All others are so pop
  6. @franciscorantulmansilla7657 [1 likes]: ❤
  7. @najibyohana [1 likes]: Shalom peace be upon you...that's the greatest song that I ever seen before...keep it up...I can't wait for more
  8. @katyalee6969 [1 likes]: Why I can’t find on Itune store?
  9. @soniaboudier824 [1 likes]: Un vrai Bijoux
  10. @katemurphy1915 [1 likes]: I love this!!!.
  11. @yenicg2355: Myrath ✨✨
  12. @MrProgressor73: still their best record
  13. @Swampan: Came came came came came cameeeeelion
  14. @najibyohana: Shalom I'm waiting for instrumental
  15. @najibyohana: Perfect ....
  16. @lamuertekill4912: Spotify me recomendó esta banda casi dos meses del mundial de Catar
  17. @olampes: Yeah totally underated waw
  18. @jitkasustrova2243: 🖤🌹🔥
  19. @katyalee6969: I love the intro of this song
  20. @giannigury: Bellissima !!!

- \-Sudden Changes with Lyrics-/ (Intro): Kind: captions Language: en suddenly everything changed when you fell down and slaughtered my brother and all my friends hoping that you'd see me like them yet this feeling I can sense standing here plaing your hand not acting in self defense guessing you're not feeling afraid only one way this will end hope you're ready for my best cannot let you slay the rest I shame to have called you my friend hello everyone it is I the Great what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]

  Top Comments:
  1. @limitless6473 [6 likes]: yummy
  2. @miikori_ [6 likes]: as we stand in golden light...
  3. @Nove-re1ts [4 likes]: Oh no he see the fan art 0:29
  4. @SizeZ_animatick [3 likes]: It's so cool!! 
I'm subscribe❤❤
  5. @sofantiel [2 likes]: Do you have any tips for cheering up well?
  6. @Fabri_Z76 [2 likes]: Sans M1 Garant
  7. @archerwarp3239 [2 likes]: The gun got me laughing
  8. @CassieIsLazy [2 likes]: America.
  9. @Shadow-2000. [1 likes]: =)
  10. @Bird_sity: 𝙼𝚢 𝚊𝚗𝚍 𝚙𝚊𝚙𝚜 𝚛𝚎𝚊𝚌𝚝𝚒𝚘𝚗 𝚜𝚞𝚌𝚌𝚎𝚜𝚜 =200%
  11. @deinemudda1049: Another one of the few good clickbait thumbnails, nice job
  12. @dileroqanimation: I'm sad

- Guns Blazing (MafiaTale Vs Sudden Changes) Intro Sneak Peek: Kind: captions Language: en now we'll see if the man can live up to the legend this is the greatest handgun ever made the Smith and Wesson revolver Six Bullets more than enough to kill anything that moves now I'll show you why they call me revolver [Music] draw

  Top Comments:
  1. @PhantomAnimations [15 likes]: ive got two unfinished animations that will be finished in year 2091
  2. @LadeTaympers [9 likes]: Gun Vs Gun? This gonna be 🤯🔥🔥🔥
  3. @junoyang9694 [4 likes]: Sudden change: I am the honored of bullet hole.
Mafiatale: I am the honored of old style

Sudden change and mafiatale: let see who had better guns style into pit of hell!
  4. @ChromaKale [1 likes]: THE GOAT IS BACK, HE IS BACK!
  5. @THEOVERWRITER [1 likes]: Smith & Wesson Magnum 500 vs M1911.
This will be a fight to remember.
  6. @under_animations [1 likes]: Yooo, phantom is come back, my favorite animator
  7. @green-c9y: make one of them do a ricoshot (i think thats what its called im stupid)
  8. @TheOriginofBangers: How come your discord link is expired
  9. @Bisi-cute: Yo I did the same mafia vs. sudden change
  10. @rukoska: Smith and wesson revolver vs a modern pistol. So peak,,,,,,
  11. @genzo20xis7: Dude where is our insanity vs chara phase 3
  12. @RE-Animated-gn3jp: Fire
  13. @ShadowtzYT: E
  14. @Cyberknifeboiiii: Oh no…this fight will end the world and all of reality
  15. @PassPassPass: wo i thought this guy was dead who is this gu
  16. @DeltaForceX123: This is better than Papyrus has a fucking gun (sneak peek)
  17. @psychoanims_official: wow it's cool that you perked up and very cool animation 😎
  18. @teetnus3458: hold up, why is this in my homepage, and why is it kinda peak????
  19. @DemiSemi: Genuinely fire bro, keep going.
  20. @JstPkdoingedits: Blue deep Redemption

- How to Craft an Engaging Introduction that Hooks Your Audience: Kind: captions Language: en [music] Let's talk about how you're engaging your audience from the very start. And if we haven't met yet, hi, I'm Meredith. I'm your public speaking go-to. And if you aren't subscribed to this channel yet, please do because if you want to be a more confident, incredible speaker, this is the place to be. So, let's dig in. Today, we're going to talk about your introduction. Your introduction is what's going to hook your audience. It's going to be your on-ramp for better presentations. It's going to give you that confidence to get through the rest of that presentation, whether that's internally, externally, a keynote, it doesn't matter. That introduction is everything. The first thing you want to start with is a hook. Not your name. Not the salutations, the hi, the hell's, thanks for having me here today, and now here's my name, and followed up by my resume. You want to start with a very strong hook. And if you've watched my past videos, last time I gave you 10. This time I'm just going to give you five to get this party started. So here are a few that you can think about. One, it could be a quote, someone that you admire. It could be an open-ended question that you're posing to your audience or a closedended question. It could be a startling statistic. It could be a story that you tell or a prop. So there are a variety of ways that we can really engage our audience. Once you have figured out what that hook is, you can then move on to yes, who you are for credibility because that is important. All of that expertise that you hold, the reason why you're in that room today or standing on that stage is because you bring a level of knowledge that nobody else in the room does. So let's bring you into the room. share just a few points for credibility and then you're going to move on to the third part which is why this presentation is important to this particular audience and then from there you're going to share with your audience what they're going to gain from your presentation. So those are the four parts to your introduction and I'm going to repeat them back. your hook, who you are for credibility, why your presentation is important to this particular audience, and what your audience is going to gain from your presentation. From there, you can then go into the body of your presentation, which might reflect back a few of those things that you mentioned, especially what your audience from your presentation. That could be the three key points or the key takeaways. This is going to be a very useful on-ramp for you. And then you're going to practice the heck out of that introduction. You're going to stand on your feet. You're going to visualize you standing in front of that audience or in that conference room and you are going to say it out loud over and over and over again until it starts to feel integrated, embodied, if you will. Not necessarily memorized, but yes, integrated. So that way you're following that road map that if something happens, whether the tech goes out or some sort of challenge with the schedule happens, you can be focused and present. I hope you'll come back because next week I'm going to talk about the body of your presentation and then I'm going to talk about your conclusion and how that wraps up nicely into a really great call to action so nobody leaves the room confused about what you want them to do with the information.

- How to Start your Presentation: 4 Step Formula for a Killer Intro: Kind: captions Language: en Have you ever seen Law and Order or CSI? Well if you have, you know how the shows start. They always start with a crime. Someone's running in Central Park. They come across a body. They call the police. The police are there, and then you're hooked. You're engaged and you have to know what happened. Then, only then, do they play the theme song. The "dun du du dun." And you see the credits. You might be wondering, what does this have to do with presentation skills? Well, just like you want to start off a show and hook the audience, you want to do the same in a presentation and we know this in theory, but I tell you about 9 out of 10 speakers I see start with their version of a theme song. It goes something like this, "Hi, my name's Anne. I'm so excited to be here. Thank you so much for coming and in a minute I'm going to tell you a story and on and on and on and the speaker can be one or two minutes and they haven't said anything interesting. Guess what? Now your audience is on their phone. We can do better. My name's Anne RIcketts, I'm the founder of Lighthouse Communications, and for a living I help people deliver more effective presentations. I strongly believe the introduction is most crucial piece of your presentation. And in this video I'm going to share with you a four step formula for a killer introduction. And, if you follow this not only will your audience be leaning and wanting to hear more but you will be bursting at the seams with confidence from giving such an amazing introduction. You ready for the formula? Step one is your hook. Or a combination of those things. Something interesting and vivid right away right away to pull them in. Step 2 is the transition to your topic. Bridge the gap between that hook and what you're going to talk about today. You can say something like, Step three is your self-introduction and a preview of your talk. If you don't know the audience yet, then you can briefly introduce yourself. Just give him the most interesting things from your background that directly relate to your topic and remember you can establish credibility throughout your talk so you don't have to give him the full bio and then go ahead and preview what are the goals of your talk what will you be covering. Step four is the benefit for your audience. Tell the audience what they will gain from listening to your talk. Don't just assume that they already know you should be specific. Now that you know the four steps for giving a killer introduction let's break it down and listen to the introduction to this video. Have you ever seen Law and Order or CSI? Well, if you have, you know how the shows start. Someone's running in Central Park... That was my hook. I asked my audience a question. And then painted a picture of a common experience of watching these these crime shows. You might be wondering what does have to do with presentation skills? Well just like you want to start off the show and hook the audience you want to do the same in a presentation... That was my transition to the topic. I bridge the gap between my hook and what I'm going to cover in the video. My name's Anne Ricketts, I'm the founder of Lighthouse Communications, and for a living I help... That with my self- introduction and preview. I briefly introduce myself and established some credibility on the topic and then I told the audience what we're going to cover in the video. If you follow this, not only will your audience be leaning in wanting to hear more but you will be bursting... Finally that was the benefit I told the audience specifically what they will gain from watching the video. Now you know the four steps for giving a killer introduction try it out and let us know how it goes write a comment on Facebook or on our YouTube channel and be sure to subscribe to the Lighthouse Communication YouTube channel.

  Top Comments:
  1. @AhmadModernization [1 likes]: Commendable 👏
  2. @pixsmart [1 likes]: 8 year later and still relevant. If true storytellers are right then this will be just as good in 8.000 years... Thanks :-)
  3. @darrellborland119: Just found your channel...giving a historical RR Talk soon, so the intro is baffling. Thank you, and will study this.
  4. @faithellis2010: Awesome tips from Jamaica 🇯🇲
  5. @sochemlemlam3003: No me trying to be confident enough and says , "hii everyone , my name is presentation "
  6. @pretty20156: thnak you sooo much! i gain a lot of attention with my speech !
  7. @FranciscoAGG: Wow I'm impressed. I'm giving a presentation in a few days.
  8. @freelancebizninja: Love that you’re breaking this down step by step. Communication skills are such a game changer.
  9. @johnbeck2042: Just a quick comment from a Capetonian: The use of the word "killer" in your title is most inappropriate, given all the shocking violence all over the world. It might be acceptable in Americanese, but it is certainly not acceptable world-wide. However, your presentation is excellent. Thank you!
  10. @mistershaw4508: Cool! Hook and transition from your hook to your presentation is an awesome point I learnt today. Thank you so much
  11. @brianne9733: great video, thanks!
  12. @theXshopXmeister: That intro got me. :face-blue-wide-eyes:
  13. @Rodrivaro: I watched this in 2025, and it’s still one of the most exceptional breakdowns of an intro for an impactful presentation. I love the effectiveness and the way you framed the topic within the video itself.
  14. @79mviews1weekago....2: 1. Your hook
2. Transition to topic
3.Self-Intro & Preview
4.Audience benefits
  15. @rdp9110: YOU ARE BEAUTIFUL
  16. @STEPHENCOOK001: 8 years later and this video still saved me
  17. @Zetler: Is a founder of a communications company supposed to be this charismatic? I know this video was 8 years ago but I would totally go to a Cold Play concert with her if you know what I mean.
  18. @mannedhandle: The hook is very cultural and interest based. For someone like me who grew up on the other side of the world in a non-TV watching culture, CSI etc are intrinsically uninteresting. Lost me right there.

Business is increasingly international - think of things that are interesting to people everywhere. It's much harder but pays off. Contrary to popular cynicism, America has the most internationally inclined culture in the world. I expect it to continue thriving.
  19. @stevenmichaelwilson1915: Dear Lighthouse Communications (love the name, Metaphor!) I'm an English teacher in Chile and I need to prepare students for job interviews in English. This will be a great benefit to my students and even serve me when I give lessons (great introductions to lesson topics). Thanks and keep up the great work!
  20. @Eshi-b4g: ❤❤❤❤❤❤loving it tx

- How To Entertain An Audience: Kind: captions Language: en there is nothing more disturbing and pitiful than an artist or band on stage not connecting with their audience and allowing them to connect with you in a deeper way so in this video i'm going to tell you how to entertain your audience hey and welcome to music space where we help working musicians just like you learn how to quickly and easily make a living with your craft so if you're new here to the channel hit that subscribe button and the notification bell that way you'll be notified when new videos are uploaded so there are bands and artists that literally don't even try to entertain their audiences like they even do things like just start their shows cold where they're on stage or walk on stage at that 7 or 8 p.m start time and just start playing and the audience is just sitting there probably talking with their friends and talking among themselves and all of a sudden they're jarred by this big burst of sound that's coming from the stage it's literally like you're doing a kanye west on them like imma let y'all finish but my band is starting right now and that sort of sets the tone and the mood for the entire night or the entire show and that's an issue because most audiences make up their mind about you and whether or not they like you within the first few seconds of hearing you or musically speaking in the first few measures of your song so ideally you want to capture their attention at the beginning and maintain it throughout the show so what are some ways that you can do that well i'll tell you five ways and the fifth way is my absolute favorite so make sure you stick around to the end to hear that one now right before we jump into those five things if you're getting value out of this video so far do me a quick favor and hit the like button on this video that helps out with the youtube algorithms and things like that and it lets me know you appreciate this content alright so the first thing you want to do to be entertaining is introduce your band under almost no circumstances should you just start your shows cold unless it's something that specifically requires you to do so or it's something that's become your stick or something like that you should not be starting your shoals cold there's a reason why things like award shows and festivals have people announce who is coming on and announce the acts that are coming on before they get on stage there's a reason why most people in the entertainment space be it musicians or comedians or whatever are presented to an audience before they do their act the introduction not only pleasantly lets the audience know that something is coming but it also sets the expectations for the night and gives people a sort of natural way to tune into you so always always introduce or present your band in some way before you start playing and this sets the stage for your audience to be entertained now next you want to talk to the audience now this really should be a staple in your show it's just as important as the songs you put on your set list you need to have talking points built into your song list this not only allows for easier and smoother transitions between songs but it allows them to have sort of a connectivity as well and this is especially the case when you're doing something like going from one genre of songs to another genre or say from a fast song to a slow song or vice versa it can be a bit jarring to an audience who particularly likes a type of song say rock songs and that's their thing and then all of a sudden you bust out with some pop or rap song or have them on the dance floor dancing to this really up tempo fun song and then go into this like really smooth slow song this is the reason you hear disc jockeys on radio stations talk between every few songs or so again it helps with that transition between those types of songs and just songs period and more especially to the point here it keeps the audiences connected to what you do thereby helping them be entertained now another thing you want to do is use banter now banter is really a cool technique to get audiences to open up to you and like you when you're able to incorporate this sort of playful language in your talking points it gives your audience a sort of open road to connect to you your personality and your music and this is really important because we tend to see and hear things differently when we're in a good mood or in a you know a good state of mind versus when we're in a bad mood or just feeling kind of melancholy and you're teasing or saying something funny or joking allows them to open up and you know see you in a better light and it also helps them to smile and be in a good mood and guess what smiling is a hallmark of being entertained now next what you want to do is move around so being entertained and entertainment in general is not just about what's being heard which is what you know as musicians we tend to focus on a lot but it's also about what is being seen in other words there's a visual aspect to entertainment and one of the easiest most impactful ways to incorporate this is through movement a lot of musicians and artists and bands literally just stand there or sit there and perform and it gives the audience nothing visually pleasing to look at this is one of the reasons you see people like public speakers or comedians move around on stage when they're doing their act or when they're presenting they understand that movement is something that helps keep the audience's attention and thereby helping keep them entertained i mean this is really sort of intuitive like if you're just standing there doing you're my brown eyed girl versus you know if you're you're my brown eye girl like you see the difference between those two things it's the movement and the expression that helps keep audiences entertained now another way to entertain your audience and this is really my favorite one is to ask questions and this is a pro tip that professional entertainers use to entertain and engage their audiences they ask questions to get their audience to respond and you want to make this an easy question like you can do something like ask the audience how many people in the room are celebrating a birthday or how many capricorns do we have in the room things like that or now watch this how many of y'all saw the big moment at the oscars last week that was crazy right and then you like who do you who do you who do you think you are going to crazy by gnarls barkley you see how that connective thing works absolute genius but also you can ask them to do physical things like snap their fingers or clap their hands to the beat you can have them create the timing for you so you could do something like come on everybody put your hands together like this come on all right good and then you can go into who do you who do you who do you think you are so you see how that works like that's engaging and that's keeping the audience entertained and this is one of my absolute favorite ways of keeping the audience entertained now also what you put on your set list is really important when it comes to being entertaining and i've done a video about that and you can check it out here [Music] foreign

  Top Comments:
  1. @Squarepixel_73 [47 likes]: Dude's beard has 10X more personality than half the bands I've seen live.
  2. @elkaly-man-915 [1 likes]: I am a starting musician thank you for this, you just gained yourself a subscriber 🙌
  3. @robinlee28 [1 likes]: Number 5. Yes/no questions. I've seen so many frontmen ask "how are you doing?". No. Ask "Are you good?" way better.
  4. @birdlordband [1 likes]: We have an audio as intro and then an instrumental song that follows that has lot of character. We try to keep talking short but it fits to the kind of music we make prog/psychrock:) Great chanel of yours! Thx for your videos
  5. @KrisW247: We get introduced, then play 2 songs back to back before I start interactions with the crowd. They know what we are about musically and then its down to me to keep them engaged between the songs.
  6. @spivvo: Somebody needs ro tell Van Morrison…. Bagsy not me 😂
  7. @bobinscotland: Ask 1,000 musicians and I can guarantee you will get roughly 1,000 opinions on ANY topic, such as using backing tracks, wearing costumes, having lyrics on stage, having lights, speaking to audiences, etc.

I found what suits me...  it certainly won't suit everyone else... maybe some, but not all.

Best tip I can offer for newcomers to CHAT between songs is NEVER have an opinion ...  STICK TO FACTS about the next song, like the year it came out, the writer (if interesting), some band members perhaps... and have notes if you can see them (I still use printed paper in books, but I don't stare at the lyrics... they are just there to bring me back in line after any distractions, with lines drawn and notes for arrangement and count-ins rather than lyrics).
  8. @Ulop-v7w: I play whatever nasty as punk or grunge comes out the more melodically crushing the better.
  9. @uncleabs9272: Dude!  If a singer doesn't know these basic points, which are all great by the way, then the singer should be put in the bass player position!  😂
  10. @kent_lewis: watching this as a dj any more tips, i use no mic as well but would progress
  11. @karansuri555: Thank you so much sir. These tips are really helpful.❤
  12. @Patricktipton-q2m: Thank you, Mr. Fisher
I really appreciate you going over these different aspects of live performance. 
Very helpful for me
  13. @FrankPersico: Great work as always …from a fellow YouTuber I tip my hat 🎩
  14. @jdanielcramer: I find it really helps if you drop your pants during the last set… 🤡
  15. @allyoriental: Merci beaucoup pour la vidéo 🎉Je vais performer demain soir I’m ready
  16. @johngodwintv: Beautiful..
Thanks for sharing these tips
  17. @Patricktipton-q2m: Thank you
  18. @Poloboyaaron123: Rihana can just stand there and get everybody’s attention 😂😂😂
  19. @Guitarzan8: Don’t be scared. Of Anything. Show confidence. Not glibness. Strive for subconscious competence. Or unconscious competence. Look people in the eye for a couple seconds. Smile.
  20. @bradenshowley3965: Great video, all of these points are so important

- How to Engage an Audience in a Presentation: Kind: captions Language: en In this video, we're going to look at how you can engage your audience in your presentation. The first step, of course, is to create your content and know what you want to share. And then the second step is to figure out how to maximize the engagement and interaction between you and your listeners. And we're going to look at six strategies to help move you in that direction. Hello there and welcome back. If this is your first time tuning into Communication Coach, this channel is here to help people probably like you, rising leaders who want to increase your impact so you can lead the people around you to higher levels of excellence. We're doing a two-part series and how to engage your audience. In this video we're gonna look at six quick tips. And, in the next video, we're going to look at Learning Styles. So make sure that you look for that video. Either I'll link it to a card above and I'll also put it in the description below. So in this video I want you to look at these six strategies for engaging your audience. Think about which one would be the easiest one for you to use in your very next presentation. So tip number one ask more questions. Instead of just talking at your audience, you want to create a feeling of a discussion. You can ask what they call rhetorical questions, that you don't need anybody to answer. You just ask the question and they think about it during your pause. Or you can actually ask them to respond. But make sure you ask them a nice easy question something light. All they have to do is maybe raise their hands or shout out a one or two word response. Nothing too complicated. You want to keep it nice and easy. Another thing that you can do is ask your listeners to do something physical. This is tip number two. Ask them to do something like say I'd like you to take an object out of your pockets or I would like you to open or flip through a book that you might be looking at. I once saw a speaker for example ask everybody to cross their arms and then once we all had our arms crossed they talked about comfort and comfort zone a little bit then I said okay now cross your arms in the opposite direction. And it really helped the speaker make the point because there was a bit of discomfort when you star,t and you can try it right now, when you switch your arms the opposite way that you're used to folding them. It is a little bit uncomfortable. It really drove home the speaker point, but by having us do something physical it made it that much more powerful. The third tip is to give your listeners something to react to. So it's not just you as a speaker and your listeners maybe you put up a relevant quotation or image on a slide and then you ask them to react to it in some way, like by asking them a question or in some other way that is much more dynamic than just you and your listeners, now it's a third part of the puzzle that they reacted to. Stimulus. Response. That will usually get people thinking and get people talking. The fourth way to get people more engaged is to ask a volunteer from your audience to come up on the platform or the stage up to the front and do something with you, demonstrate something with you. And what happens when you bring a volunteer up is that the other listeners put themselves in the volunteers place. And so they're much more likely to relate to it and they find it much more engaging and entertaining. For example, I teach college and at the beginning of every semester in almost every course, I teach students how to shake hands professionally and I bring up a volunteer and listeners are laughing they're engaging because they can see themselves in the volunteer's spot. And they all get better handshakes and they do a better job. And then we have them practice it more as a group as well you can ask them again to do something physically later. But just bringing the volunteer up is another technique that you can use to get people more engaged. The fifth tip is to use a real object, some kind of prop instead of just simply the PowerPoint slide. So for example if I'm talking about camera lenses, I want to have a real object a real prop real camera lens is way more engaging than a picture for example of a camera lens up on the PowerPoint. And if you've ever flown on a plane you know this when the flight attendant is demonstrating how to buckle the seat belts, they use the actual object which is much more interesting to look at then let's say that little pamphlet they put about the seat belts in the seat pocket in front of you. I don't look at that pamphlet but I do look at the person with the object and I always find a little interesting how they handle that seat belt because it's a real object. Much more realistic and interesting then a simple image. And the last tip the sixth tip is that you can be the prop. Your physical body can be a way to engage your listeners. So the way you gesture the way you come alive the way you move around your speaking area you might even go a little bit into your audience like up an aisle for a little bit. That's way more engaging than just standing still in one place the whole time now you have to be careful. You don't want to move for no reason. You don't want a pace like you're nervous. You have to move with a purpose but when you move with a purpose it's much more likely to bring people into the interaction, get them much more excited. So those are my six quick tips on how to engage your audiences more effectively in a presentation. Just wanted to remind you there is another video right after this and the card above here or in a link in the description below about how to use learning styles as a schema for interacting with your audience in a more dynamic way. So thanks. God bless and I will see you in the next video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @VladimirGeorgiev-z9k7j [3 likes]: This gave me practical ways to prompt my audience to engage. Now my followers are more interactive and responsive than ever.
  2. @IsaacNewton-b8l [3 likes]: I am a 100% sure this will help. I have recently graduated after a total of 5yrs of theology and decided to begin giving bible lessons as a rehab. It has being a real blessing to teach, but I needed more and I wanted more of the audiences attention.
  3. @MatthewAGilbert [1 likes]: 1. Ask more questions 1:06
2. Ask your audience to do something physical 1:36
3. Ask them to react to something 2:19
4. Invite a volunteer 2:49
5. Use an object as a prop 3:39
6. Use body movement 4:30
  4. @MariaAnderson-x2z [1 likes]: Really practical advice that's easy to implement – especially like the tip about involving volunteers! I'm excited to try these techniques in my next presentation and see the difference it makes. Thanks for sharing!
  5. @ArleneKirk-n8m [1 likes]: I appreciate how you engage with your audience!
  6. @cathyl1954 [1 likes]: Curious why you have music in the background while you're speaking? What is the purpose of that?
  7. @Samurai_Championz: Can I tell my audience how hard it is to do what I do and what's right and not be criticized and demonized for it?
  8. @Treasure087yu: Thanks
  9. @LuxuriosProperties: Not all volunteer gets empathy
  10. @AmandaMoyeGeller-z4n: This was insightful
  11. @BrotherB509: 🎉
  12. @kartinikartini-ju7pl: Very,very useful for me.Thanks  from Indonesia.
  13. @DelilahDekoning: These are great, actionable tips that I'll definitely be incorporating into my next presentation. Keeping the audience involved is key to getting your message across effectively!
  14. @MelisaEgar-c7z: Thanks for your precentation
  15. @sunvaj6754: Great tips!   Thanks!
  16. @blackbunny6494: I have watched a few if your videos, and you always lose me at "God Bless".  Religious freedom is great, but so is the choice not to have to hear it in professional presentations.
  17. @aishwaryajagtapsd: It was helpful thanx!!!!
  18. @shet0011: Captain obvious here, not useful.  It's like you've never really presented before.
  19. @xyz-mp9bp: Wow
  20. @SarahChi25: New subscriber here! I need this and to improve, thank you!! 👀💎💚🏆😎

- #1 Public Speaking Mistake -- Not Engaging Your Audience: Kind: captions Language: en foreign mistake that speakers make in giving presentations before I answer that let me ask you a question how many times have you gone to presentations with a speaker just lectured to you in a monitoring voice were you bored did you want to run out of the room so I say to you the number one mistake that speakers make is not engaging their audiences how do you engage your audience get them involved ask questions have activities involve your audience bring them in front of the room pick on different people in the audience to summarize the number one mistake that people speakers make in giving presentations is not engaging Their audience so engage your audience this is Alan Kaufman remember the next presentation you give does not have to make you sweat

- RC Drift Intro: Top 7 Mistakes & How To Avoid Them: Kind: captions Language: en in this video we're going to be talking about the top seven mistakes people make when trying to get into rc drifting welcome everyone my name is troy this is roadside rc on the channel you'll find me doing everything from crawling and bashing and racing and drifting plus product review videos and how to's today i think something that's been long overdue i get a bunch of questions from folks around hey i'm getting into rc drifting i'm curious about it what should i do i've already got a couple videos out there that i believe help with best upgrades and how to choose a ready to run versus a kit and things along those lines but a lot of the times i see people making some very common mistakes when they're trying to get into rc drifting so i want to talk about those today to make sure that you check these off your list as you're thinking about getting into it let's get started the first item is demonstrated right here rear-wheel drive versus all-wheel drive this is a huge debate and topic in the community but it's really really important for you to look at this because you need to know how and where you're going to drive what kind of driving style you want are you out for door-to-door side sliding sideways with your buddies around a track or are you out like hooning around a parking lot a skate park something along those lines this right here is the biggest decision that you need to make as you start in with rc drifting and it really determines your budget it determines the components you need it determines the chassis you need it is it determines everything from now i've already made a whole video that dives into the details of all-wheel drive versus rear wheel drive i'll provide a link to it up here if you haven't already made this choice go check out that video because like i said the driving dynamics where you drive how you drive all that stuff very very different all-wheel drive versus rear-wheel drive so you need to answer this question first if you are in the all-wheel drive camp i'm just going to be sliding around a parking lot having some fun like that then honestly this redcat thunder drift really really recommended very durable i've had a blast with it and it comes in at like 150 160 bucks super super fun vehicle to have at a very affordable price if you go into the rear wheel drive category then we have a whole lot more to talk about in this video item number two is the electronics that people use in their drift cars this is honestly i believe once you've determined that you want a rear-wheel drive rc car this is the number one thing that people screw up mistakes they make when they're trying to get into rc drifting they want to get in as cheap as possible to just try it out maybe they don't know if they're really going to like it or not and so they get in with as little spending as possible and it completely hurts how they perform and their enjoyment with the rc cars a lot of times you'll see people that end up using some cheap controller this is like my uh redcat controller here two channels only no active third channel to help you control the gyro and probably most importantly the gyro itself you have to have a quality gyro i highly recommend the futaba gyd 450 it is a great gyro drifts beautifully really really does a great job on the car as an example this is what i got when i first got my used drift car and i could barely drive this thing i bought my mst rmx used um it was just a roller but it had this gyro in it and a couple other cheap electronics and i literally sat in my garage for eight hours just trying to make a figure eight and actually have a video on it it's actually it's kind of entertaining but like it was really really a struggle to drive this car just upgrading the gyro alone made a huge monumental change to this car before like when i after i after i got some really good practice and i went to the track i uh i could still barely make a lap like maybe i'd make a lap without wrecking but after the gyro change smooth drift all the time able to make laps made a huge difference do not cheap out on the gyro with your drift car basically there's only been two gyros i've ever really truly been happy with it's that futaba gyd 450 and it's the yokomo uh dpv4 those are the only ones that i've ever drifted with or i've been like oh yeah these are really really good yes some people have experience and luck with other ones but man it's you're just running a gamble go out there get you a good gyro get you a controller that can actually control the gyro and then not this red cat something like i run a bunch of futaba 4 channels but even the futaba 3 channel the 3pv even that will do the job and it's just over 100 bucks i think with a receiver so it's okay like spend that little bit extra on the controller in gyro if you do need to cheap out anywhere along the way you can get away with a little bit subpar esc and motor to start with you will eventually want to upgrade it to beautiful centered setup anyway but you can get out a little bit cheaper setup to start with if that's where you need to cut some corners so if you want to know the electronic setup that i recommend for a drift car it's that futaba gyro it's the rev d rsst servo hobby wing motor and 10 and a half turn esc plus like i said futaba 3pv or 4 channel pm controller so i'll provide a link to all those products down below in the video description so you can see it this is what i would recommend not for and this isn't like all-out crazy high-end build this is this is moderate good you can drift you can have fun i have a couple videos out there also that can help you i have one where i have one or two where we're talking about installing that 450 i'll provide a link to those up in the video description i'll also provide a link out to a hobby wing esc comparison the xr10 versus the 10bl20 120. those are good kind of a little bit more budget oriented versus slightly mid-range high-end hobby wing choices that you can make for an esc and motor combos and then lastly i have a video on the reviti rsst servo install and then all the programming and tuning options and all that kind of stuff and what they do and how i felt about that so all that'll be down in the video description the third most common mistake folks make when they first get their rear wheel drive rc drift car is they go straight to the track they don't practice at home they don't find a nice smooth spot of concrete somewhere or asphalt in order to try to get a handle of the car they go straight to the track and i'd be honest the track is a very intimidating place with folks that know what they're doing right on your bumper and it's really really hard to learn there with a lot of other people there so the first things you have to do when you get a rear-wheel drive drift car is you have to practice with it now i have four recommended things that i suggest you try with your rear wheel drive drift car in order to gain practice the first is just a simple circle so put make some marks on the ground i don't care if you use chalk i don't care if you use tape make a maybe three foot diameter circle something like that on a floor and maybe in your garage or wherever you can and practice making that circle what you're looking for here is learning at what throttle input do you actually start to drift once you are drifting like that how do you maintain that circle in a smooth and efficient way that is really really telling and really a good muscle memory learning for your hands and your control how do you maintain a smooth circle next is a figure eight so you've taken that circle and now what you're doing is breaking it apart and adding a transition in the middle so you drift to one side then you have to transition to a drift in the other direction and back and forth and back and forth that teaches you again how do you initiate the drift how what does it look like to transition because that transition from one direction to the other can be kind of violent can swing pretty hard and all of a sudden you know you're spinning out so you gotta learn how to control that it's a very critical specific maneuver that you'll need later on lastly is the pattern that i like to refer to as the big c all right it's kind of like an overgrown balloon see that you're laying down on your floor and you're tracing it out with your drift car you're going around that outside edge of it it involves three smaller transitions plus one really large sweeper again you can still do this in like a one car garage so you can still do this pretty much anywhere it's a fairly small space still required but again it just gets all of these components kind of starting to wrap in you have transitions you have smaller corners and you have a big sweeper and again you're learning that throttle control you're learning what you need to do with the steering and the throttle in order to make the car do these things that you needed to do and then lastly the last thing that i would recommend as a practice is actually doing drift tricks now i have a bunch of videos where i've done this kind of stuff it's a great way to spend some time maybe it's cold outside you shut the garage door you only need something like a couple metal cans and you just set them up and you either have hey do i need to hit these things do i not need to hit these things how do i control the car going in and out of these specific patterns honestly i have a hoot with this stuff i can spend hours in the garage kind of making up different patterns and different things to do i really really enjoy it it's also really really good for car control so if you can do these things and you can precisely place your car when you get to the track you're going to have a better understanding of what your car needs to do so then once you've done all that now it's time to go to the track right now that you've got some kind of some basics understood now it's time to go to the track here's where you get all this and then you put all that together and you go out and you make some laps with folks and you come into that track setting with a much more confidence than you ever would have before the fourth mistake that people make is all around steering the control of a rear wheel drive drift car is 90 throttle steering but you're not used to that you're used to seeing how these drift cars can have crazy high angle and as you're driving you will see the car with its wheels cocked way over like this but you figure out that you're not turning the wheel quite as much as what it's doing that has that gyro in there which is between your hand and the front wheels and you really really have to get used to letting the gyro do the work and you're just kind of like guiding the car i always always kind of liking it to piloting a boat so you're in the boat it's maybe a small boat there's current you know the boat is kind of going wherever the current and the boat wants you're just kind of guiding it you're guiding its general direction it's the same way with the steering on a drift car you're controlling it with the throttle the gyro is helping to make sure that you're maintaining a steady drift all you're doing with the steering is just a gentle guiding the biggest mistake i see with folks out there is they try to make too many steering inputs or two large steering inputs so the car will be driving and all of a sudden you'll see the wheels are start or sideways is still going straight because they've yanked a bunch of steering thrown the wheels way over well guess what you can even see it right there as i drag this car back and forth those front wheels aren't barely spinning they're just going to push those if you turn them that far and the car's not already sliding you're just gonna push like a plow so when you're steering you can only steer the car about this amount in order to actually initiate drift initiate corners the rest of it is held on by the gyro and your throttle control and speaking of throttle control that's actually an item number five on our list throttle control is everything in rear wheel drive drift everything you've really got to master this what i would like to say when i want to instill in your brain a stable throttle is a stable drift okay so heck if rear wheel drive drifting is 90 maybe even 95 throttle control then everything that you do with this throttle is very very important you'll see one of two things happening when you're when you're talking about throttle control so the first is someone is giving the car too much throttle and it is spinning out so that means the more throttle you give it the more angle the car is going to want if you give it too much throttle too much angle the car will spin out similar to what we just talked about in the previous tip if you're not giving the car enough throttle to actually spin the wheels and you turn the and you turn the wheels you turn the steering what's going to happen it's going to go straight the cars do not want to turn unless the tires are spinning the last thing that i do to help with this is i actually put negative 100 expo on my throttle so you can see how that throttle curve is way down so that means when i'm down here at these lower throttle levels trying to maintain my drift my more throttle input from the trigger is actually just kind of numbed out down here at the bottom so however maybe when i'm at the end of a long straight and i need to really flick the car in i still have 100 throttle way up here i still have all the throttle all the wheel speed that i need however when i mid drift it really does kind of numb out my throttle and help me control the car and get better traction down here at the lower end item number six is all about the tires so many times people have the wrong tire on their car there's so many choices out there from yokomo and mst there's fire brand there's ds racing and each one of them makes a whole lineup of tire compounds and yes it really really does matter the tire that you have on your vehicle really does impact the driving even though they all feel like they're just hard plastic tires and you wouldn't think it really matters there's a huge difference in tire performance based on the surface you're driving in the spec that they provide so what i see is i see again people cheapening out and just buying something that they can get easily and readily but it ends up being the wrong spec by now you've already been practicing in your garage you've already or some other space and you're ready to go to the track when you go to the track what you need to do is immediately get the same tire that everybody else at the track is running that helps maintain the same speed helps get you in the same drift angles helps to maintain and get you in the same kind of feel that everybody else does and that helps you get right in their door and be able to drift with people so much easier if everybody out there on the track is running different tires and different speeds and you can't really drift with each other you end up just kind of it's it's kind of drift racing at that point been there done that it's fun it's not quite as satisfying as being right in in door to door tandeming with folks i promise the last item that i'm going to put on this list number seven is all around tuning of the car there's so many times that i see other people they get either they're frustrated or they're just intimidated tooting one of these drift cars is super intimidating and every millimeter matters and so what i see people is i see them kind of give up and then just say like hey i want i want you to tune it for me i'm going to give it to you can you do it or maybe there's that one or two super helpful folks at your local track that really want everybody to do well you know it's great to ask people for input it's great to approach those folks and say hey what would you do in this situation but you've got to do the tuning you have got to take the car you've got to understand when i change this this is what happens now only do that if you're trying to actually fix something you know i'll give you an example my sakura d5 i put it with the box stock suspension alignment straight out of the box the car drifts beautifully i'm not touching the dang thanks i'm not screwing it up however there's a lot of folks that do get their vehicles maybe they are frustrated with it in some point step one is don't just start slapping parts and tunes on it step one this is step seven for a reason practice practice get out there drive the car the person that's driving it is the biggest tuning thing that you have to do to one of these vehicles after you're comfortable with what your car does and you can make it do whatever it is repeatably then you need to tune it because that way you know what it does and so then later on maybe you change to different shocks maybe you put a different chassis in maybe you do some different things like this you know how to get that driving feel back because you have been tuning it and you understand the general concept of what needs to happen if you're always just handing the car off to someone else and saying them fix it then it's going to come back maybe in their driving style not in your driving style i've seen this first hand and it can be very very frustrating for folks when you're going through these tuning options every time you change one thing at a time leave everything else constant and then i want you to go back to that practice course that we talked about up earlier in the in the steps do the circles do the figure eights do the big c and can you tell a difference in how the car drives that is a very important thing you can't just go do this you have to do these changes back to back and you have to be able to tell the difference in them if you make a change and you can't tell the difference then it might not be either a big enough change or maybe that change just really doesn't matter so you're going to need a caliper or a scale of some kind something that allows you to precision measure whatever it is that you're trying to get to you're going to need a camber gauge like this one from rpm that i use so that you can actually accurately dial in your camber you're gonna need some kind of a turnbuckle wrench i'll provide you this is like the standard traxxas one i'll provide you a link to a better one down below in the comments but you're gonna need something where you can actually adjust those turnbuckles and then you're probably gonna need again a tape measure or a scale of some kind in order to measure other components you got to get these things you got to write them down you got to take notes of this is what they were this is how the car drove this is what i changed this is how the car drove that way you know exactly what you need to go back to if you do need to revert to previous settings all right and now that now that is it that is my seven top mistakes and recommendations for people trying to get into rc drift do you agree with me do you disagree do you have ones that you think should be on this list please provide them down in the comments below i would love for this to be something that people can reference in order to get into the hobby in a happy way so what are other mistakes that people make that you see and then what also do you think or some suggestions or recommendations for people to do so put those down in the comments i really really do appreciate it so as always i'm going to get to working on some other stuff i really appreciate all your support in the meantime please come over here check out some other videos that i've already made and we will see you in the next video so thank you and goodbye

  Top Comments:
  1. @RoadsideRC [5 likes]: Parts and tools I reference:
 - Redcat Thunder Drift: https://amzn.to/3AkI7nA
 - Futaba GYD450 gyro: https://amzn.to/3THMT5e
 - Futaba 3PV: https://amzn.to/3Gni570
 - Futaba 4PM: https://amzn.to/3UL8E5Q
 - Hobbywing XR10 esc: https://amzn.to/3hP7nvW
 - Hobbywing 10.5T motor: https://amzn.to/3OaEJ4i
 - ReveD RS-ST servo: https://www.avantlink.com/click.php?tt=el&merchant_id=4b85b2b7-558e-4304-89fc-54958c8f47f0&website_id=caf4cba5-8e5f-43be-93b7-934f1a36d50d&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.amainhobbies.com%2Freve-d-rsst-low-digital-programmable-servo-black-rv-rs-sta%2Fp1434712
 - Calipers: https://amzn.to/3GmJTIO
 - Camber gauge: https://amzn.to/3Odz8tX
 - Turnbuckle Wrench: https://amzn.to/3Ec4Mn5

Other videos I reference:
 - AWD vs RWD: https://youtu.be/BGLWGxusBvI
 - Learning to drift: https://youtu.be/9PKRPKPLrf8
 - Installing the GYD450 gyro: https://youtu.be/zwgFrJMbXk0
 - Which Drift ESC is best for you: https://youtu.be/LPVY8W74l5c
 - ReveD RS-ST servo install and tuning: https://youtu.be/8d72Wlw9ecM
  2. @bmorenotless4729 [2 likes]: Four years later and I was wondering how accurate this still is, or if you have any videos of this info updated? Thanks a bunch from a noob🙏🤙 lol
  3. @LeonardoMayberry [1 likes]: I know this video is old but it was really helpful for me because I’m going to purchase a new RC drift car this month so I really appreciate these tips man. I’ve been wanting to get into RC drifting since I was a kid so again big thanks to you bro 🙏🏽
  4. @Its_Just_ZERO [1 likes]: I would be interested in a summer 2025 video that compares the recommendations in this video vs the currently available chassis, eac/motor combo, gyro, etc. 
love this channel so much. 
Your the goat
  5. @prxmrrr: Fun fact: If you're on PC and you hit the like button it turns into a tire doing a burnout
  6. @peiwang7930: Thanks for your videos, I've been learning a lot from them as I got into this hobby. Moving forward, I wonder if you can do some videos on handling sharp turns and maintaining a long drift on both controlling and tuning sides. While I can see myself making progress with practice, I think your experience sharing will be quite helpful. I find YT is overcrowded with tuning videos that focus only on the technical variables, but it is a bit disconnected from the drifting scenarios. Thanks for your consideration.
  7. @evorcmalta: Top top advice, been drifting for a few years and only recently I’ve been really really drifting and tandem propertly. These videos played a massive role in the progress of my rc drift experience. Thanks Troy, you’re awesome!!!
  8. @effinchet6228: So basically what you're saying is , unless you're willing to spend a thousand bucks , don't bother spending your money on a drift car thats what i'm getting from this video
  9. @weepee1985: im runnina 3.5 turn 5900kv 120amp esc  with nickle batteries rwd.  ur speaking personal opinon thats my set up   totally wild!!!
  10. @Cryhavoc19: 💯 solid great advise esp the get used to and practice how Ur car behaves at home or just on Ur own learn by doing .then hit the track esp the big c and fig8 and tricks have fun
  11. @harlyquin: i just bought a 3RACING Sakura D6 and I'm not able to hold a drift with it yet, i have driven my friends MST rwd drift car no probs, feels very easy to drift, the only difference is i was driving mine on smooth concrete and his on a not as smooth road, do i need to do something special to the concrete or is it car set up?, cos at the moment it feels like I'm driving on ice, it just wants to spin out all the time
  12. @Cobra_427: I just picked up an LDRC FC RX7 and even with the bad built in gyro I'm kind of getting the hang of it, I have a dasimikro nano drift v5 on the way as I've read that's a solid gyro for the price and for smaller scale cars like my 1:18 scale, I want to get into the bigger 1:10 scale cars where I would use some higher end stuff, but there isn't a track local to me nor do I have the budget for that just yet
  13. @gamercat7004: I'm here thinking about getting a mst 2.5 drift car or a yokomo rd 2.0 and I have a friend who works in hobbytown who is selling his mst with upgraded chassis with carbon fiber and purple everything and selling it at 450 without esc and motor and remote.
  14. @antareephasan: None of these parts available in my country, all I can get is a LDRC 1/18 or a Jiabaile 1/43 :,).
Shipping cost is unbelievably hight.
  15. @youngski_bear: Hello Troy, I'm so glad I found this video since I'm really interested in RC drifting. It was so informative and easy to understan, great delivery and entertainment, as are other videos on your great channel.

Do you have any recommendations for mini 1/24-1/28 drifting chassis? I've heard that the longer the wheelbase and scale of car, the easier it is to drift but I'm only looking at indoor non competitive fun that I can tinker and refine during the winter months. 
I have a 1/24 ground up build performance orientated crawler and it's that adjustment, testing and optimising experience that I'm looking for (but at a mildly faster speed)😂!

Once again, thank you for a great video and channel.
  16. @BadWolfRC: Hi, nice video.I hope you can help me. I got some Kyosho, Trx 4tec, and I want one for drift, but I don't have track indoor, I must go to parking or skate... so I wonder, I wanna Mst 2.5.My question is, Mst have open gears, is that a problem, because I drive outside. Tnx.
  17. @MrSitallewal1983: Still dont like rwd drift cars are only for inside would like too see drift cars that can be used outside on asphalt and no not 4wd cuz in my opinion thats not drifting
  18. @danmaxwell994: I love the look of RC drifting l use to race RC 1/10 in my 20s. Love your vids now that I’m 48 I’m looking to take up the hobby again. I just don’t want to buy things twice. Is it a big learning curve.
  19. @youtube.really.stole.my.handle: AWD is powersliding, not even drifting. Dont pick AWD.
  20. @anoonymoose196: For practice, some of us don't have the luxury of space at our residence - I only have my 8'x10'    rug so I'd rather just put the time in at the track.

Something that wasn't mentioned is having to learn the setup after changing components - I did esc and motor and wow, I have to learn how to drive all over again after a month of just starting.

- (Civ 6) 5 Early Game Mistakes EVERYONE Makes In Civilization 6 || Civ 6 Tips For Civilization 6: Kind: captions Language: en welcome back to a brand new civ 6 or civilization 6 video hope you're all having fantastic days but in the history of humankind mistakes have constantly been made take a look at my existence for example in this civ 6 video we're going to be talking about 5 early game mistakes that you need to stop making or you'll be more scared of deity than youtubers are of comrade susan's next 4 year plan in any case let's get into it [Music] and as always if you do enjoy feel free to leave a like and subscribe helps me out a ton but uh without further ado let's get into the first tip which is not building enough units now i know i said i wouldn't put things that are obvious but i think this one deserves a special mention essentially if you don't build enough units it's not just that the ai's gonna come after you it's the fact that these barbarians are gonna absolutely spawn just roman empire military you know come at you with millions of units while you don't even have a single slinger barbarians in this games are absolutely terrible and they spawn almost everywhere pretty much you're gonna have to be like america and spend everything on the military industrial complex granaries food people don't need to eat what are you talking about join the military if you want to snack but unless you want to be like the roman empire in the 4th century you need to eliminate barbarians quickly and effectively because once that scout gets back to the encampment you might as well hit the restart button because you're not making it out of that game alive uh but pretty much unless you're cuddled up next to another civ or city state kind of like my dreams but they'll never come true you do need a large military in order for you to stave off the barbarian invasions again especially considering the fact that the barbarian in the encampment's just gonna be fortified the entire time you're gonna probably need a couple units per encampment and that isn't even considering the fact that they'll probably get a couple scouts back and start spawning out units from absolutely nowhere it's as if the scouts get back to the encampments and they immediately go into baby maker mode maybe give them some minecraft level bone meal to grow those babies up immediately and unscript them into the military but yeah pretty much you just have to continuously build units in the early game uh building buildings we'll get to that in the future but really i'd say you need about five or six units to really at least to help you clear out barbarians and keep vision around your cities so you can prevent barbarians from spawning there in the first place that's pretty much the first tip let's go ahead and get into a secret super secret unknown special tip now the second tip we are going to be talking about is building useless buildings like granaries water mills etc you should almost certainly never build any of those buildings the bonuses they give are just not worth it i mean the granary gives one food and two housing really i'm not gonna spend eight or nine turns building a goddamn granary and that's if i'm lucky with production just to get a solid one food out of it the two housing isn't really going to be worth it especially if you have like a river city aqueducts are better for the industrial zone adjacency anyway but with all the funds you're going to be sending to the military industrial complex you can't be giving useless buildings i mean water mills are worth an early game settler and they give like two food one production are you dumb i'm not building that anymore what what do you mean water mills not we don't build those buildings on this channels but for some reason people are more invested in building these buildings than twitch employees are the titty streamers uh it's just i i really don't get it a lot of the time i mean i build granaries and water mills a lot as well but looking back at it why would i ever build the buildings which give absolutely you know essentially no benefit one food is like half a population's worth you might be able to start feeding your populace a little bit better cut off two or three total turns from your next population growth rate but uh yeah the city center buildings are essentially useless for the most part some buildings are good but they're the ones you usually build in districts after the monument which is the only city center building you should be trying to build you got to leave your city more barren than the town that this one dude is rebuilding on this youtube channel nothing should be in there aside from that one singular monument but uh yeah essentially what i'm trying to say is a lot of the buildings especially in the city center are for the most part completely useless one food or two food and a little bit of housing isn't worth it when you could just get a builder to get literally more yields than that or start building a settler for a second city or just continue putting funds into your military aside from that uh yeah don't build these useless buildings let's move on to tip number three now the third tip is something me and many others probably already know about but we're just too lazy to actually make use of it and that is not switching civics or text at 50 completion rate i think it's either 40 or 50 percent the amount of science or culture a civic or eureka or inspiration can get you but there's no point in continuing to research attack if you are going to get the eureka for it anyway if there's an iron mine i'm about to build in five turns there's no point in me continuing iron working it's just a waste of science go ahead and go to another technology maybe you could get some fish or something if you really want to but really before sieve the last time i heard eureka was when i was watching the backyardigans when i was like five years old uh but pretty much you're going to be wasting more science than jen's ears are wasting their stimulus checks uh i'm a gen zero i know all about that but honestly when it comes to switching technologies it is just something kind of a pain honestly i don't even know how it's kind of like turning your alarm alarm clock off in the early morning after you wake up it's literally like two steps away but it feels like an eternity and you really just don't want to do it but honestly if you it's it's probably gonna be extremely helpful and definitely a lot better if you do actually end up switching the text and civics after they get to around 50 or 60 percent pretty much you want to be going for the strategy like sumo wrestlers go for that second helping of their second helping you got to do it with full force man you can't half-ass it and if you really want to win a game probably even a multiplayer game at this point you have to put this strategy into motion tip number four is something i am most definitely a culprit of as the youtube comments section usually lets me know and that is not sending delegations immediately leaders in civ 6 are kind of like girlfriends if you don't give them attention immediately you're pretty much essentially worse than the silly mustache oh there goes my monetization five seconds to pray for forgiveness from the algorithm gods all right let's continue but if you don't give a delegation on turn one of meeting a sieve and you hit next turn it's pretty much just going to process in a way and on the higher difficulties especially you get a negative modifier base when it comes to meeting sieves so if you don't immediately give the delegation you are going to be uh not being able to give the delegation in the future unless you do some obscure leader agenda like building eight different triremes in order to get harold to be your friend and acknowledge your navy but unless you're mr krabs and really can't part away with giving up 25 gold you should be doing this all the time immediately for multiple reasons the bonus relationship will allow you to make friends a lot easier not to mention prevent them from attacking you because who in their right mind would attack their friends but essentially civ leaders are like those obscure relatives you can come out of the woodworks after you start getting some money if you don't give the people you haven't seen for literal decades of banned you're going to get branded as a well as a very bad person essentially but pretty much what i'm trying to say is that if you don't give the delegation it's just going to cause problems for you in the future like someone's going to be more likely to attack you and they're going to be more likely to not be your friend which could be a problem once alliances come around especially if you're not able to complete their agenda like cleo's agenda is building a massive military if you're not able to do that then she'll probably just denounce you and you'll have no chance of making allies with her and getting that sweet research alliance for some nice mid-game science pretty much what you should be doing is like the irs you need to give them money to get them off your back or in that case probably get sent to alcatraz like some other gangsters but yeah give delegations immediately on founding and you will save yourself a world of trouble and now it is time to get into tip number five the magnum opus of this top five list and that is building cities too far away now this is something that i'm sure most people don't know about and even if they do that's something they almost definitely don't practice but essentially the american frontier was a wild west of crime and native raids there were no big cities and you'd have to wait thousands of miles for resupply to come and residents would be living through hell and it was just not a fun time to be alive so why would you do that in game anything goes wrong with that city and it's going to make like spider-man and infinity war and just get reduced to atoms if someone declares war on you and your 10 turns away from moving to resupply the city the city's gone unless you have like 500 gold in order to buy a couple units the city is immediately going to die and even if you do like why would you not just keep cities closer and save that money in the first place i understand you might be afraid of the ai taking those city spots but in all likelihood as long as you have enough room for 10 cities you should be you should be fine honestly and the benefits of building cities closer together are immense number one you'd have extra district adjacency which is great for civs like germany or japan the more districts you have near each other the more yields they will provide and districts pretty much provide most of science culture and gold yields anyway and considering that you don't want too much food in your cities upwards of 10 population most of the time isn't really worth it there really is no drawback of ever really putting your cities a lot closer together than usual but not to mention industrial zones and zoos provide bonuses to all adjacent cities the closer you keep those cities together the more benefits you're going to have in general and that isn't even taking into account the fact that cities that are far away are really hard to defend uh but honestly you should be thinking like the hunger games capital in that movie take resources from all your nearby cities through factories and zoos and research labs just get all those nice bonuses with magnus's vertical integration rather than just leaving the cities alone and fending for themselves like the wild west frontier just don't do anything else that the hunger games capital does i guess now i know i said this is gonna be a top five list but it's almost christmas and i feel like i'm in the giving spirit so i'll give one last super important super big tip that everybody can make use of and that is subscribing to the sieve lifer channel for those of you who don't know before napoleon absolutely stuck his dingaling inside of the entirety of europe he actually liked and subscribed one of the civ lifers video which did allow him to run havoc throughout the entirety of europe until the english empire did the same exact thing and they were back on the even playing field and waterloo happened but uh yeah that's pretty much going to be it for me let me know down below what you guys thought of these tips and exactly what other videos you want to see in the future and i'll see you all in the next video peace you

  Top Comments:
  1. @VioletSilence [1 likes]: Dude clearly never played Civ 6 and is just parroting some shit heard online XD
  2. @MrLookatmyhat [1 likes]: You dropped this, settler. 💁‍♀️L
  3. @saysikerightnow3914: My general granary strategy is that I try to start building it when my city is projected to get to its housing limit minus one by the time the granary completes. That way, I can leave it off as long as possible and only build it when I'd genuinely get its full value, because it is valuable. I don't know if it's optimal, but it works out for me the majority of the time.
  4. @dusanjovic718: bro chose islam 😂 what a abdool
  5. @kaptaink1959: So youre fine with a city that stay at size 5?  an Aqueduct is too far away to be an answer to growth
  6. @colinm.2202: What an intro holy shit, had me laughing out loud in the first 30 seconds
  7. @WavePotter: Woah woah! Infinity War SPOILERS! 








just a joke
  8. @sumothergye: The guy is calling people dumb for building probably the most impactful buildings in the game... and he really goes all in on it. He is ether trolling or has a genuine mental deficiency. The number of comments calling him out on this is at least encouraging.
  9. @lainpdaddy3937: Your need to make a joke every 45 seconds comes off very thirsty and annoying. It’s a thumbs down for me dog
  10. @TheWillOfASingleMan: This mf loves his analogies lol
  11. @jojotag5344: i love this guy's comedy
  12. @MrLuis47-YT: Damn bro getting flamed in the comments 💀 i didn't think it was that bad bro
  13. @NoPe-no4sn: Just turn barbarians off. Problem solved
  14. @r.m.7288: STFU with all the dumbass shit and PLAY THE DAMN GAME!
  15. @Thryfte: These tips are more coveted in shit than the tip i give my gf


Just kidding. For the most part
  16. @mateusloubach: first tip of the video is 2:20 seconds in.. he babbles until that point.
  17. @thesexysnake10: "Civ Ais are like girlfriends, if you don't give them something to immediately make them happy--"

Dude, women are watching your videos. Grow up.
  18. @Yakly2: Are you okay bro?
  19. @petergonska2663: One early mistake: dont buy this buggy shit game
  20. @arwenschild6406: Why do you talk like Trump 😢

- Starting Competitive Programming - Steps and Mistakes: Kind: captions Language: en You want to know how to start competitive programming so you can ace coding interviews from Google, but you don't know how? Or maybe you want to avoid making common mistakes that beginners make. This video will be split into many different parts depending on where you are. There should be a list of topics with their timestamps to my left. Make sure that you check out the list of mistakes at the end. You might think that the first step would be to learn to program but that's not exactly the case. If you are going to learn anything online, you'll need to at least be able to understand English. I think that most people are fine with this but just keep this in mind if English is not your native language and you don't have that much experience with it. The second thing is math. Yes, you do need math to do CS which might make some of us a bit uncomfortable; but don't worry, most of it can be learned along the way. You need a math level equivalent to that of a typical student in the US from grades 8 to 10 and mostly just the algebra and combinatorics, which means you can forget about geometry, trigonometry, and calculus. You also need to know very basic modular arithmetic and number theory. CS contains a lot of graph theory, but you don't need to know about it when you start. If you happen to have experience with math contests like MathCounts, AMC, or even Olympiads, then you're off to a great start already and you don't need to worry that much about this. If you feel like you might need a bit of review on these topics, you can go to the math section on HackerRank, where you can do problems on number theory, combinatorics, algebra, and probability. You don't need to finish of all the problems; just make sure that you know the basics. The last thing is touch typing. Touch typing is where you type without looking at your keyboard and it can greatly boost your typing speed. You basically use the home row position and you memorize where all the keys are. My typing speed without touch typing is 30 to 40 words per minute while my typing speed with touch typing is 100 to 130 words per minute. If you don't know what touch typing is, be sure to learn it, and one website you can use for this is keybr.com. You don't have to type as fast as I do but getting to 50 to 60 words per minute would be nice. Now we're at the second step, which is learning a programming language. You might have heard that most top competitive programmers use C++ and that's true. This is because C++ is sometimes necessary for some of the harder problems as it is one of the fastest languages. However, if you already know a programming language that is not too obscure, then don't bother learning C++ yet. I got to red on Codeforces, which is the Grandmaster rank, by only using Java and I only switched to C++ after that. If you don't have any programming experience, there are several options for you. If the idea of writing code really scares you, then you can start out with Scratch, which is a visual programming language. Many kids start out using Scratch before transitioning to writing real code. I recommend most people to just start learning C++. There is a nice nine-hour video on the basics of C++, I'll include the link in the description, and I recommend you to watch and learn the first five or six hours of that video. After you finish that, you can continue by practicing the C++ skill on HackerRank, where there are a bunch of useful problems and you don't need to finish all of them just make sure that you know the basics. So, you have now learned to program and you want to start CP in particular. You'll need to start learning basic problem-solving, algorithms, and data structures. There are several resources which you can use for this. The first one is the Competitive Programmer's Handbook, and the link will be in the description. It contains many useful concepts and explanations for beginners. The second one is the algorithms page on GeeksForGeeks. It contains an exhaustive list of articles of the most common algorithms that you will encounter in CP. If you can't learn something in the resources above, you can always use Google to find useful articles on anything that you want to learn. To practice, one good resource which I've mentioned several times already is HackerRank. They have an algorithms section, and you can do all subdomains in this section except for the last two. The problems on HackerRank have good editorials, which are basically explanations for the problems. A question I get a lot is whether there is any road map or syllabus for competitive programming. The answer is most people, including me, don't follow any such roadmap. We just do whatever practice we can find. However, if you still want an ordered list of problems to practice from, you can try A2OJ ladders. These ladders contain lists of problems for people of all levels from beginners to more experienced competitive programmers. Another list is this spreadsheet, made by Mostafa Saad, and the link will be in the description. Most of the explanations videos are in Arabic, but the list of problems is still useful. In addition, contests are fun, and doing contests is also a form of practice. If you want to test out your skills, there are a few contests for beginners. The first few problems of LeetCode weekly contests, the first few problems of AtCoder beginner contests, and the first few problems of Codeforces division three rounds are ones that I would suggest for beginners. I will introduce more contests in CP in more depth in other videos. The last step is just doing constant practice by doing problems and contests. I'll go over this in more detail in another video, so you should definitely subscribe so you'll be notified as soon as that video comes out. Okay, so let's move on. Wait, what's this step? Making a YouTube channel to flex your skills... Just ignore this step, it's just stupid, who would ever do this? The first common mistake is relying on college courses. Although college courses such as MIT OpenCourseWare do contain good classes to learning algorithms from, the target of their courses is more for CS research than for CP. Problems that you practice in courses will not be the same as problems in CP. The second common mistake is reading too much. Although you do need to learn basic information for CP, CP is about problem-solving, and reading is not problem- solving. Reading is passive. When you read, your mind is waiting for the answer to appear in front of you, but you want to train your mind to be active and not passive. There's a 5% rule which states that for every 100 minutes you spend on CP less than 5 minutes of that should be reading, and this number only decreases as you start to learn most of the basic concepts. The third common mistake kind of goes along with the last common mistake, as if you read too much, you'll likely be learning techniques that are too advanced. If I just use the example of data structures, there are many powerful data structures out there, like hash maps and segments trees; however, those data structures should only be used when necessary. In coding interviews, the interviewers are probably looking for solutions that use simpler techniques. For CP in general, harder algorithms take more time to implement, make your program slower, and more complicated programs are more likely to fail. The rule is, if you can't solve most problems which require easier techniques, then don't bother learning the harder techniques. The last common mistake is comparing yourself with others. Sometimes, I receive complaints from people, like, "My friend started CP one month later than I did, but he's better than me, am I simply too dumb for this?". First of all, he may actually be practicing more than you are. Maybe he solves problems for 6 hours a day and you only do it for 3 hours a day. Well, some people will say "I'm sure my friend and I both solve problems for 3 hours a day!". Even if you are sure that you guys are doing the same amount of practice, maybe he doesn't listen in class or maybe he's antisocial and doesn't talk to anyone in class So anyway, he is thinking of how to solve problems during class and you aren't, so that's why he's better than you. Even if you say "I know my friend really well, I stalk him every day in every part of his life, and I'm sure that he doesn't do any extra form of practice like thinking of problems during class.". Maybe, he has five years of programming experience already, and you only have a few months, or maybe he used to do math contests, so his problem-solving skills will definitely be better than yours. The conclusion is, everyone will improve just at different rates. Comparing your progress and how much you practice with others is not productive. CP is like a marathon, not a sprint, so you might only see improvement after a year of working hard for several hours per day. Be sure to subscribe to my channel as I'll be posting more information about improving in competitive programming. You can also join my Discord server that I just started, and the link is in the description, where I'll post solutions to various contests and where you can discuss competitive programming in general with others. And that's it, thanks for watching!

  Top Comments:
  1. @problemcookers [1 likes]: Bro I have question for you:
I am 9 th grade and training for IMO for 8-9 months but wanna change for CP is it bad or good. Pls give guide
  2. @FactFlicker02 [1 likes]: I have a huge regret that this video should have popped at my first semester
  3. @jacet8080 [1 likes]: Where can I find the Discord server invite link 😭
  4. @thefarmer6541 [1 likes]: HANK!! HANK!! DONT ABRIVIATE COMPETITVE PROGRAMING!!
  5. @unexpectedly3601 [1 likes]: I'm currently in my second year of competitive programming and right now stuck in a plateau. I feel like I'm not improving at all even after a year of constant practice. I can even get stuck in 1000 ELO questions on code forces. I just don't know what to do, I feel really fucking dumb, and I'm on the verge of giving up.
  6. @andy6201: 6:10 eardrums blown in linear time good job
  7. @niranjanadvanture: Bro I  started competitive programming and inspire from you
  8. @The_Lazy: I’m prepping o IOI, how much advanced problems should I do per day?
  9. @Karanveer-q1w: I can confirm Touch typing is the best skill i have ever learnt! (my record: 142wpm monkeytype: k4karan)
  10. @TheFootballPlaya: that's awesome man. Thank you! I really appreciate the insight!
  11. @ZAMANALIZAMAN-n2q: https://youtu.be/BI24jdmMccg?si=oYvF_qDqz0gB3qDk
  12. @oneautumnleaf47: Bro, can you make an updated roadmap for this in 2025¿
  13. @moreflozz: stack overflow ahh dude
  14. @TANLIOS: hashmaps and binarytree is very popular in high school programming competitions in Vietnam:((((
  15. @Techn753: Hackerrank geekforgeek a20jladders
  16. @youssefelshahawy7623: ia the paid version of the handbook better or they both are the same ?
  17. @khalid9255: HackerRank now has a paywall
  18. @explosiong9506: Is your keyboard membrane or mechanical? my speed is 85wpm in membrane
  19. @nadidshananim5758: TBH.  I think this is the only video i got on youtube for the real roadmap of cp❤️ love you sir from Bangladesh 🇧🇩🇧🇩❤️
  20. @worncoding6361: The sad sound was verry funny. 😂😂

- I’ve Read 107 Novels That Open Like This. It Never Works.: Kind: captions Language: en Your opening pages might be the reason literary agents are rejecting your novel and readers are abandoning your story before it even gets going. That's why I talk about first pages more than any other topic on my channel. But I keep seeing writers make this same mistake over and over. Three of my subscribers were brave enough to send me the opening pages of their manuscripts. And what's wild is that they're writing in totally different genres for completely different age categories and yet all fall into this same trap. I'll start by reading all three manuscripts to you. And as I do, I want you to put on your editor cap and try to spot what the issue is. Then I'll reveal this mistake and give examples of how each writer could revise their manuscript to open the story much more effectively. You might catch what all of these manuscripts have in common pretty quickly, but understanding why it's a problem is the thing that most writers miss. Let's dive into manuscript one, which is contemporary ya. I think I've made a mistake. The thought comes out of nowhere as the plane dips through a wall of gray clouds. My stomach drops with it, twisting tighter the lower we go. For a second, everything feels suspended. We're hovering somewhere between leaving and arriving, while my mind is hovering between, "It seemed like a great idea when I booked it, and I should have just stayed home." The cabin shifts back to life. Seat belts click into place. Overhead bins creek open and shut. Passengers rush down the aisle one last time, and babies cry in uneven bursts as flight attendants move through the rows, collecting empty cups and crumpled wrappers from lunch. I fasten my seat belt and sink deeper into my seat, trying to steady my breathing. My chest tightens anyway. In less than an hour, I'll be in the city I only know from my grandfather's stories about old Chevy cars and half-lit cigars. The same one he left in hope of for a better life in New York all those years ago, over a thousand miles from home alone with nothing but a handful of Spanish words I picked up in a fluorescent lit classroom in Brooklyn and my grandfather before he died when I was 12. I'll be fine, I tell myself. It's just a language course. A month of sun, salsa dancing, Spanish lessons, and becoming a version of me who does things like this. But as the plane dips again deeper into the clouds, doubt settles in heavier than before. My hand clenched around my iPod. A few weeks ago, this seemed like a desperate escape from the glow of my laptop screen. I can still see the Facebook notification that brought my heart to a halt mid thump. Leo Richie is in a relationship with Sarah Miller. I spent 5 years being the girl he called at 2 a.m. The one who held his place in the cafeteria line. The one who listened to him play his guitar in his room while his parents fought in the other. I thought we were building something. Apparently, he didn't. Watching him look at Sarah the way he used to look at me before he realized I was just a friend felt like a slow motion car crash. I didn't think too hard when I saw the flyer for a summer Spanish language course in Havana pinned to the community center board. I signed up before the tears in my eyes could dry, fueled by my grandfather's stories and a bone deep exhaustion from playing the supportive best friend to the boy I was in love with since middle school. While my own life sat on the sidelines, I think a part of me knew that if I didn't put an ocean and a trade embargo between us, I'd eventually cave and confess my bottled up feelings in a dramatic outburst. The plane jolts slightly and a soft ding signals that we're getting closer. Okay, we learn a lot about the narrator in this opening scene. She's on her way to Havana to take a month-long Spanish course, which she enrolled in spontaneously after seeing that the best friend she's been in love with for years is in a new relationship. We also learn her late grandfather had ties to Havana and would tell her stories about it. She has a lot of internal conflict, which immediately helps us connect with her. But this opening isn't quite working, and I'll get to why. Now, let's read manuscript 2, which is contemporary middlegrade. Howard and Sasha were going on an adventure, or so their parents had told them last Tuesday when they'd announced the family holiday this year was to Welchmouth on Sea. Sasha thought it sounded suspiciously like being trapped in a car for 4 hours with her annoying little brother. We're going to the seaside. Sasha's mouth turned downwards. The sea was that salty pool you couldn't swim in without mom and dad there. Yep, we've got a whole week to look forward to. Howard looked a lot happier. Awesome. I'm going to build the biggest sand castle and it's going to have a moat and a drawbridge. and his mother and father gave each other a smile, the same slightly wobbly smile they've been giving each other for a while now. "I have it on good authority that there's an excellent fish and chip shop just next to the inn. And there's also spending money. You two will be completely sick of ice cream by the end. I guarantee it," said Dad. Sasha rolled her eyes. "But Dad, I wanted to see my friends. How am I supposed to have any fun at a boring old inn? You'll just have to make your own fun, miss. There are sand dunes to explore. There's rock pools at the beach when the tide's low. And there's an arcade in town if you get really bored. But you won't. Dad winked at the rear view mirror. Fine. She crossed her arms and huddled up on the backseat of the car, looking like a miniature storm cloud of thunderbolts and all. This writer has a nice handle on the family dynamics and middle-rade voice. Sasha is doubtful that this trip will be the adventure her parents are promising, while her brother Howard is much more excited for it. But again, this opening isn't doing what it needs to do. If you haven't spotted the pattern between manuscripts one and two yet, this third manuscript will make it all click. This one is adult contemporary romance. I wish I'd left yesterday, but five nights of restless sleep punctuated by bad dreams about the town of Augusta fogged my brain, distracted me from packing. My tour's at 11:00. As long as nothing bad happens on the road today, I'll make it on time. After the second cup of coffee, my heart pound in my fingertips with each step up the three flights to my apartment. I drag the last distended trash bag to the street. The handle of my old cast iron pan pierces the plastic and clanks down the last few steps like a bell at a railroad crossing. At the curb, the mountain of things I've discarded over the last few days narrows the downtown sidewalk, furniture, old medical textbooks, my tragically neglected plants that I hope someone more nurturing will take. Shadow and I scoot around it all. Trained for decisive action, I'm ready to go. But Shadow needs a little encouragement. After a few reassuring rakes through the fur at his neck, he scrambles into the passenger seat. As we pull away, a peach dawn glows on the horizon. The saying goes, "Red sky at dawn. Sailor be warned." Heading to Georgia, a peach sky seems right. An hour and a half later, on the two-lane highway, warm air whips around the interior of the car and over my skin like a frantic caress. Shadow sits at attention, panting in the passenger seat. "You're okay, Shadow." I pet his leg. He's not a head out the window, ears flapping sort. The car stresses him out. His stress mirrors mine. I've got to call my mother or she'll think I'm avoiding her, which I am. Evelyn, I haven't seen you in a while. A pulse blips along my nerves at the sound of my full name. You're about to see a lot more of me. I'm on my way to Augusta for work. This writer has a strong sense of voice, and like in the first manuscript, the narrator immediately expresses some regret and internal conflict. We sense something foreboating awaits her in Augusta, but we don't know what. Overall, we get much less detail on the situation at hand than in the other two manuscripts. But the writer dangles several interesting threads, her old medical textbooks, her upcoming tour, her actively avoiding her mother. And yet, this manuscript has the same problem the other two do. So, what is this mistake that all three novels make? And were you able to spot it? They all open with the protagonist on their way to where the story actually takes place, but nothing of substance is happening to them in the present moment. Manuscript 1 opens with the narrator on a plane descending into Havana. Manuscript 2 opens with a family in a car driving to a seaside town for vacation. And manuscript 3 opens with the narrator cleaning up at her apartment and then driving on the highway toward Augusta, Georgia. In all three cases, we're just watching the protagonist move from point A to point B, and the writer is using that uneventful travel time to provide backstory and exposition. But that's the fundamental problem with this approach. It just gives us setup instead of actually starting the protagonist's journey. Rarely are travel periods exciting in and of themselves. I'm about to get on a plane tomorrow morning and plan to sit there for 4 hours and watch Netflix. So, why would you open your novel with such a boring scene? When you open with a character in transit and they're just reflecting on their life, you're telling the reader, "I know the interesting part hasn't started yet, but just be patient while I catch you up." And I already know what some of you are going to say in the comments. Why are you so impatient? Why can't you just enjoy a few pages of setup? This other novel opens with a character in transit, and it's one of the greatest literary works of all time. Modern literature is terrible because of advice like yours. I get where you're coming from. I really do. But hear me out. I'm not saying you can never have a travel scene. I'm just trying to get you to think seriously about where your story actually begins. Because most writers don't take the time to think about why they're actually leaning on these types of scenes. When I'm editing early drafts of manuscripts, writers almost always start the novel earlier than they actually should. This doesn't only happen with travel scenes, by the way, but those are the most obvious. Another example is when we open with the character waking up, going through their morning routine. Then we see the playbyplay of their entire workday, all before the important action begins. Writers start with these slow scenes because it's typically how the story comes to them. They're trying to ground the reader in who the character is, what their normal life looks like, and what their primary concerns are. All of that is valid and important, but you can still establish who a character is and what they're grappling with in the midst of a charged moment where something consequential is happening. I promise if you do this right, your opening scene is going to be so much more dynamic, propulsive, and engaging. And that's how you pull a reader in from the very first page. So rather than starting your novel with your characters traveling somewhere, try dropping them at their destination on page one. Show them in that new location, facing a hostile welcome or an obstacle they weren't prepared for. You can almost always start your novel later than you think you can, and usually your story will be better for it. There are always exceptions, by the way. And opening with a travel scene does not automatically mean your first pages are bad. But if you're going to do that, something consequential needs to happen during the journey itself that warrants showing it on the page. For example, The Girl on the Train by Paula Hawkins opens with a transit scene done well. We see Rachel's daily commute and the observations she makes during it, but those observations are important because they're the engine of the entire plot. So, it makes sense to open with this. But for my subscribers novels, I think the travel scenes were just being used as background. So, let's talk about how these writers could revise to make for a stronger opening. And it's not as simple as just cutting the travel scene. By the way, if you want to submit your manuscript to me for critique in a future video, make sure to subscribe to my newsletter, Chapter Break, and join the premium tier. You'll receive weekly writing insights from me that I don't post anywhere on this channel, as well as exclusive interviews with literary agents and best-selling authors that are jam-packed with advice for new authors. Let's go back to manuscript one where we see the narrator reflecting on the events that led to her signing up for the Spanish language course in Havana. What if this writer instead opened with the protagonist encountering her very first problem on the ground in Havana? Maybe she can't hail a cab because she can't speak Spanish well enough, which ties back to her need for taking the course. Or maybe she's at the doorstep of her host family and realizes it's the wrong address. or maybe she arrives for her first Spanish lesson and realizes she doesn't have a textbook that everyone else does. That way, we'll see that she's overwhelmed and out of her element without the writer needing to tell us all of this upfront via exposition. And as we're hooked into the action of seeing the narrator navigate this problem, the writer can weave in the background about her secret love and her lateg grandandfather's stories. Now, manuscript 2 is a middle-grade book, but the same principle applies. Right now, the entire opening scene is essentially logistical exposition delivered via dialogue. The parents are explaining what the vacation will be. Sasha is expressing her doubts that it'll be any fun, and her brother Howard is expressing his excitement for it. My suggestion would be to skip the car ride entirely and open with the family arriving at the seaside town. Again, present that first problem they face on their vacation. Maybe the inn the parents booked isn't as it was advertised and that causes a fight between them. Or maybe the fish and chip shop that their dad wanted to go to is boarded up. That way, the adventure will truly start on page one, and that problem will actually give the writer fodder to showcase the family dynamics even more. How do each of them react to the problem? Finally, manuscript 3 has a strong mysterious atmosphere already, but I still think it would benefit from a later starting point. As written, nothing substantial is happening on the page physically. Evelyn drags trash bags from her apartment to the curb, then gets in the car and drives for an hour and a half. Anytime you have a substantial time jump like that on the first page, it may be a sign that you're taking us through a series of inconsequential scenes that we don't really need. These travel preparations do give us buildup, sure, but they're ultimately hurting the narrative momentum and pace. My suggestion is, you guessed it, to start the novel with her already in Augusta. We know she's going there for work, so what happens on her first day at the job? Or potentially she runs into a local who creeps her out. It seems like she's going to see her mother there, so maybe she could be brought into the first scene. That way, we'll get to see and experience all of the dread Evelyn is feeling about Augusta rather than just being told about it in theoretical terms. Figuring out where to open your novel is one of the hardest but most important decisions you'll make as a writer. If you want a professional developmental editor to help you figure out where your story actually starts, submit an inquiry through my website. I've built a team of best-in-class editors who have worked at the world's largest publishing houses and top literary agencies, and we'd love to help you strengthen your story. Opening with a character on the way somewhere is almost always a sign that you're waiting into your story gently instead of jumping right into it. So, I challenge you to look at your own first page and ask yourself honestly, is something consequential happening here, or is my character mostly just thinking and reflecting? If it's the second, open at a later point when the action really gets going and trust that your reader will catch up. Here's a risk-free way to try out a new opening strategy. Open a brand new blank document. Don't touch your original manuscript yet. Then, in the new file, write the scene where your character encounters their first real problem. Write it cold without rereading your old manuscript first. I bet you'll find that you're able to dive right into the heart of the story with ease. You may even find it's easier to weave in the expository and backstory details that the reader needs, and they likely need less setup material than you think they do. So, now that you know where to start your novel, you need to make sure you're not making the other major mistake I see in first pages. So, watch this video next where I reveal how to spot shallow POV and what it means for your manuscript using more examples from my subscribers. Thanks so much for watching and happy writing.

  Top Comments:
  1. @AlyssaMatesic [15 likes]: Want to submit your pages for a future video? Sign up for my newsletter 💌 https://www.chapter-break.com/
Want feedback on your entire manuscript? Work with my team of pro editors! ✍ https://www.alyssamatesic.com/inquire#inquire-2
  2. @User-wr5qz [2 likes]: As soon as you pointed out the mistakes I rushed to save the video 😅 ha!

I'd also like to add that you're so talented and professional! THANK YOU for sharing your knowledge
  3. @TheFauxhammer [2 likes]: Dude these comments are hilarious. People misconstruing what she’s saying and outing themselves as the kind of writers she’s calling out. Masterpiece
  4. @shoemakerspace [1 likes]: Deborah Chester (among others) talks of Scene and Sequel as structural elements; and these words have specific meanings different from common usage.

Scene is something actively changing, usually but not always something external. Action, conflict, challenge.

Sequel follows Scene (usually), and is where the character processes the results of Scene. It’s more internal. The character’s attitude, understanding, or plan changes as a consequence of Scene.

Usually the structure is simple: Scene-Sequel-Scene-Sequel-Scene-Sequel… But sometimes in fast-paced action, you may have Scene-Scene-Scene… as changes come to fast to process. Eventually you have multiple Sequels, or perhaps one large Sequel that reflects on multiple Scenes.

It sounds like the openings you describe jump straight to Sequel without a Scene. The characters reflect before anything has changed. Essentially they reflect on the past which we didn’t see.
  5. @AntoniusOhii [1 likes]: I get your point but it isn't nearly as bad as how chatgpt the first and third ones sounded
  6. @ninacroftchannel [1 likes]: As usual, you are EXTREMELY arrogant to say that something is WRONG, when the "something" has been done for centuries in all the classics, even those written by the US authors. It would be so much better to say that it's not recommended if you want to collaborate with US agents and publishers. But to say it's WRONG??? How arrogant and rude of you! For the record, there are millions of readers out there who enjoy these openings that you so blatantly call WRONG!
  7. @sparksdog [1 likes]: I'm going to be rather blunt, I don't think this is a problem. If it were so important, and an actually impactful flaw, nobody would know about Spirited Away, and I don't think anyone is quite ready to be quite that harsh to Hayao Miyazaki.

I didn't particularly care for any of these openings, but I honestly don't think it had anything to do with where they start the story, because a story is never, no matter the story, about just one location and nothing else. Even in a film like Iron Lung, a story where there is only one location for the entire film, it's not about only that one location, it's about the protagonist's history, his flaws, why he's in the iron lung, who or even what the people talking to him are, and what's down in the blood ocean with him.

The same goes for these stories, where a story takes place is by definition where the story starts, even if the major plot-points have yet to begin.

As I said, I didn't care much for any of these three opening pages, but not for the place the page starts the story at. I just don't care much for everything to be exposited to me by inner-monologue, it feels easy, it feels lazy, it feels like it lacks nuance and the confidence to tell the audience something with an action or a scene. I'm not one of those "show don't tell" cultists who thinks that any diversion from showing is automatically bad exposition, but I'm equally not one fond of what these pages and the millions of stories like them effectively are, which is "tell don't show", the exact opposite extreme.

Now, clearly most people are fine with that, otherwise stories like these wouldn't be all the rage and as much if a monetary monolith as they are in the traditional publishing industry...but that is for me the reason these pages don't work well.

Now, this style of POV can be done well, very well, I don't intend to argue that the style is impossible to write well, just that, like most of not all styles, it too has an inherent flaw; writing in first person, and even third person, with an emphasis on getting inside the character's head, always makes it really easy to tell more than show, and tell more than you should. Which is why I wish writers didn't automatically gravitate towards this style of POV by default.

Alright, rant over. Sorry.
  8. @steevedess3800: Dear Alyssa,
Your video let me we a very big Question : Is pixar story telling and chapter cuts unadpated for novels ? I wrote my first novel, 68000 words in french 10 month ago. I started following pixar method, and split my book in 23 chapters. The 3 first ones are dedicated to position the plot, the protagonist, the environment. The 4th is where the trouble begin. it's made like Nemo, Upside Down and all the great pixar's stories. Following your explainations, this stories would be bad in a book ? Is pixar method only made for movies ? I'm a little lost. I'm working on my first revision, you let me asking myself, should I remove my first 3 chapters ?
Thank you for your great work that push us to rething and challenge our work.
  9. @SwastikNayak-s8h: What is profit of writting novel if it has very low chance of becomeing scussesful
  10. @RM_VFX: Depends what you're writing.  A short story should probably open immediately before the inciting event. A lot of successful screenplays (Pixar, Spielberg films) open with the character's status quo or a preceding misadventure in mid-action, then an inciting event or call to action, followed by travel where we meet the important supporting characters and arrive at the main setting.  I like novels that start on a failure, a little backstory, the inciting event/call, travel, then a nice tour through the character's new world as we meet supporting characters and foreshadow the conflict.
  11. @jonathanmitchell9886: It's a very Hallmark Movie-style approach to opening a narrative, which may account for its overuse.
  12. @sonic31century1: Now that you have pointed out the ways novels that open with a travel scene can fail to interest, I have been really paying attention to these types of scenes in published novels.
  13. @johnculver6994: They are trying to give details but it comes off clunky.
  14. @cosmictreason2242: In other words, have plot! Have things being done, and introduce a problem/conflict. Don't start with a whole bunch of pondering about all the stuff you want to have matter but aren't patient enough to introduce naturally. Also don't forget "but then" and "therefore" instead of "and then" to make sure the things that happen matter
  15. @BellydancerMaliha: There is nothing that annoys me so much as a movie or book that opens with a car chase (or whatever, some high action scene) then the story says, “2 weeks before…” (or some other period of time). MY ABSOLUTE PET PEEVE. I know the writer is trying to grab my attention, but I’m not a toddler. I would rather care why this is happening than just get grabbed because something exciting is happening. I would rather experience the story chronologically and build to the action naturally, even if it means the opening is a little slow. And if a story does this going back in time thing, it had better be just as interesting and captivating as the inciting incident the story opened with.
  16. @BillyMangino: My personal gripe with all of these is that so may stories start the exact same way: Entering a new place. It feels so lazy. I love goosebumps but there's a reason every book starts with moving into a new house, starting at a new school, introduction to a new person. It's the most obvious starting point.
  17. @JosephB-tv7gf: The ancients knew all about the Bbbbbooorrriiinnnggg opening:
"Sic transit Gloria mundi"
or, Gloria threw up on the bus on Monday.
Nobody cares.
  18. @mario9133: What if inside a bus is where "your story begins?"
I was on my way to work, and it was inside the bus we first me. Wel...  When we first looked at each other.
What do I tell the reader.  "I was on the toilet with constipation and I had a premonition that on my day to work, today, inside the bus, I would meet the love of my life."???
What on earth are you talking about?  The story begins where it begins.  You don't have to by the book.  Leave it behind.
  19. @GageS-n9j: Cheapest developmental editor I have seen was $3K for a 90K word novel. No thank you.
  20. @EliasMann-c8t: This woman’s work is far too critical and very stifling. If you watch her videos and take it to heart, you’re going to rob yourself of so much creative freedom

- 10 Mistakes To Avoid On Zwift | Get The Most Out Of Indoor Training & Racing: Kind: captions Language: en i love zwift it's a fantastic way to have fun get fit and push yourself in many ways be that in races workouts or events i also love exploring all the different new routes and riding with people from all over the globe and for you to get the most out of your zwift experience i'm going to share some mistakes that i might have made on the platform in the past so you can avoid them first up stop pedaling on those descents if you have a long descent to tackle and you're in a group and you're looking for a little rest bite stop pedaling take a breather if a descent is over a 3 gradient and you're traveling over 58 kilometers per hour you will enter the super tuck yes it might be banned by the uci but it is still available on zwift keep an eye out for everybody around you but you should be able to stop pedaling and stay in the group and this often means that you will actually travel faster than if you're actually pedaling but be aware when you exit to the descent you will come out the super tuck so you need to be ready to start pedaling again [Applause] i have suffered from this one time and time again it feels cool enough to manage without a fan plus i'm too lazy to walk next door to actually get the fan big mistake next minute i'm halfway into my interval session and i am sweating buckets it is so easy to overheat on a static bike and it really does affect your performance get a fan use it and watch your zwift performances skyrocket [Music] just because you're riding indoors on an indoor trainer in the virtual world doesn't mean you shouldn't be eating and drinking hydration and nutrition is just as important on the indoor bike as it would be outdoors so make sure you've always got a bottle of water and some snacks if you are doing a long ride and if you are entering a race why not pop a caffeine gel for the extra gains big mistake you can make on zwift is not setting your power numbers right especially if you're trying out the platform's ready-made workouts set your ftp right otherwise you just won't be getting what you want from the session it'll either be far too easy or far too difficult and zwift will actually calculate the intensity for your workouts from your ftp number so get it wrong and you just won't be getting what you want from that session but don't worry if you have set your ftp wrong there is a plus minus 10 ftp adjuster that you can use and this is extremely helpful when your legs aren't feeling quite so good and you're having a bad day you can't quite reach your power numbers if you're unsure what your ftp is then you can take on one of zwift's ready-made ftp tests and once you've completed that test it will automatically update all your power numbers on zwift so your ftp is correct for the next workout you do there are so many worlds and routes to explore in swift so one big mistake would be not exploring all of these different worlds and routes there are actually nine different worlds available on zwift at the moment and the latest to be introduced is the mercury islands there are many elusive creatures in the world of zwift so keep your eyes peeled have you seen scotty the squirrel jarvis the bear ride up alto zwift and you might just see the yeti i've seen it myself once but i'm optimistic you just need to keep riding above the swift time and time again until you see him many times the great thing about meetups is that you can choose to ride in any world not just the three available when you log into zwift so if you have a favorite world why not create a meet-up so you can ride in it and even better zwift always working super hard in the background to create new routes like the mercury islands warming up properly is a crucial part of cycling and even more so on swift because the races they start really hard and you're straight into the red i've jumped on a few minutes before my race and regretted it massively without doing a proper warm-up so warm up there is actually a ready-made warm-up in the gcn zero to hero plan so if you are unsure on how to do a proper warm-up go check that one out don't underestimate equipment choice the bike wheels and helmet you choose will make a difference to your performance in the game so make sure to choose wisely if you're doing a hilly route for example get the lightweight wheels out on the light frame but if you're doing a fast crit get aero if you've managed to unlock the tron bike for example that is a 67 second saving over a 50-minute course when coupled with the disc wheel set whether you're racing or just trying to get one up on your mate know your power-ups they can make a big difference when used at the right time so here's a quick run through featherweight reduces your weight by 9.5 kilograms for 15 seconds draft boost gives you an increase of 50 on draft effect for 30 seconds aero boosts makes you more aerodynamic for 15 seconds cloaking makes you invisible to other riders for 10 seconds and the burrito makes you undraftable for 10 seconds that one makes me hungry too it's important to note that not all power-ups are available when you're just riding around on zwift some you will only see in races and events like the burrito cloaking steamroller and anvil so don't expect to see those when you're just riding around on zwift get to know your competitors get an idea of how they're feeling if they're on their hoods that means that they're in the draft behind you if they're standing up in the saddle that means that they are over the ftp numbers but most importantly if their numbers come up in orange on the side that means they're over eight watts per kilo so it's good to look at that to see if someone's going to attack or if they're suffering or both trainer difficulty makes a real difference to how certain clients feel on zwift you can actually adjust this by going into settings and then train the difficulty this is good to know so you can adapt your riding style to suit your preference so if you set the trainer difficulty to max you're gonna need a wider range of gears to get up the climb but if you set it quite low the climb won't quite feel as aggressive you will still have to use the same amount of energy to get up the climb so don't get confused essentially you'll be able to ride in a different gear but when you're racing i'd recommend putting the trainer difficulty to around 20 to 40 percent that way the climb won't feel as steep and you'll still be able to put some power out on the descent without spinning out try and enter the right category when racing or taking part in a group ride it'll make your experience a lot more fun and enjoyable there is nothing worse than suffering like a dog when you enter a race that is far too hard and it's not much fun when you can just ride away from the peloton without even trying and like i said before if you are unsure of your ftp get an ftp test done and last but not least the zwift companion app now the companion app is a free app to download on your phone and it basically turns your phone into remote control for zwift it allows you to have map views you can enter races and events you can follow your friends on zwift chat to your friends on zwift and most importantly you can see who you're going to be up against in the upcoming races it really does take your zwift and experience to another level not literally you have to ride for that so those are some mistakes to avoid when you're next riding on zwift have i missed any though if i have please let me know in the comments section below and if you did enjoy this video then please give it a big thumbs up

  Top Comments:
  1. @gcn [47 likes]: Have you made these mistakes? Are there any we missed? Let us know in the comments 👇
  2. @stevecooper3 [3 likes]: I couldn’t get into the Power ups, featherweight, draft boost, aero boost, cloaking etc as they are gimmicks that turned me off of Zwift.
  3. @FranklinMays [2 likes]: I’ve had Zwift for three weeks. This is so informative and helpful.
  4. @stanleyg3694 [2 likes]: Thanks - useful. But why is there a trend to talk to adults like they are children in these kinds of videos?
  5. @Orcy-m3g: @gen Yes im new and ive made everyone of these mistakes! :D and my back is sore as hell!. i have a merach bike just started and i did a 30 minute workout and now my back is really sore lol any tips? im 51 and overweight.
  6. @petradietzenbacher9901: I’ve 2 knee protheses, can I do a FTP? I tried but’s really difficult to ride more than 190 wat!
  7. @petradietzenbacher9901: Are there also FTP rides for elderly women?
  8. @GatorByteSnaps: Another mistake is riding without towel or two. Also wearing cycling gloves is even more important than in outdoor rides.
  9. @dewidavies7995: Zwift cycling Level 34, zwift running Level 4, cat D.  Second year from March 2024.😊
  10. @dewidavies7995: Which part of Wales are you from Welsh name wel/eng.  From carmarthenshire llanelli.
  11. @psulse: No getting out of the saddle when doing an FTP test
  12. @Optec: My mistake was riding for months without setting a challenge. If I'd had the Everest climbing challenge active from the start I'd have the Tron bike already 😢

You can only set challenges while in game on a ride in the menu on the bottom left.
  13. @dewidavies7995: Thanks love and light 😊
  14. @Stewibone: What kind of cradle are you using for your phone? Would like to buy that.
  15. @mondoabz: First mistake is watching anything from GCN.
  16. @Seba-or9bn: Mistake number 1: training indoor when you are that hot
  17. @MaFd0n: Bro what are these powerups .. just ride the bike
  18. @jason200912: How to cheat:
Table full of Gatorade on your left.
Fan aimed at your back at 45 degrees left and right.
Air conditioner 
Use an e bike to cheat the watts
For avatar you max out your sock length and pick one of the max flat speed bikes (madone, felt ar, uranium, specialized venge, cervelo s5 2020)
  19. @extrabirisi: heyy what is this?🤔🙄🤔🙄( https://www.youtube.com/@Kara.KAPLAN ) 🤔🙄🤔🙄
  20. @Chris53-e4x: She is so cute, I just lover her videos

- Statistical Tests: Choosing which statistical test to use: Kind: captions Language: en Choosing which statistical test to use. There are many different tests you can use in statistics. Sometimes it can be quite difficult to know which is the correct test to use. This video will talk about seven tests you are likely to use. involving means proportions and relationships. When you are trying to work out which is the most appropriate test there are three questions you should ask One. What level of measurement was used for the data we are analyzing. 2. How many samples do we have? 3. What is the purpose of our analysis? I will now explain each of these questions 1. Data or level of measurement Is our data nominal or interval/ratio? Nominal data is also called categorical, qualitative or nonparametric Examples of nominal data are color whether parts are defective or not, or preferred type of chocolate. Nominal summary values are usually stated as frequencies, proportions or percentages. The tests that involve nominal data are: Test for a proportion Difference of two proportions and chi-squared test for independence The other type of data is interval/ratio also called quantitative Examples of interval/ratio data are daily sales figures for choconutties weight of peanuts or temperature the most common summary value for interval/ratio data is a mean. Tests that involve interval/ratio data are: Test for a mean difference of two means - independent samples difference of two means - paired and regression analysis. For more help on levels of measurement see our video: "Types of data nominal, ordinal, interval/ratio" Ordinal data can be classified with nominal or interval/ratio depending on the circumstances. 2. Samples Next we ask how many samples are involved Is there one sample for which we are testing the relevant statistic against a hypothesized value or are there two samples which are being compared with each other or is the one sample but each observation has a measure or score for more than one variable? The same sample is measured twice. If we wish to compare a proportion or a mean against a given value, this will involve one sample. If we're comparing two different lots of people or things such as men and women or people from two different departments then we would have two samples. If we have two sets of information on the same people of things we would say we have one sample with two variables. An example is one set of days and information on how many choconutties are sold and what the temperature was. Or - one set of people and information on their gender and preferred type of chocolate. Finally we ask What is the purpose of the analysis? We can be testing against the hypothesized value comparing two statistics or looking for a relationship. Chi-squared test for independence and regression are similar in that they are looking at the relationship between two variables The difference between them is in the kind of data. If you would summarize the data in s table, we would use a chi-squared test fo independence whereas if you would put it on a scatter plot you would use regression analysis. Here iss an example for each of these tests. They relate back or out other videos teaching about hypothesis testing. After each description of the scenario pause the video and see if you can identify the correct test before we tell you the answer. Helen is still selling choconutties. Example one: sufficient nuts. Helen was concerned whether the quantity of nuts was sufficient in her choconutties. She took a sample of twenty packets and found the weight of nuts in each packet Pause the video 1. Data The weight was interval/ratio data. There was just one sample of twenty packets of choconutties. 3. Purpose. Helen was comparing against given value Thus, the test she needs to use is Test for a mean. Example Two Prize tickets In a promotional campaign twenty percent of all packs of choconutties should include tickets for free prizes. Helen takes a sample of fifty packets and finds that seven of them have winning tickets 1. Data: For each bar we are saying yes or no, only to be lumped whether or not there is a ticket. This is nominal data from which we get a sample proportion of seven out of fifty Or 0.14 Samples There is one sample of fifty packets Purpose. Helen is comparing the sample value against a given value: twenty percent We conclude that the test she needs to use is test for a proportion. Example three Bar longevity compared with nuttabars. Helen thinks her choconutties last longer than the competition, nuttabars. She gets 36 people to eat one of each, and records their eating times. Pause now 1. Data. Helen collects times taken in seconds so this is interval/ratio data. There is one sample of thirty-six people but with two scores for each person the time for the choconuttie and the time for the nuttabar. 3. Purpose She is looking at whether there iss a difference in the amount of time taken for each of the bars. Thus the test is difference of two means, paired sample. Example four Defective wrapping from two wrapping machines Helen thinks there is a difference in performance between the two wrapping machines in her factory. She checks 200 bars from one machine and 150 bars from the other. For each bar she is seeing if the wrapping is satisfactory or not She finds that ten out of two hundred bars from the first machine and nine out of 150 bars from the second machine are badly wrapped. Data. The information for each bar is OK or not ok This is nominal data. It has been summarized as frequencies. there are two independent one sample from each of the two machines Helen is comparing the proportions from the two samples We can see that the test is difference of two proportions. Example five Do stickers help sales? Helen is exploring whether having free stickers makes a difference to sales. She has the sales figures for thirteen days when she did offer free stickers and ten days when she did not. Pause and decide on the test Data. For each day Helen has a number or value corresponding to the sales for that day This is interval/ratio data It is summarized as a mean member of sales. There are two samples one sample for days with stickers and one sample for days without. Helen is comparing the average sales figures for the two treatments we conclude that the test to use is... Difference of two means independent Example six Are sales affected by temperature? Helen wants to see if there is a relationship between the daily temperature and sales of choconutties. She has data on sales and temperature for thirty weekdays of sales Pause! Data. Sales and temperature at both interval variables There is one sample of thirty days with two measures or scores for each day. Helen is interested in the relationship between sales and temperature This leads us to decide that the test is regression. Example seven Men and women and chocolate preference Helen is thinking of selling dark chocolate, milk chocolate and white chocolate choconutties. She thinks that men and women might have different preferences with regard to type. She collects data from fifty customers, noting down if they are men or women and asking them which variety they prefer. Pause the video and decide. Data. Helen records the type of chocolate and sex of person. These are both nominal variables. Samples. There is one sample of fifty customers but with two measures or variables. Helen is looking at whether there is a relationship Thus the test is chi-squared test for independence. Those are seven examples of the seven tests outlined here. There are numerous other statistical tests and other things may need to be considered, but this summary will help you to understand what these seven basic tests do and what to look for when deciding on which test to choose.

  Top Comments:
  1. @tusharmevada4204: Well explained for new researcher
  2. @Jaydeep.khaniya: Thank you, Dr Nic, your videos  are extremely helpful
  3. @himanshiupadhyay1085: Very helpful video
  4. @himanshiupadhyay1085: This video is very helpful for sure
  5. @tagaram2123: Good information.Thank you🙏🙏
  6. @PahalPandya23: Thank you for such an insightful and enriching session on, Statistical Tests: Choosing which statistical test to use.
  7. @nimishachaudhary8091: Good
  8. @heenaparmar-m9c: Thank you for video
  9. @jetharam9821: Good
  10. @ashishpatel8825: Thank you for sharing useful resources covering information regarding research and statistical tools
  11. @TrushitParmar-h7k: Thank You
  12. @muskansaini0220: Thank u for informative session
  13. @Venvannasiri-cb2vb: Thank you so much
  14. @ShubhanggiBhatt: Good information
  15. @kuldeepmatieda5283: Very helpful session
  16. @chaukhanhtam1929: Thank you so much for your useful information!
  17. @prof.vinitpatel5913: Very informative
  18. @rushirajpandya4812: Very informative
  19. @aeshakabrawala8392: Thank you.
  20. @ishikapatel8701: Thank you

- Sensitivity and Specificity simplified: Kind: captions Language: en Hello and welcome to this video where we will&nbsp; be taking a look at sensitivity and specificity.&nbsp; We’ll take a look at what they&nbsp; are, how they are calculated&nbsp;&nbsp; and two related measurements – positive&nbsp; and negative predictive values. Tests are important tools that can help us&nbsp; identify the presence or absence of a disease.&nbsp; But…they are not always perfect…. Sensitivity and specificity are&nbsp;&nbsp; measures that can be used to determine how&nbsp; good a test is at correctly identifying the&nbsp;&nbsp; presence or absence of disease. Let’s take a closer look…. Let’s use a table of the outcome&nbsp; of the test and disease status&nbsp;&nbsp; to learn about some of the terms that are used… There are people with a disease&nbsp; and those without the disease&nbsp; When we do a test on someone, it&nbsp; can be either positive or negative.&nbsp; If the test is positive, it should&nbsp; mean that the person has the disease.&nbsp; This is called a true positive It correctly identifies a person with the disease&nbsp; Similarly, if a test is negative, it should&nbsp; mean that a person does not have the disease.&nbsp; This is called a true negative.&nbsp; It correctly identifies a&nbsp; person without the disease However, because tests are not always perfect…. A test can be positive even though the&nbsp;&nbsp; person does not have the disease. This is called a false positive. This is not ideal because it could lead to further&nbsp; testing or treatment that is not necessary,&nbsp;&nbsp; negative psychological impacts and may&nbsp; come with an economic cost or added risk. On the other hand, a test can sometimes be&nbsp; negative even though the person has the disease.&nbsp; This is called a false negative. Again, this is not ideal because the&nbsp;&nbsp; test has not picked up the person&nbsp; despite them having the disease.&nbsp; This may lead to delays in diagnosing the&nbsp; disease and therefore delays in treatment&nbsp;&nbsp; which could lead to a negative health outcome. An incorrectly negative test may also lead to&nbsp;&nbsp; a false sense of security and the continuation&nbsp; of risky behaviors that may worsen the disease&nbsp;&nbsp; or even place others at risk, in&nbsp; the case of a communicable disease.&nbsp; Missing a diagnosis may also&nbsp; have legal consequences. Using these terms, we can calculate the&nbsp; sensitivity and specificity of the test.&nbsp; These are indicators of how good&nbsp; a test is and guides us on how to&nbsp;&nbsp; determine the appropriateness of&nbsp; a test and interpret its outcome. Sensitivity is the proportion of people&nbsp; with the disease who test positive for it.&nbsp; A high sensitivity means that the&nbsp; proportion of true positives is high,&nbsp;&nbsp; and the proportion of false negatives is low. Specificity on the other hand is&nbsp; the proportion of people without the&nbsp;&nbsp; disease who test negative for it. A high specificity means that the&nbsp;&nbsp; proportion of true negatives is high, and&nbsp; the proportion of false positives is low.&nbsp; Let’s work through an example…. Let’s say we have a group of 600 people.&nbsp; Let’s assume that 100 people have&nbsp; a disease and 500 people don’t.&nbsp; First, we’ll focus on the 100&nbsp; people who have the disease. Let’s say that we do a test&nbsp; on people with the disease.&nbsp; Now if the test was perfect, we&nbsp; would have 100 positive tests.&nbsp; However, let’s assume that the test is positive in&nbsp;&nbsp; only 90 people – in other words,&nbsp; there are 90 true positive cases.&nbsp; This leaves us with 10 people with the&nbsp; disease who have a negative test result.&nbsp; These are false negatives. We know that the sensitivity of the test&nbsp;&nbsp; is a proportion of people with the&nbsp; disease who test positive for it.&nbsp; Therefore, in this example, the&nbsp; sensitivity of the test is 0.9 or 90%. Now let’s do the test on the&nbsp; 500 people without the disease.&nbsp; Ideally, we will have 500 negative results. But let’s assume that the test was negative&nbsp;&nbsp; in only 400 people. These are true negatives.&nbsp; This would then mean that in 100 people&nbsp; without the disease, the test was positive.&nbsp; These are false positives. We know that the specificity of the test&nbsp;&nbsp; is the proportion of people without&nbsp; the disease who test negative for it&nbsp; So, in this example the specificity&nbsp; of the test is 0.8 or 80% And that’s how sensitivity and&nbsp; specificity are calculated. Tests with high sensitivity&nbsp; are good for screening tests&nbsp;&nbsp; because the proportion of false negatives is low. On the other hand, tests with high specificity&nbsp;&nbsp; are good for confirmatory rests because&nbsp; The perfect test, will have a sensitivity&nbsp; of 100% and a specificity of 100%.&nbsp; The closer a test’s sensitivity&nbsp; and specificity is to 100%,&nbsp;&nbsp; the better the test is in&nbsp; confirming or excluding the disease. Finally, let’s have a quick look at&nbsp; two related measurements - Positive&nbsp;&nbsp; Predictive Value and Negative Predictive Value.&nbsp; It uses the same information but looks&nbsp; at it from a testing point of view.&nbsp; Let’s use the same values that&nbsp; we used in our previous example…. There are 190 people who test positive&nbsp; and 410 people who test negative&nbsp; The Positive Predictive Value is the&nbsp; proportion of people with a positive test&nbsp;&nbsp; who actually have the disease. In this example,&nbsp;&nbsp; the positive predictive value is 47.4 %. The negative predictive value is the&nbsp;&nbsp; proportion of people with a negative&nbsp; test who do not have the disease.&nbsp; In this case, the negative&nbsp; predictive value is 97.6% Positive and Negative Predictive Values&nbsp; depend on the prevalence of disease,&nbsp;&nbsp; or in other words, how much&nbsp; disease there is in the population.&nbsp; In general, an increase in disease&nbsp; prevalence is associated with an&nbsp;&nbsp; increase in positive predictive value and&nbsp; a decrease in the negative predictive value And that’s an overview of&nbsp; sensitivity and specificity&nbsp;&nbsp; and a quick look at positive&nbsp;

  Top Comments:
  1. @ferdinandeugenio8201 [3 likes]: This is one of the best explanation of this topics. Simple, concise, and accurate. Importantly, relatable.
  2. @nathan6798 [1 likes]: 10/10, absolutely amazing! Straight to the point, very condensed, but digestible! The only thing I would add is maybe use cases. For example it's sometimes good to use a high sensitivity test with low specificity, because it's cheaper and fester, and therefore better for triage.
  3. @alidaywalker [1 likes]: Concise and excellent! Thanks.
  4. @irtazahassan5728: I am doing a research, but I couldn't understand what to do, This has helped me a lot.
  5. @sidneyyoung4596: This was an awesome video! The breakdown was phenomenal! Thank you
  6. @srishtisahnichmch8622: Thank you sir
  7. @Livelovelife-t5f: Thanks for simplifying these concepts 🙏
  8. @ancyj4812: ❤
  9. @OliviaSeParte: This helped me soo much thank you
  10. @Tharu-z5s: Great ❤
  11. @thiliniwijesinghe7739: wow this is amazing, and seeing someone from my country has made this, even more amazing! thank you!
  12. @WbambajeArietta: Thanks for this explaition
  13. @NatashaNewland: Thank you for sharing this video!
  14. @drsadiahealthdesk: 😢😢😢😢😢😢
  15. @yadagirimbbs1: Very well explained. Thank you🙏 sir😊❤
  16. @natalie4030: this video is amazing. I'm a pharmacy student and this is a topic i have trouble understanding. Thank you. This will be on replay for me LOL
  17. @truending: I really don’t understand. Someone had a negative ati-ccp test that has high specificity but low sensitivity. So what does this negative value mean? If specificity means the test can correctly identify those without the disease (true negatives), then she probably does not have rheumatoid arthritis. But that’s not the case, almost half of RA patients have initially normal anti CCP values. 

On the other hand, the test is not very sensitive, then it means it’s not able to identify those who have the disease (true positives), but then doctors say you have 99% RA if your anti CCP is positive. ???
  18. @peaks_ahead7697: Thank you ❤
  19. @vdeepikakumari4: Waaaoooo awesome 🎉
  20. @SamuelMumbere-f7p: thanks

- Model 3 Long Range vs Performance: Real World Efficiency & Acceleration Test: Kind: captions Language: en Hello friends today we'll be doing the most accurate real world test of the latest longrange model 3 and my own model 3 Performance we'll be measuring their efficiency at various speeds we'll measure accelerations we'll talk Comfort driving performance and we'll round it all up by doing a longer road trip if you're wondering if you should get the long range or the performance model then this review is definitely for you let's start by setting The Benchmark in the performance model by doing a 0 to 100 launch and see what time we get and that's it 3.2 seconds this was in the fastest Insane Mode by the way in standard mode it does it in 4.1 as you will see here in the long range it only has standard mode and I was able to do a 4.2 second run that's almost identical to the standard mode in my performance model I also have to say driving around in standard mode in both cars they seem incredible identical in their acceleration let's do a 100 to 200 run and see just how close they are to each other the performance model is on top and both measurements are done at the exact same place the last part is a bit uphill so you can probably subtract half a second from both times surprisingly it isn't really until after 150 when the difference starts to show between 80 and 150 they're nearly identical in performance just have a look once again they're really only separated by a few tenths of a second that's quite impressive to be honest for everyday driving you're not going to notice any less performance in the longrange model at least not when it comes to acceleration in terms of handling I have to admit that there's a noticeable difference the performance model just handles so much better I imagine it's due to the bigger Wheels as well as the upgraded suspension as someone that likes to drive a bit aggressively I'm really happy I went with the performance model that's not to say you can't drive aggressively through corners in the long range it's just not quite as planted on the road also when you were going through corners the seats could have a bit better side support as you're not really held firmly in place more on that later though I was originally going for an efficiency test driving at 150 however due to the weather conditions I had to abort unfortunately the fog kept getting denser and denser and I ultimately had to slow down as there was suddenly no more visibility as we wait for the fog to clear up let's take a quick look at the design difference differences between the two models the most obvious difference is of course the black carbon spoiler the 20-in wheels as well as the performance badge since my car is white the black accents are going to stand out much more than on the gray color however the only additional black accents are actually just the front lip on the front spoiler inside the car the rear seats are identical it's only the front seats that are different where the semi bucket seats of the performance model offer considerably better support in cornering having driven both cars 400 miles over the weekend I don't feel there's any significant difference in Comforts I certainly wouldn't have a preference if I were to go on a full day's Drive I must admit this is probably the part of the test I'm most excited about I know the long range is capable of delivering really good efficiency so I'm excited to see how much better than the performance model it is for this first part of our test will test the consumption at 90 kph when I did this exact test in the performance model our consumption was 146 WS per kilm so it will be interesting to see the difference 31 km later and we're ready with the result and it honestly did shock me a little for our efficiency test at 90 we just managed to get down to 137 WS per kilometer now of course that's a good result but but what's shocking to me is that my performance model is only around 5% worse that's really surprising I definitely would have expected a bigger difference considering this is the longrange version that is supposed to be an efficiency king or perhaps the performance model is actually just as efficient it's just the bigger wheels that make a difference I guess that kind of would make sense let's see if the difference at 110 is similar at 110 in my performance model I had an average consumption of 173 if we subtract 5% from that the long range should be around 164 W hours and just as if I had planned it the consumption in the long range is once again exactly 5% better than the performance model I have to say that is incredibly impressive for the performance model I really had expected differently let's quickly move forward to the test at 130 once again to compare my results in the performance model I managed to get 210 W hours which is actually quite an exponential increase in consumption from earlier I suppose that's due to the much higher wind resistance at these speeds this time we got 192 interestingly enough that's around an 8% difference so perhaps as we go faster the bigger the difference is going to be I suppose we'll find out in our last test at 150 now this is where things get really interesting in my performance model I had quite a high consumption at 257 and here in the long range there is now a whole 133% difference in consumption so I guess the faster you drive the more efficient the long range is going to be the final number for the long range is 228 against 257 in the performance quite a big difference this time very interesting now what better way to finish off this comparison than by doing a longer road trip in both of the cars in order to quickly differentiate between the two my performance model has red interior lighting and the long range is set to Green for this test we're going on on a 130 km road trip and we'll check the consumption figures at four different stages once at 32 then 60 115 and finally at 128 we'll keep our speed at 120 unless of course there's a lower speed limit but I think 120 makes for a good average that most people around the world can also relate to in mes hour that would be 75 by the way coming up at our first 32 km mark in the performance model we're at 166 hours per km not too bad but what's actually very surprising is that in the long range model we're nearly identical with 163 just 3 wat hours of difference crazy I guess I've always been impressed with the consumption of my performance model I just never knew how efficient it really was by a direct comparison it's really difficult to find some proper real world testing of electric cars most motor journalists go for a 10-minute Drive drive and then throw out a number based on that but it's really never anything usable speaking of numbers here's our status at 60 km in the model 3 Performance we're at 172 WS we're still at an almost identical measurement of 168 for the long range that's pretty incredible that both cars are that close to each other going by the consumption test from earlier there should at least be a 5% difference perhaps 120 is the magic number where they're identical iCal I guess we will have to see as we progress with our test at 115 km in we're at 187 for the performance and 173 for the long range it seems the Gap is now slowly building between the two since consumption went up considerably for both I suppose the terrain has been more elevated and perhaps that's why the performance is starting to get a little less efficient by comparison having reached the end of our journey the final figure is now 184 for the performance and I guess the Gap kept increasing as we're now at 169 for the long range these final figures would also be more in line with our testing from earlier I can't say why they were so close the first 60 km though we did however end up with a 9% difference overall I think that's probably a fair number to use as the average difference between the two so what did we learn from all this well I suppose the main takeaway is that the model 3 Performance is incredibly efficient much more than I thought by a direct compar Aron with the long range so which is the right one for you well I suppose that range and efficiency shouldn't be the primary metric as they are both nearly identical realistically you may get 40 km more range in the long range so it's not quite as exaggerated as the official stats would otherwise say what I think it comes down to is the styling and overall package of the performance model for me that alone was worth paying the premium but I think if you don't care that much about spoilers and wheels or ripping through corners then the long long range is probably the way to go I might even suggest the rear wheeel drive long range as not only is it plenty fast but you also save a nice chunk of money plus you'll definitely have a noticeable increase in range in that for now though I just want to thank you guys for watching drive safe out there and I'll see you in the next one

  Top Comments:
  1. @rleon8339 [2 likes]: Great job. I was on the fence between these two models and your brilliant video made my decision for me. Performance! I ordered it last week and cant wait. I am 63, retiring next year and love to drive in a "sportily" manner. Where I live in Texas, USA we have so many twisty and fun two lane roads with very little traffic. The car will be a blast. It's my form EV.
  2. @zerotonine807 [2 likes]: the real long range is only RWD. Not the AWD
  3. @racecrashrepeat [1 likes]: I own a m3LR and a M3P and out of the hole from a stand still or low speed the instant power punch is totally different in the m3P. The long range isn't close in performance at all. At Highway speed maybe closer Maybe both in also in standard mode but that's because both cars the current out of the batteries is set as the same..so it's not a comparison of ability. But on insane mode the difference is massive
  4. @noel.sk03: The LR AWD is not on full power, you can buy the acelleration boost, that adds noticable power.
  5. @cameronmacdonald992: Does no one realise this is an ai voiceover ? Still good though
  6. @tiborkiss9186: the battery is also degrading more in the performance, due to higher discharge. Example: 2019/12 long range awd, 195.000km, 86% ac charged: 86% SOH. 2020/02 Long range performance: 1 owner, 90% home charged to 70% SOC (from home solar system) 185.000 Km. 81%SOH.
  7. @vinnyd8108: 257Wh per mile is not high consumption!
  8. @Joda5212: I was travelling almost 300km 90% Highway 10% Public streets and had a few accelerations up to 185km/h with 155Wh/km. Excellent Car
  9. @DanielGepp: Very well done, thank you for the comparison. I was curious about this
  10. @DonLee1980: There is very little difference between the LR and the performance in terms of flat out performance.  I'd rather save the money, have better range, AND better ride comfort with the LR model
  11. @Finguz39: Very interesting stuff! I'd love to see a comparison with the Performance model on the 20 inch wheels and also on some 18 inch wheels ( obviously ones that will clear the brakes ) to see how much closer it can get to the Long Range.
  12. @paull3179: The long range is really more like short range based on my Model S long range experience.  In extreme winter weather it loses 3 times the kms driven with the car set in rated range and the ideal range setting is a joke fake number.  I do drive at high speeds.  To get decent range you would have to drive at 50 mph on the highway.
  13. @CGR-s8o: Not well done:  the aero caps should not have been removed on the Long Range. The difference would be noticeably higher.
  14. @TCPUDPATM: Which mode were you in while driving the performance during the tests? I wonder if the difference would be smaller with both in standard mode.
The high speed highway drive where the two cars were similar till 150kph - were both in standard mode?
  15. @pace_tracker: Thanks, I just did i my head the same comparison. So I ordered the LR as the price difference in Finland is 10t€. And Teslas winter wheel set is 4t€. I have the LR -22 .
  16. @rleon8339: Nice watch! GMT Master in Starbucks colors?
  17. @Humblegrump: I have a 90,000mile 3 performance. Over a 30 mile A1 drive at 70mph. Both a brand new 2025 model 3 perf got the same battery percentage drain as my 90,000 mile 2020m3p
So, essentially they both got 22.5 miles over 10% of usage
  18. @broodro0ster: Great video! I come from a Model 3 RWD and upgrade to the M3P 2025. I noticed my consumption is a lot higher on the M3P than on the RWD. I'm driving without the large aero caps in my Warp wheels. This weekend I was driving a steady 122kmh on autopilot and I was doing 220wh/km. You seem to do a lot better. Not sure if temps or wind was different. Or if the aero caps really make that big of a difference.
  19. @singular9: Here in the US we get a long range rear wheel drive option, which I have. I get about 190-200wh/mi at about 65-70mph. Or 125wh/km at 105-110kmh
  20. @v0ffka1: Made me make up my mind to get a performance one :)

- Choose the Test - Vaccine Effectiveness: Kind: captions Language: en in all of the wide world there are few diseases that men women and children face with Dread like statistici syndrome but good news a new vaccine has been developed for it and you are part of the team that is supposed to determine whether or not the vaccine is effective you are trying to design a study and determine which test you're going to use so in other words what you really doing is you're going to have some people who get the vaccine and find out what percentage of them end up getting statistician syndrome and what percentage of people who don't get the vaccine end up getting statistician syndrome hopefully there's a difference between the two hopefully there's a smaller percentage who get it who got the vaccine but we'll have to find out so we're looking to figure out which test to use we're going to ask ourselves the three questions question one is the data you're collecting quantitative or categorical so think about the data itself that you are collecting pause the video and when you're ready move on this data is categorical the data itself is did this person get the disease or did this person not get the disease you are eventually going to be counting that up and making a percentage out of it but the data itself is whether or not the person got a disease that is categorical data all right our next question is how many samples of data are you collecting so again think about what's going on in this situation determine how many samples there are pause the video and when you're ready move on in this case you have two samples of people you have your test group who gets the vaccine and your control group who gets a placebo or they don't get the vaccine probably they get a placebo this is a two sample situation now what is it that we're trying to do with this test what's the ultimate goal of the statistical test we're using in this study is it to compare data or is it to find a relationship between the sets of data again pause the video and when you've decided move on in this case we are trying to compare our two sets of data to see if the proportion of people in the test group who got the disease is lower than the proportion of people in the control group who got the disease we've answered those three questions we're ready to answer the big question what is the appropriate test to use pause the video and when you are ready go ahead and move forward in this case we are going to be using a two sample proportions test we're going to compare the proportion of the test group who got the disease to the proportion of the control group who got the disease

  Top Comments:
  1. @ismailabuk248 [2 likes]: sir, you are a lifesaver.i ve been struggling with the basic principle of how scientifically to choose stat. methods for medical research for a while now.thanx a lot

- 7 YouTube Editing Tips to Instantly Boost Retention: Kind: captions Language: en my business partner Maro and I have created videos with retention graphs like this which has led to views like this this and even this and today I'm going to show you these seven editing techniques that we use to make this happen consistently by the way I'll be using capcut to show you these techniques because it's free and they've also sponsored this video but you can use any editing software that you like starting with number one don't overedit for your audience a mistake I see a lot of creators make is that they think more editing equals better performance which simply isn't the case I've even made this mistake myself in the past just take a look at the YouTuber penguin zero the man just throws in a few Cuts in b-roll Transitions and still brings in a few million views per video or take a look at my buddy micaa who's brought in hundreds of thousands of views with very simple a-roll and stock footage the point I'm making is that editing is not the star of the show it's simply the supplement which means that you need to align your style of editing with your audience's preferences and also realize that the value of your content is way more important than the way you present it if you have a younger audience you'll likely need to add more Transitions and fancy editing gimmicks to drive retention but on the contrary if you have an older audience you probably won't need to employ this as much and doing it might even overwhelm your audience so again the level of editing that you're employing in your content really just depends on who you're making videos for and again you definitely don't want to overedit number two is to raise your graphs now everyone knows that intros are the most important part of your video to drive retention so you'll watch to do what's called frontloading your video which means that you'll first want to pay special attention and put more work into the first 30 seconds or so of your video we keep the pace of our videos pretty similar throughout the entire thing but definitely add more animations b-roll and so on if it makes sense for the audience in those first 30 seconds to really Drive retention and keep viewers for the rest of the video but you'll also want to take this a step further if you really want to increase your attention now when you've consistently published videos for a while you'll start to get more and more data on your audience and how long they watch your videos this will obviously depend on video length and also the age of your viewers for the most part so for example if you have a younger audience your average watch time might be in the range of like 3 minutes versus if you have an older audience it might go up to let's say 6 or 7 Minutes whatever this is you'll want to expand the effort that you put into the first 30 seconds of your video to Encompass the same amount as your average watch time so you're pleasing as many viewers as possible now Beyond just raising your graphs you'll also want to flatten them after the front load of your your video you obviously don't have to edit as much in the latter part of your video but you definitely don't want a huge drop in retention after those first let's say three or 4 minutes otherwise you'll see dips like this where people drop off of your video and kill your attention So to avoid this you're going to want to keep a consistent style and relatively consistent pacing to bridge viewers from the beginning of your video to the end of your video and bump up your retention number four is to keep the big transitions for the big moments in your video transitions are a super important part of the editing process but if you're going to throw in a huge whoosh or Zoom or whatever else then you're going to want to make sure you do it at the right time to keep retention High some creators I talk to think big transitions in their edits equal better retention but unfortunately they don't instead they really only work when you're doing something big changing scenes or really anything else that warrants that big transition versus otherwise where people get distracted you overedit and they click off for example take a look at this clip of Mr Beast you can see that he uses a big transition sequence when he's going to one of the biggest houses in the video the key here is that if you're going to use a big transition sequence it needs to be at the right time and in every other scenario you're probably just going to want to use jump Cuts so you're not again being distracting and over editing and losing viewers remember editing shouldn't steal the show it should really just be a supplement to the value of your video number five is to focus on sound design sound design is crucial for creating immersion in your video and that doesn't mean everything needs a sound but for example if an icon slides onto the screen you're going to want to have a SL sliding noise if money falls in the floor you're going to want to have a noise for the money and so on or if you're using actual footage in your video you can even artificially improve sounds to get the exact same effect for example let's take a look at this clip in the movie The Lord of the Rings Bilbo drops the ring here and in order to convey the idea that the ring is super heavy the sound design team behind the movie artificially enhanced the sound obviously don't overuse this for example if you have subtitles in your video you're not going to want to have a pop anytime a subtitle comes on screen because again it gets distracting you're over editing and you lose viewers but otherwise be tasteful with it include sounds when you can to immerse the audience in your video and I promise you your attention will Skyrocket and if you're using cap cut PC like I am right now cap cut even includes a whole library of free sound effects that you can use in your videos to achieve this effect now building off of just using sound effects Tastefully in your videos you're also going to want to purposefully use music as a tool to boost retention I suggest first having the volume quiet enough where you can actually hear your voice over for me this is like -5 to -25 DB below the voiceover volume but for you it could be different however on top of that you'll also want to change the music when big things happen in your video like when you go from the intro to the body of your video or when you move from a section to another section or a place to a different place just like you'd use transitions you're going to want to change music to bring viewers over to these big changes when I first started on YouTube I saw music as an afterthought and I would honestly just throw one one or two songs in a video after I was finished with everything else but I soon realized that it was killing my retention music is powerful so you definitely want to be purposeful and use it to bridge viewers over different sections of your video different moments settings whatever number six is to get creative with your edits for example you can play subtitles on your video as a supplement to whatever you're saying but also if you're going to do that don't make the same mistake I used to and make all your subtitles manually instead if you're using cap cut PC you can use cap Cuts built in autoc captions tool to automatically add subtitles in whatever style you want to your video to use it all you have to do is click a button and if you have an audio track in your timeline capcut PC will automatically create captions for you without you having to do a thing you can also use cap cut or any other video editing software to create motion tracking on objects add text overlays create trending effects and so much more to add just a spice of creativity to your video and cap cut is great because it makes this way easier all this does is keeps your edits interesting for your viewers and also makes you more unique and more likely to stick out to your viewers finally tip seven is to give your viewers a break definitely don't be afraid to give your viewers a break a lot of YouTubers hyper stimulate their viewers with side by-side or even overlapping voiceover tracks and cuts and eventually it just becomes way too much for a viewer to digest if they're getting information thrown at them like crazy so instead in between different sections of your video I'd recommend giving your viewers a little bit of breathing room and you'll notice that some public speakers even do this like for example Barack Obama here has breaks in the way he speaks we know the battle ahead will be long but always remember that no matter what this makes him appear more confident and it doesn't hurt him because his audience is engaged enough to a point where little pauses really just keep them listening as opposed to making them tune you out so definitely cut your voiceovers this way too and you'll have better retention instantly on your videos

  Top Comments:
  1. @ChrisPrince-e5b [54 likes]: these tips are super insightful! i'll use them while editing my vids in movavi
  2. @BusinessDuck-1 [29 likes]: Is no one going to talk about how he said 6 or 7 minutes.
  3. @MrThatGuy-tv [9 likes]: Key points:
* Tailor editing to your audience: Don't over-edit for an older audience who might find it overwhelming.

 * Front-load your video: Do extra work in the first 30 seconds with animations and B-roll to increase initial retention [01:30].

 * Use big transitions for big moments: Reserve significant transitions for major scene changes and use simple jump cuts otherwise [02:59].

 * Focus on sound design: Use sound effects to enhance the action and create an immersive experience [03:55].

 * Use music as a tool: Keep the music volume low (-15 to -25 dB below the voiceover) and use it to bridge different sections of the video [04:59].

 * Get creative with edits: Use tools like automatic captions, motion tracking, and text overlays to make your content unique and engaging [05:56].

 * Give viewers a break: Avoid over-stimulating the audience with constant cuts and overlapping voiceovers. Incorporating small pauses can make you appear more confident and help maintain engagement [06:49].
  4. @RobbieHarajly [5 likes]: 6 or 7 minutes
  5. @theliamhyland [1 likes]: 02:13 67 everyone
  6. @Samis_Stuf [1 likes]: This is such a good video! Nj 👏
  7. @cashbase723: 🎉
  8. @VoidRantYT: thanks bro
  9. @Crepsified: Bro my retention is the same as the intro but doesn’t even break 5K sometimes 😂 and ctr is 7 but ik i gotta work on that
  10. @adramoloch: Will you please make insights on how to grow a music project channel?
  11. @lemmecarry: i just began posting on youtube, the struggle is real 😅
  12. @junkbox_productions: My newest vid is actually having a stable impression click-through rate and is getting some good views! I've done all the steps except for editing so this video should help a lot. I got the thumbnails down, the titles, and the themes. Thank you for this tutorial🫡
  13. @LoreAndOrderOfficial: Amazing video brother. I learned a lot
  14. @ArtFlowCrafts: thanks you for share
  15. @mathonblackboard: I have a very similar retention graph on one of my youtube videos but the number of views I got over 3 years is only about 4K and the average retention is only about 3 mins while my video length is of 11mins length.
  16. @Keketin: Great vid. :)
  17. @DogeyDaGoldenDawg: i give up
  18. @AleksButtoniarz: thanks
  19. @Classtar: hii:face-fuchsia-tongue-out:
  20. @Reprie: I hope I can remember everything that was said in the video. And try to add it to my editing... it's rough to watch, to say the least.

- Public Speaking: How To Make An Audience Love You In 90 Seconds: Kind: captions Language: en This is Charlie from Charisma on Command and today I'm going to be giving you some presentation tips and tricks. Now, the guide that we are working off of today is actually the Toastmasters 2015 World Champion of Public Speaking. This does, though, apply to a presentation that you would give in any setting, whether it's in work, or elsewhere, because when you stand in front of a group of people, whether you're talking about macroeconomics, or the forecasted revenue, or you're telling a story, like this guy, you must captivate their attention first. And that's one of the things that we're going to focus on today. So let's get started. What? So, this is so huge. How does he start off this speech? There are two big things going on here. One, he starts with a prop, and sometimes I can feel hokey and you're like, "Well, how do I do that in a business setting?" The truth is, anything that is a physical object that people do not understand why you're doing it, whether you're holding some sort of piece of fruit as a metaphor, I've seen people do that, whatever it is, if you have a physical object, that helps to capture people's attention, and you're going to see that this is the most critical thing at the start of a speech. He does it in multiple ways, because when you get up there and start to speak in front of people, you have about 10 seconds to capture their attention and captivate them before they tune out completely, so you must do something interesting. Secondly, impeccable timing. This guy is so deliberate, so slow, he commands the stage. That's just something to look out for for the rest of this video. All of you think smoking kills? So, another quick thing, and I'm going to play this back, again, just so you can see it altogether. You need to get audience interaction absolutely within the first minute. You see a lot of speakers do this. It can feel hackneyed, but they ask people that, you know, "Show a hand, whose seen this before?" "Show a hand, who's heard of something." You must get the audience moving and speaking and responding to you if you want them to listen and to engage with what you are saying. He does it very cleverly by asking a provocative question. So, I'm just going to go back and play that all over again so we can see it together. So, now, they're interested, and hooked, and he can begin his-- he can begin to get into it. Let me tell you something. Do you know that there are many people dying from diabetes as three times as many people dying from smoking? Yet, if I pulled a Snicker bar, nobody will say anything. Again, two more great examples. He's dedicating, basically, the first minute of his speech to engaging with the audience, and he does that a number of ways we've covered, but, also, humor. He makes sure that there are jokes in that first minute. So he's got another belly laugh here, and then, that provocative question that he's asking you, "You think this? Well, guess what?" And, now, he's going to reveal something else. Do you know that the leading cause of lung cancer is not actually a cigarette. Prop again, captivates attention It's your DNA. You could smoke for years and nothing will ever happen to you. This whole war against smoking is just to restrict the farming of tobacco. Mr. _, _ and guests, I use these arguments even though I just made them up So, you see, this is kind of an abbreviated version of this talk. But, right now, we're going to go to the body of the talk. So that's how you need to and must. The first part of whatever your presentation you're giving, has to captivate attention. You've got humor. You've got provocative questions. You've got props; lots of ways to do that, but the first minute, do not get right into what you're saying. Don't tell them what you're going to talk about. Capture their attention. So, here, now we're more in the body of his speech, and the body of his presentation, and one thing that you're going to want to have, no matter how dry the subject that you're talking about, is stories, because, people, the human brain did not evolve to digest and connect with statistics, right? You can talk about global warming, or world hunger, and how many millions and billions, and hundreds of thousands, but the human brain is not persuaded by that. What is persuasive is individual anecdotes, and even though it's a logical fallacy, if you want to move people emotionally, you need to tell the stories of individuals, and this is what he does right here. Choice of word can make a difference between someone accepting or denying your message. You can have a very beautiful thing to say, but say it in the wrong words and it's gone. So, here, he makes his point, and now he's about to launch into a story. That's a great way, bounce back and forth between a general point demonstrating a story, or even start with demonstrating a story, what's the point? My friend, Nasser, he loved his father, idealized his father. He would do anything to make him happy. But his father was the kind of person who's not easy to impress, and year after year, Nasser tried, and his father was like, "Nyah." First year in college, Nasser got straight A's, and he thought to himself, "This is it. This will finally make my dad proud." He picked up the phone So notice this. This is very critical. When you are telling stories, again, even in dry enviroments, you have to realize that when you're in front of a group of people, you are performing, so you need to get out from behind the lectern. You need to move your body, but you also need to embody characters. If you can take people into the present tense of any story, any moment, that is going to be far more powerful than summarizing it. And if you can go beyond the present tense, and act it out, make it vivid and real play character, that is going to be something that people can connect with much more, and will ultimately be moved to act upon, because, really, when you get in front of people, your goal is not just to say some words, your goal is for them to walk away, having had something inside them change, so that they behave differently. And this is just a great example of how you can do that. So, see what he does here. He called his dad, "Dad, I got straight A's, are you proud? Please, tell me you're proud, father. "Yeah, listen, son, I have to call you back, I'm busy." So, you see, this is actually abbreviated in the end. I highly, highly recommend watching the whole thing. It's much to get. It's much better in its whole piece, but I wanted to pull out some of the most fascinating pieces. So, moving on, now, towards the end of the speech, he sort of wraps it up. What you want to do when you get to the end of any presentation. In the middle, you know, you'll have told your stories, your anecdotes. At the beginning, you'll have captured attention. It's the end when people are wide open from being sucked into your stories, from you hooking their attention, that you can drop whatever insight or nugget that you want them to take away, because if you captivate people with stories, the truth is, they're wide open to you telling them the moral, and this is kind of what he does here. Words have power. Words are power. Words could be your power. You can change a life, inspire a nation, and make this world a beautiful place. Isn't that what we all wanted? Isn't that why we are all in this world? Your mouth can spit venom or it can mend a broken soul. Ladies and gentlemen, let that be our goal. So, you see there, at the end, he goes back full circle with the prop. He pulls out the cigarette and crushes it at the end. This is something that is very, very, very popular. I personally find it a little bit cliche, in this case, but what a lot of people like to do is come full circle, or start with a metaphor, and then, come back to it at the end. Again, very, very popular thing. You don't need to force it as I felt is the case in this speech, but something that you can do. If you want to see more on this channel, go ahead and subscribe. And, of course, if there's anybody that you'd like to see me break down, any topics that you would like to see me do, feel free to go ahead and put those in the comments. I hope that you've liked this and I will see you on the next video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Massi-h8p [1 likes]: Bellissimo video consigliato a pieni voti da me e dalla mia prof
  2. @minute4809: You turned a confusing topic into something exciting!
  3. @dayrod2929: It would have been more powerful him actually lighting up the cigarrette to resemble that the cigarrette is STILL NOT the problem
  4. @wallyevents9947: Great hooks there 🎉😊
  5. @Apparul: "you must do something interesting before they tune out" i'm surprised that i only realized now that i've been doing this unconsciously, like doing something unexpected(bringing props, audience interaction etc) to capture the crowd's attention. No wonder they were so amused lol

Most students just follow the same rule of reading and explaining like they're just flipping a book and yes sometimes it can be good but is it something that other students would actually listen to? Lots of them are alseep before halfway.
  6. @thevladyslav_kl: The 90 second rule is genius because first impressions with your voice are formed even faster than that. Most speakers dont realize their opening energy sets the tone for the whole talk. One thing that helped me was using Creator Voice to record practice runs and get instant AI feedback on things like vocal energy, pace changes, and emotional range in those critical first moments. When you can actually measure your presence instead of guessing, every rep counts 10x more. Great breakdown as always
  7. @weishenforreal: This would be much better without the constant interruptions and explanations.
  8. @FjhfgjBxfajv: I can’t believe how much I learned in one video!
  9. @MickeyShahan-v2v: This is pure gold, seriously awesome!
  10. @isitbettertospeakortod1e: WHAT IS THIS
  11. @MarinaMeri-u6i: I got exactly what I needed here.
  12. @HoinsluJaoinrt: Very good explanation.
  13. @BaryEonna: Nicely put together video.
  14. @SheritaMcDuffieMcDuffie: The explanation was excellent.
  15. @SulaimanSani-q6h: Thanks for making this easy to follow.
  16. @mmarshftmitcheal: This was done very well.
  17. @XavierAnderwson: This was excellent content.
  18. @EjdbfvdbGgh: This was informative and useful.
  19. @RandolphE.Griffin: This helped me a lot.
  20. @Faham-x6e: One of the most helpful videos I’ve seen.

- The Secret to Great Public Speaking (No, It's Not Confidence) | Jess Ekstrom | TEDxSugar Creek Women: Kind: captions Language: en Transcriber: Ridhee Joshi Reviewer: Simin Kazemi As a kid, do you remember the absolute adrenaline rush of hearing the ice cream truck? (Laughter) I lived at the top of my neighborhood, so I took it as my civic duty to hop on my bike and alert the rest of the kids. Looking back on this experience, did I care how I looked frantically knocking on people’s doors during dinner time, drenched in sweat? No. Did I care how I sounded, shrieking, “The ice cream truck is coming! Smash your piggy banks. Grab your flavors!”? No. Why didn’t I care? Because I knew I had critical information, that they wanted to know. So public speaking wasn't about me. It was the information I had that I knew could serve them. With AI on the rise, to say lightly, public speaking and human-to-human connection is becoming increasingly important. Sure, you can go on ChatGPT to help craft an email to your boss asking for a raise. But what about when she calls you into her office to discuss? You can’t interrupt her mid-sentence and go to AI and be like, “Line?” Public speaking is becoming increasingly more important, whether it is giving a presentation to your peers, talking to your spouse, or working up the courage to call your favorite restaurant for takeout because they’re not on Uber Eats. Public speaking is the fuse that brings us all together. It’s also the gateway to opportunity, the first step in a multi-million dollar deal, or a partner saying yes to a proposal or landing your dream opportunity. Was someone out there who knew how to deliver what they wanted to say. So why do people fear public speaking more than they fear sharks, spiders and heights? Or, as Jerry Seinfeld says, “Most people would rather be in the casket than giving the eulogy at the funeral.” Because public speaking is one of the most vulnerable, exposed human experiences. Personally, I blame school spelling bees or performances where we felt like we couldn’t miss a letter that we had to deliver every line perfectly. But the standard of perfection puts our nerves into a pressure cooker. And so we've been told to combat our nerves, especially as women, to just speak up, stand tall, or my favorite one, take up space! But what this kind of advice does is it shifts the attention back onto ourselves, which is ineffective. Great speakers believe they are delivering great information, whether it is about an ice cream truck or about something that will increase your lifespan. But the other thing that we get wrong is we believe that in order to be a great public speaker, you have to be the center of attention. You have to be the loudest one in the room with the most boisterous personality, or you have to have the super dramatic story about how you single handedly saved a species on the verge of extinction or how you climbed Mount Everest blindfolded. So it makes us believe that inherently, extroverts are great speakers and introverts aren’t. But I deeply identify as an introvert. And here I am, standing on this stage talking to you. So let me tell you my experience. I've made a career out of public speaking. Both speaking at companies and conferences all over the world. Or teaching it to women through my company. But like anything you eventually become decent at, you have to flop before you can fly. And boy, did I flop. Because, you see, I thought that public speaking was about convincing people that you deserved to be there, that you deserved to be worthy of their attention. And so anytime I would get in front of people, I would just, like, fire hose my resume or accolades or press or name drop someone that I was in the room with for like more than two seconds, because that’s what I thought that public speaking was, was about showing them that I was important. And as you might guess, it wasn’t landing. And so what did I do? I started to study other speakers, and I was like, why am I seeing speakers lose their train of thought on stage or stumble over a word and still get standing ovations. Or why did I trip, going up to the stage for the whole audience to see my Spanx. And I still had women wanting to talk to me afterwards. Because being relatable doesn't make you unreliable. It makes you a great speaker that is wired for connection. The pressure to be impressive creates fear within ourselves, lack of authenticity in our delivery, and drives a wedge between the speaker and the listener. I mean, let's be honest, we've all been sitting across the table from someone who is 45 minutes into their monologue, hasn't asked us a single question yet. Our coffee is empty, and we are knee deep into hearing every detail of the story about how they actually had the idea for Uber first. If only their college roommate didn’t steal their whiteboard, you know? Public speaking isn’t about showing that you’re important. It’s about proving to your audience or your listener that they are important, which brings me to my secret: If you want to be a great public speaker, ask yourself one question, where are you shining your light? I have determined there are two types of public speakers. You have a spotlight speaker and you have a lighthouse speaker. A spotlight speaker: The light is shining on you. You are concerned with public perception. You are asking yourselves, how do I look? How do I sound? Does everyone like me? And it's not your fault because that’s what we’ve been conditioned to believe that public speaking is being in the spotlight. But a lighthouse speaker shifts the light from themselves to their listener. If a spotlight asks, what does everyone think of me. Then a lighthouse asks, what does everyone need of me? When you're a lighthouse speaker, not only you're going to be more impactful, you're not going to get as nervous because it's not about achieving perfection. It's about helping someone arrive at a solution. We would all rather be guided by a lighthouse than a spotlight, which proves that likeability as a speaker doesn’t come from being perfect, it doesn’t come from projecting some sort of forced confidence, it comes from when you have a clear understanding of what your listener needs, and a rooted belief in what you know that can help. So if you want to be a great public speaker before you speak, ask yourself one question: Where are you shining your light? Thank you. (Applause)

  Top Comments:
  1. @nandini.ghoosh [6 likes]: this genuinely changed the way i think about public speaking be a lighthouse, not a spotlight hit hard 👏🔥
  2. @akseah7024 [1 likes]: I have 3 suggestions from personal experience. 1) Yes, I fully agree with the key message from this video: that one must have information of interest to share with one's audience. 2) One must do one's homework: in organizing the contents and be well prepared. 3) Deliver the info in slower pace, and always begin first with a broad overview. This is so as to allow one's audience to be comfortable and "feel at home"
  3. @radiantrenee406: One day Im going to be at this level of public speaking. Thank you. This is inspiring. Im a lighthouse now mom!
  4. @chrisnaambriapurnaputra: wow i never about it even tough my brain agree with it
  5. @prasperiity: Wow this is good!!!
  6. @Gizziebird: Bravo! Where are you shining your light…I will never forget this piece of advice! Spotlight vs Lighthouse speaker…brilliant ❤
  7. @Ademitosewa: I wanna be a lighthouse speaker and I'll shine my light on others.

Thank you for this amazing speech.

Thank you, BGYCC
  8. @Courtney-q9d: Jess lawless beautiful❤
  9. @GenesisTorres-pp3qe: Shifting the focus from yourself to your audience and message. Not being the spotlight but being the lighthouse hit so well as I connected it with the greatest commandments. Love the lord your God with all your heart, mind and soul. Love your neighbor as yourself. Jesus did not come to be served but to serve others. The few communication videos I see they all mentioned this focus shift and it’s such a powerful point. It starts in the mind and being grounded in Gods truth is life sustaining. 🙏
  10. @HedoTunmise-ir2xl: From a small room to the world 🌍. Weldone Sissy ❣️🇳🇬
  11. @kehindeajayi2493: This is so good. Thanks Jess!
  12. @MelissaForsShackelford: This lesson goes beyond public speaking!
  13. @breitfart5285: Ironically I think the spotlight speaker is why Ted talks have kinda gone the way they have… more focused on vibe and identity than substance. This talk was very perceptive and helpful!
  14. @JoyceOnwuamaegbu: I have my defense a day from now I'm kinda nervous because I always tend to trembly or stumbling my words while speaking.
  15. @corporate_barddie: Thank you ❤
  16. @lil1768-l6r: I WISH EVERYONE GREAT PERSON BECOMES SUCESSFUL, BELIEVE IN YOURSELF BUDDY
  17. @JulietHanlon: Personally, don't fear it one, just wanna' be ace at it.  THANK YOU FOR THIS INVALUABLE WISDOM Jess. Juliet
  18. @BetschmanCaley: Great questions and thoughtful answers!
  19. @OpalKittie: I loved your story about the ice cream truck and how you didn’t care what you looked or sounded like because you knew you had information people needed. It helped me see that public speaking isn’t about being perfect, it’s about sharing something important that can help others. That idea makes speaking feel less scary and more like a way to serve people.
  20. @dinasf3718: ❤❤❤

- How To Analyse Facebook Ads The RIGHT Way: Kind: captions Language: en I've generated more than $200 million in sales directly from Facebook and Instagram ads for our clients over the past 9 years and during that time my team and I have worked out the best way to analyze Facebook ads data to significantly improve results and in this video I'm going to show you exactly how we do it okay so let me start by showing you the metrics that we actually track what data points do we look at what matters what doesn't matter and and we will go from there so I'm in ads manager I'm in one of our Facebook ad accounts that we actually use to retarget for our own products and services this campaign specifically that we're talking about is for our Facebook ads Mastery product I'll explain more about that um in a little bit um we're going to use this as the example campaign to show you the data points um that we use and how we make decisions around analyzing campaigns that are live ads that are live and then optimizing working out uh what to do and how to improve results which is a hugely important part of Facebook ads you very much cannot get the best results from just creating a Facebook ad campaign throwing it out there and hoping the results are great you absolutely need to be digging into the data and improving things that's what I'm going to show you how to do okay so let me start by going through the columns that we actually take a look at and we've got um like a customized column preset uh here to have all the data that we like to look at um when we're going through and actively managing campaigns okay so First Column obviously other than the the name itself of the campaign the adset or ad we've got delivery um and then we've got actions actions is sort of a shortcut within the column section referring to the new opportunity score feature um so it's showing here that there are three plus available points that we could uh optimize uh within this ad set to to get better results if you want to know more about opportunity score that's not what this video is about I'll include a link in the video description to another video that shows you all the details around this new feature it's really good by the way I recommend you do it but you do want there you do want an actions column in there now that it's available because it reminds you and shows you oh there are some optimization actions that we may or may not want to take um available that meta is recommending then we've got budget you can see here it just says using campaign budget this campaign has got one adset so it really doesn't make any difference whether you're using CBO or AO whether you're setting the budget at the campaign level adset level a lot of people will tell you differently and it does matter but if you got one adset it just doesn't make any difference uh but we got budget in there cuz that's useful and then we've got amount spent um so we spent over just over £2,000 on this campaign it's been running for you know we've got the time frame set to maximum I think this has been running for 60 days something along those lines the next column is purchases now with this campaign that is what we are optimizing for we're are trying to get purchases for our Facebook ads Mastery product um but I should say that this column here doesn't always want to purchases this wants to be whatever conversion event it is that you are optimizing for after amount spent so if you're optimizing for leads put leads in here if you're optimizing for complete registrations put that in there instead okay but we've got purchases because that's what we're optimizing for here then we've got cost per purchase very useful metric to be able to see cost for purchase and when I get to the next stage and we start looking at various different components and comparing them that is one of the most important metrics possible after that we've got purchase conversion value now for some reason this isn't feeding through it was feeding through when I literally did the prep for this video it's not feeding through now and I thought about using a different example but I actually thought this was an interesting thing for me to mention because um ad manager is buggy and these things do happen I think it's quite useful for you guys going through this to be like oh every now and then that happens to me so this had purchase conversion value data there um it doesn't now but you don't really need it for the purpose of this video what I want to to just leave it in there to demonstrate that this happens but also explain what's going on here right so um the conversion value on the Facebook Master product is £97 per month right so in terms of you could get a sense for for what that's going to look like in terms of what we're paying you know would we pay £23 cost per purchase to acquire a customer that's worth £97 per month uh absolutely that's a that's a fantastic R uh when you factor in lifetime value um but yeah you want your purch conversion value in there if you are optimizing for purchases if you're optimizing for leads something else it's not really going to apply and then we've got purchase return anouncement so basically what's your row ass um and again again because this number isn't feeding through it's not creating a rows calculation uh to be fair when you've got a product like this that bills monthly the rows calculation that you see within your Facebook ad account is not going to be that accurate because it might just include the first transaction so let's say 97 on average with a 23 cost per purchase we're looking at about 4X RS but that's only on the first transaction right we know that our actual return on ad spend is way better than that you're probably looking at more like 20 xros um cuz people are going to stick around for uh a number of months uh we don't exactly know how many because Facebook as Master product is pretty new so we haven't had it live for a year or two years to see if people will stick around that long yet then we've got reach Impressions and frequency and I like to put these three together because they tell a story um of of how the ad adet or campaign um is performing so reach is simply the amount of accounts the amount of different people that your ads have been put in front of we've got 35,000 there Impressions is how many times an ad was put in front of someone so you can see how there's a difference there and then you calculate the frequency by dividing Impressions by reach and that gives a frequency of 10.43 now that means that of the people that have seen ads within this ad set um they've seen an ad just over 10 times which might seem like a really high amount but this is a retargeting campaign a retargeting ad set for one of our offers we know the people in this audience are very much engaged with my stuff they most of them will have watched uh my content for a long time so we can get away with a higher frequency in general if you're operating to cold audio is I don't like to see a frequency above 2.5 which obviously much lower than that that's to cold audiences um if you're advertising to warm audiences you can usually get away with significantly higher frequencies than that but most businesses you don't really want to go above say a six to an eight that sort of range um but there are cases like with me where we can go up to a 12 we've been up to 16 frequency before and that's absolutely fine and and as we go through this and I will talk about frequency metrics that is a secondary metric that is not one of the things we will optimize for first we will optimize for that after we factored in other metrics that we'll uh that we'll go through but it's really important to keep an ey eye on frequency because if you do see an ad perform really well and then it starts to drop off and that coincides with the frequency going up okay you've probably got ad fatigue you need to introduce new creatives and there's things you can do to go about um tackling that okay then we've got cpms that's cost per thousand Impressions now this is the metric that's typically used to describe how expensive it is to advertise so we're paying a uh CPM of £73 which is really very good part of that is because we've got engaging ad creative in there unsurprisingly we know how to do that um and also it's to my warm audience so people are interested in my stuff um most businesses nowadays particularly advertising in the countries we're advertising in UK US Etc are going to see higher cpms than that cpms is again a secondary metric and I'm get I'm going to break down these more in a minute and how we might um interpret the data and apply it to campaigns but it is not something that you want to be stressed about or optimed in for it's more a metric of how expensive is Facebook and Instagram advertising over time how is the CPM changed over time and also how expensive is my industry certain industries is going to cost way more than others if you're advertising something in the the health and fitness space it's usually going to cost a lot less in terms of CPM than if you're advertising something that's B2B for example okay but we we'll dig into that a little bit more in a bit then we've got hook rate now hook rate is a custom metrics this is one that we've actually created and when I go into I'll show you how to set up your columns in a second I'll talk about cust metrics so the hook rate if I hover over it we'll be able to see what this is It's 3 second video plays divided by um the number of Impressions and then expressed as as a percentage so basically what percentage of people that saw our ad made it past 3 seconds watch 3 seconds of the video um effectively they were hooked uh now an 8.38 across the ad set is decent in my mind anything above a 10 is is really quite good anything below a five is is quite poor so that's sort of typically what you're working with you will see massive variation and there's all sorts of um variance between Industries and things along those lines again B2B like what we're advertising 10 to be on the Lower Side other things tend to be be significantly higher I do like to have a look at video average play time uh that is not a custom metric that's one that's preset from meta and that is useful you do need to factor in the length of the video because you might think oh 2 seconds is terrible but in a lot of cases here we're advertising very short videos so it's like well actually if you think about it it's kind of Okay and like if you're having a really long video you would expect to see just longer average view time cuz some people are going to make it all the way through and that's really going to lift your average um so that's actually not such a useful metric for this campaign specifically but sometimes it is very useful for like take a look at things then we've got link clicks now it's really important that we've got link Clicks in there and you can get more specific with outbound link clicks or unique link clicks um I'm quite happy with link clicks um but what you don't want to be analyzing is clicks there's a difference between link clicks and clicks link clicks is clicks on the link that the that the ad is taking people to they they took the action that you most likely want them to take um clicks is going to include any click on the ad so if someone unmutes it if it's a video ad that's going to count as a click if someone clicks to see more button on Facebook in order to be able to see all of the primary text that's going to count as a click and these are things that you don't really want to be uh monitoring or optimizing for so we've got link clicks there to see how many people have actually clicked through to where we want to send them I always like to stick landing page views next to that to see the discrepancy rate between link clicks and landing page views um so you know we're looking at what 3,100 versus 2,300 20% maybe slightly more discrepancy between the two that's fine sometimes you'll see more than a 50% drop off between link clicks and landing page views and just explain the difference between the two link click is someone that actually clicked on a link landing pages they waited until the landing page loaded up um so if you do see a big discrepancy there there are all sorts of things you can read into that like is our landing page too slow to load are we getting a lot of accidental clicks which might be because you're running a traffic campaign and ads are showing on the Audience Network these are things that you can fix and knowing this sort of data is very useful then we've got CPC cost per click um sort of the the base metric of all digital marketing digital advertising has become far less important as the platforms have got more sophisticated but it's still a useful metric no again when you're entering in CPC make sure you get the cost per link click not the cost per click and then the same applies to click-through rate um you need to get the link click-through rate not the click-through rate because I have I get questions people all the time being like I've got a 4% click rate is that great I'm like well that's fantastic but it won't be link clicks that could include if you're running a carousel ad that could include people moving between it includes all sorts of uh various clicks uh and in general for link clickr rate anything above 1% is considered really quite good um 8.86 here is okay anything below say a 7.65 is is is normally pretty poor um so yeah so that those are the the data points that we are tracking and I'll show you how they Stack Up um in a minute the way by the way you can put together the exact same columns as I've got here and and so you have the exact same data that' be useful for you is you just come in here on columns and you can see I've got this called best column setup um which is uh what we're using as a default but there are like set what presets that you can use that met have put together performance engagement Etc I'd recommend creating your own what you do is you just come down you click on customize columns and then you can literally go through and you we've got 90 in here you can go in delete columns you can search for them uh on the left hand side you can just search at the top and and add those in or you can do this you can create a custom metric so remember how I mentioned that the hook rate was a custom metric so we're dividing 3 second video views by Impressions you can come up with all sorts of ones and get really sophisticated and there are case studies where we will do that because certain businesses need different things and we will look to implement this sort of thing so you can just go ahead and have a little play about with that but that very much is um an optional extra now in a second I'm going to show you how we use this data uh to make optimization decisions and improve results before I do that I want to quickly let you know a little bit more about Facebook ads Mastery the the example campaign that we're that we're talking about here so the Facebook ads Mastery product is my new course with community so it's brand new course material neverbe seen stuff that's not available um on YouTube or or anywhere else that me and my team have put together we're literally using it to to train on new staff we're we're very happy with the quality of the content and and think it's uh really good stuff I think you find it very valuable and the people who've been through so far have given us great feedback about it uh but it also comes with with a full community so we're using School we've got over 700 members in there already fantastic place where you could connect with like-minded Facebook advertisers Instagram advertisers business owners trying to do things me and my team are in there all the time answering questions we do live calls we do live trainings live q&as um there's all sorts of stuff so if you're interested there is a link in the description you can click on that hopefully I will see you on the inside with that said let's get back to the video okay so all the data that we've gathered here it does have its place that's why we're bothering to to track these metrics in the first place right but in the first instance so so for for the most part the two that I want you to base most of your optimization decisions around is either your cost per conversion or your return on ad spend and which one you use depends on your business so if you are optimizing for purchases and you have the return on ad spend data we would be basing our decisions around return on ad spend so if we've got one ad that's producing a 4X return on ad spend and another ad that's producing a 3X return on ad spend the 4X return ad SP ad is the one that we're going to want to put more budget behind we might turn off the one that's got a 3X return on ad Bend and that is irrespective of if the 3x Rell on ad spend ad has a better click-through rate or a better cost per click like the those are secondary metrics that don't matter anywhere near as much we want to optimize for return on ad spend the most important thing or if you're not optimizing for purchases and you're optimizing for say leads or complete registration or something like that um then you want to optimize for your cost per result there you know the best cost per lead the best cost per complete registration if that's as far down the sales funnel as you can accurately track those things matter the most when it comes to comparing various elements and a huge part of optimizing Facebook ad campaigns is just literally taking a look at the various elements you've created and going this is performing better than this I'm going to turn off this and I'm going to learn from this one and I'm going to create ads or ad sets to some extent that are similar to this one to test again and see if I can beat this one and get better performance over time that's a huge part of analyzing data optimizing and it's very simple very uh very sort of top level but there does a point where you want to dig into the metrics a little bit more and take a look at the secondary metrics and the reason why is to understand why so you know I said we're going to decide between add a and add B based on return on ad spend or cost per conversion but let's say one does have a 4X return on ad spend and one has a 3X Turnal ad spend uh we want to know why this one has a 4X Turnal ad spend so that we can uh make ads that are more like it we can work out what's worked and what doesn't and use that information to improve results over time now what we look at here Will depend on the business it will depend on the typee of ads we're running so I'm going to run through some examples that I've prepared of of the sort of logic that we might use um and examples of data so that you can understand how we would improve things and things like that okay so let's start with hook rate now in this campaign we're running video ads hook rate remember is the number of the percentage of people that watched at least three seconds of the video so how well were they hooked in the first place only really applies um to video ads So within this ad set we ran ads that were videos and hook rate might be one of the things that we look at to try and work out why are some ads performing better or worse than other so let's go ahead and and click in and we can see the various six ads we can see the data on what was spent purchases generated cost for purchase all that if we scroll over uh we get to hook rate we can see some big differences so firstly with hook rate just discount these two ads here with the really low hook rates they're both carousels um so it's not going to it's not comparing apples for apples in comparison to the other three that we have data for that are all ads and we can see here that we've got quite significantly different hook rates we've got a 10.6 hook rate 13.6 and 16.2 now this is going to vary massively between businesses but I think if you've got a hook rate over 10% you're normally doing reasonably well anything below 5% is really quite poor um and then in between is is okay but again there are going to be businesses where those metrics are way way different but that's often what what I I might look to look at so what we can do now is we can take a look at these three video ads and be like well this one down here that is hooking people better in okay great so that hook works better than the hook for the other two video ads when we create new video ads let's start with the one we're using here now interestingly though when you scroll over and we look at the cost per purchase this ad is not actually performing as well when it comes to cost of purchase it's it's £28 versus 25 for this one up here and and 19 for this one here although that only generated three purchases just not much data so what that might tell us in this sort of scenario is okay this ad here is doing the best job of hooking people but this ad and this ad are doing a better job of getting people to convert so why don't we take this ad up the top the meat of the ad and pair it with the hook that we've got in this ad and then we might be able to benefit from the better performing elements in both that might be one of the things that we look at when it comes to hook through rate and that's an example of digging into the data and coming up with an actionable um Step that we could now take with a reasonable expectation of improving results we can also look at hook rate in conjunction with video average playtime now in this scenario because these are short videos this video average play time I don't think is very useful um but we might see for certain ads for example that the hook rate is nice and high like let's take this one at 16% but the video average play time would be significantly lower than the other video ads in which case that would really show us that either the hook is a little bit misleading and not connected enough to the rest of the ads or that the meat of this ad so after the hook the main the main content of the ad um is not as engaging it's not keeping as people there for longer so this is where when we dig into the into the secondary metrics we can start to pair them and start to put together a a picture and an understanding of what's going on here and combining both hook rate and with the end result and then hook rate with video average play time can help do that these are really short videos so the video average play time is all really low um and that's fine but in some scenarios you will get more uh interesting and more revealing data in these two columns if we running video ads we will also take a look at hook rate and combine that with the clicky rate link clicks remember okay so if we scroll over to our CTR and we see that certain ads have a better a really good hook rate but say a lower CTR so let's say they' got a hook rate of over 10% but a CTR of lower than 0.5% which is really quite a low CTR um for link clicks then that might tell us that the ad is engaging it's grabbing people at the beginning but people aren't convinced enough to go ahead and click once they've watched the video ad so there might be two fixes for that either you just need to improve your Auer like the ad got their attention they were interested it was engaging but they got the offer they understood what it was and they were like I'm not really interested in this that could be a possibility or it could be that there's just not enough proof that you can deliver on what your promise is so if we ran an ad for our Facebook advertising services for example and we put something really engaging in the front and got a really good um hook rate but we weren't getting a lot of clicks it might be like okay we're putting this in front of say cold audiences they don't believe that we can deliver the results that we're talking about therefore we need to show more proof in our case we need to show more testimonials screenshots of client accounts things like that so that might be another way to fix it so you can diagnose okay we've got people to this stage but if they're just not clicking through they're not they're either not interested enough in the offer or they don't believe we can deliver on the promise well enough so that's what we then need to address in the next video ads that we create try and put in more proof or try and improve the offer so we can increase that click-through rate that might be something that we look to to diagnose in this scenario we've got decent click-through rates um on all three of these video ads it's not as um revealing in fact the click-through rates correlate somewhat with the hook rate so that doesn't really indicate that this is a problem in this scenario but I'm just trying to run you through example scenarios of what might happen there and when we might make that change so leaving hook rate behind um another metric that we might look at in conjunction with how everything's performing would be clickthrough rate so if we take a look at our clickr rate and we see it's good anything above 1% is decent if you're getting over say 2% you're doing really well remember this is link clicks not um all clicks uh because of very different things so let's say we're getting a good clickthrough rate a 1.5 click-through rate or something for something really solid um but we're not people aren't actually converting so let's say we're advertising an e-commerce uh business we're advertising products directly and we're getting a conversion rate from people who have clicked to be able to convert that's like .7% anything under 2% would normally be considered on the core aside for uh for an e-commerce business although again that can vary massively um then that tells us that the landing page isn't doing the job then it's not an ads issue at all the ad if it's a video ad it got them to engage it got them to click if it's an image ad it got them to click through um and they're just getting to the landing page and they're not taking the next step could be because the landing page isn't congruent enough could be because on the landing page there's like a shipping fee that people didn't expect it could be because there's not enough proof not enough testimonials and reviews and things like that of of the product service to get them to take the next step but it helps us diagnose okay this is the issue good click-through rate but bad overall results there's a good chance that um that's because the landing page isn't doing its part of the job and isn't doing as well as it could be now of course you have to run these things through a common sense filter because you could have an ad that is like engagement bait almost um designed to get people to interact with it gets lots of clicks but you're not really promoting the product or service in its entirety or properly in the ad and therefore doesn't convert that's not really the landing page is because there's not enough congruity between the ad and the landing page in that sort of scenario so you do need to run all these things through a common sense filter um but hopefully that's a good framework of a few examples there of like okay if this happens might be because of this if this doesn't happen it might be because of this and you can go about optimizing and working on the things that are the constraint of your sales funnel improving those and hopefully getting better results and I just want to reiterate that you don't want to optimize in the first instance for metrics like cpms uh cpcs even hook rate uh clickthrough rates things like that in the first instance you want to be optimizing based on your cost per conversion or your return on ad spend and that's because some of the times these metrics they won't correlate so you might have row ass numbers that like we showed an example here with the hook rate being 16% for one ad versus 10% for another ad but the 16% hook rate ad is producing a more expensive cost per purchase than the um 10% uh hook hook rate ad so sometimes they won't correlate and there are all sorts of reasons for that so let's take C cpms for example so that's cost per thousand Impressions some advertisers will optimize for the lowest cpms thinking cheaper Facebook ads it's like right but your cpms are going to be more expensive if your ads are being put in front of higher quality audiences because other advertisers want to reach them that's why they're more expensive to advertise to Facebook ads operates with an auction system the more uh demand there is for certain individuals to have ads put in front of them the more you are going to pay to reach them and guess what high net worth individuals business owners a lot of people that you want to be advertising to they're going to cost more to advertise to so you might see a high CPM but you might convert a lot better because these people are a better quality audience uh likewise with click-through rates an image ad will very often get a better click-through rate than a video ad because it's so easy and quick and simple to consume and particularly if there's any curiosity around it people to click through but maybe they don't convert as well once they get to the landing page because there's there wasn't the video ad there to help them convert to help convince them to buy the product or service whereas with the video ad less people go through it so less people click but you've laid a lot of the groundwork and the foundations to help get people to the point where they're going to be um ready to convert so don't optimize for those use those to understand what's going on and then inform your future ad creation is there a discrepency between link clicks and landing page views yes big one okay have we got an issue with campaign setup I we using traffic campaigns and our ads are being shown on the Audience Network or um is there an issue with the landing page load speed okay are hook rates really good average play time is rubbish right so that Hook's good but we need to fix the rest of the video out average play time is good hook rate's good but CTR is low okay people don't like the offer or there's not enough proof so you can go through these things and based on what you see you pair these secondary metrics you get a picture and that can help um inform and I know that's all a little bit bitty and can be a bit confusing but hopefully you've uh grabbed some some helpful things there right one other thing I want to go through um as part of analysis I think it's really really useful is looking at the chart data Cu uh Matt has done a really good job I think of giving us more information that's going to help us improve our results so if we click alongside this uh this ad up here the one that's had most of the spending got most of the conversions and then once we've uh selected it we can go ahead and click on view charts right so we can see basic data like you know 60 website purchases £25 each ,00 spent on it so you can see it's relatively short time frame this has run for um and then we can go down and see some really interesting demographic data so you can see that advertising this Facebook ads Mastery offer um it is 83% mail which is really quite High um and the cost per result was better um advertising to men now I wouldn't necessarily use this data and then go and change our targeting settings but what I might do is change the messaging on future ads so 83% is probably not quite enough for us to be like specifically speaking to men in our ad copy but if that was 93% I'd be like we probably want to directly make it very clear and I'm sure you've seen ads that directly speak to him directly speak to men directly speak to all different groups of people um in their copy because that could help improve our performance with that group yes it will put off a a different subsection of people but if we're already getting the vast majority of results from one subsection you know this could be gender it could be age it could be all sorts of things right um then you might want to go ahead and uh and make that change platform data is also really interesting you can take a look at you know reach is slightly higher on Instagram versus Facebook but you can see that 36 results generated from Facebook purchases 24 from Instagram with a similar amount spent so shows that Facebook is significantly better performer for uh this offer I was say for my business but that's not necessarily true across the board uh for this offer specifically SC down we can see all the ad previews and stuff um see this is a Facebook ads Mastery ad and then we get down to this and I think this for video ads is absolutely fantastic so this shows the drop off as people are going through um the video ad what they're seeing and you can see it in time with with what's going on like how many people made it through to 75% how many people made it through to various percentages but I actually think the line is the most useful and what you'll see here I think is really valuable is where do you get more of a drop off than you might expect and where do you get less of a drop off than you might expect so this is kind of smaller Hopey we can see it zoomed in so between 13 seconds and 14 seconds if it moves over you can see if I move my cursor right the way there's there's a bit more of a dip just down there the same happens between where are we uh same happens between 10 seconds and 11 seconds there's like just this little bit more of a dip than if that curve was was going along so that shows me that whatever we're doing in that second specifically not so great maybe we don't do that next time cuz people aren't as interested okay whereas there are other parts that are completely flat so if you look between 8 seconds and 10 seconds that's basically completely flat you can see 6% of people are making it between those time frames so whatever we've got there is great people are really liking that they're sticking around and then there be other flat section I mean this section even goes up right so we've got here between 14 seconds we've got 4% and 15 seconds it actually goes up to 5% now that may not be correct that might be because this is as you can see at the bottom still in development it might be not right but that might show that okay that part's really like absolutely that part is great um that's holding people so you can really get into the data here and you can see like you know there's obviously always going to be a big drop off at the beginning but if you go through an analyze the various sections particularly obviously with video ads you can see okay do less of the stuff that gets people to stop watching more of the stuff that holds people's retention and that's going to increase your average play time and most likely uh improve your results cuz if more people watch the video more people make it to the end more people click on the link more people go ahead and purchase become a lead Etc so spend a little bit of time in this not just looking at the demographic platform data but also if you've got a video ad really digging into um this information here I think it's it's really valuable so hopefully that is helpful when it comes to analyzing your Facebook ads and improving your results if it is please go ahead and subscribe just takes half a second and I will see you on another video very soon

  Top Comments:
  1. @BenHeath [7 likes]: Get personal Meta Ads feedback from me (live) for less than $60 per session:
👉 https://www.skool.com/benheath/about
Let my agency run your Meta ads for you:
👉 https://heathmedia.co.uk/done-for-you/
  2. @fengyin-t6h [2 likes]: Bro, next time if you make video please explain slowly because its a very big problem to understand what you are saying to people like us, because English is not our main language😂😂
  3. @JeffreyColemanMc-x3w: 👍
  4. @verdeath2657: thanks!
  5. @Alim.alHakim: Help me understand, I have a 16% unique link click-through ratio, am I tripping or....
  6. @yarahikal4249: This was really helpful. Thank you!
  7. @rorisangkhadienyane6095: This is an amazing video. I'm a beginner but I have learned so much. Advice, as a beginner, watch Meta Ads beginner video (" How to create Mets Ads") first before coming here for better contect and understanding metrics better.
  8. @gavinwiener: 14:15 

So would it be correct in saying...if we're driving them to a call or webinar (where the sale happens on the backend), we're going to optimise for cost per result (which would be an opt-in, call booked, or registration for example)

(We just might have to push that data back using Meta CAPI)

But then again, couldn't you push back a "Purchase" event as well and optimise for Return on Ad Spend still?
  9. @JamTradings: Not sure if you'll see this but I've been enjoying your content and I just wanted to run this past you if possible please.

I have a product that makes around £5 if one of them sells. The sale price is £12.50 (plus £2.15 of free P&P if total order £20+) I had another meta ads youtuber (who I'm not going to name) tell me these are bad numbers and impossible to scale. Most I've had so far is 4 sales of a £30 ad spend and my account is still fairly new as am I to meta ads in general. My BEROAS is about 3.05 which I definitely wouldn't have said is bad but hearing that it is has kinda took the wind out of my sales. I've sold over 1000 of these on eBay and I felt like they would be a good product to kickstart my store. Not only that but a lot of my products sit around this profit so if they really are crappy numbers then it's not looking good for me lol any type of feedback is greatly appreciated
  10. @wisdomezeoguchannel: Thank you so much Ben. I’m subscribed already.

Your videos are void of ambiguity, truth-centered and easy to follow. Thank you once more.
  11. @duddukurikishore1305: Who are going to watch this video, I say one thing to you, 100 % it's a worth video to watch.
  12. @THEHVACSQUAD: any advice for HVAC business owners on how to advertise?
  13. @smiless101: Iam running fb ads and having 1.5%ctr with high link clicks but the conversion is zero why ?? Note : customer goes to whatsup business after clicking ads and that's my intention but no one messaging me why ?! I need help here urgently 😢
  14. @haleymcdonald197: Hi! I don’t see hook rate as an option. Also, it is normal to have very high CPMs when you first start off with a new ad account?
  15. @snigddhaphalke9856: THE video i was looking for! I am so glad i found this! I have struggling with analysis since some time now. Thanks a lot for this video Ben! 

I would really love to see a video like this on google search ads campaign performance analysis!
  16. @jamesh7395: Awesome, value content - thank you.
  17. @CasualCravers-fashion: more talk but no in hand teching
  18. @MusheghHakobyan-o7z: This was really helpful. Thanks man for making this video.
  19. @lucabongers-q1k6g: is this only sales or?
  20. @NicoleEvans-u7h: Seeing a real campaign dissected like this makes all the difference in understanding the data and knowing what levers to pull. Thanks, Ben, for this practical and insightful walkthrough!

- React in 100 Seconds: Kind: captions Language: en react a javascript library for building user interfaces developed at facebook and released in 2013 it's safe to say react has been the most influential ui library of recent memory we use it to build components that represent logical reusable parts of the ui the beauty of react is that the simplicity of building a component has been brought down to its theoretical minimum it's just a javascript function it's so easy a caveman could do it the return value from this function is your html or ui which is written in a special syntax called jsx allowing you to easily combine javascript with html markup if you want to pass data into a component you simply pass it a props argument which you can then reference inside the function body or in the ui using braces if the value changes react will react to update the ui if we want to give our component its own internal state we can use the state hook the hook is just a function that returns a value as well as a function to change the value in this case count is our reactive state and setcount will change the state when used in the template the count will always show the most recent value then we can bind set count to a button click event so the user can change the state react provides a variety of other built-in hooks to handle common use cases but the main reason you might want to use react is not the library itself but the massive ecosystem that surrounds it react itself doesn't care about routing state management animation or anything like that instead it lets those concerns evolve naturally within the open source community no matter what you're trying to do there's very likely a good supporting library to help you get it done need a static site you have gatsby need server side rendering you have next for animation you have spring for forums you have formic state management you've got redux mobx flux recoil x state and more you have an endless supply of choices to get things done the way you like it as an added bonus once you have reactdown you can easily jump into react native and start building mobile apps and it's no surprise that knowing this little ui library is one of the most in-demand skills for front-end developers today this has been react in 100 seconds if you want to see more short videos like this make sure to like and subscribe and check out more advanced react content on fire ship i o and if you're curious how i make these videos make sure to check out my new personal channel and video on that topic thanks for watching and i will see you in the next one

  Top Comments:
  1. @Fireship [329 likes]: Also checkout Vue.js in 100 Seconds https://youtu.be/nhBVL41-_Cw and stay tuned for a JS "framework" video tomorrow :)
  2. @americantoastman7296 [1 likes]: shoosh mops
  3. @seesmof: Believe the Lord Jesus Christ.
  4. @DopenglVcanoe: Your videos are always so helpful, thank you!
  5. @JasonHall-s6j: Trung tâm tư vấn rất kỹ và chuyên nghiệp.
  6. @VedanthSuresh-d8r: 67
  7. @jonathanaguirre6463: interesting
  8. @KVSGamer: Not at all recommended to watch the night before exam
  9. @GuardianTiger: Just remember that react is not easy when it comes to debugging if you don't know your css, html or js first.
  10. @GRecordsInc: Resume:Updated
  11. @Ganeshar11: ✅
  12. @bmx_roberts: I hoe react doesnt die
  13. @Iamriswanvp: 4 years before i watch like these videos and still watching and i break that watching loop after done a big project now i cant believe iam a software developer holy cow
  14. @RichardBobvu: Is just html and css on steroids😂😂
  15. @RichardBobvu: Is just html and css on steroids😂😂
  16. @RichardBobvu: Is just html and css on steroids😂😂
  17. @NisalUmayanga-pk4lp: Why not another 100 sec video partner
  18. @kireer: Cool!
  19. @ahmedaminebenelmalih2353: شكرا..
  20. @LUCASSANTOS-r8k5t: I CAN FINALLY GET A JOB NOW :D

- React for the Haters in 100 Seconds: Kind: captions Language: en react.js a half-baked functional ui library created at facebook that's used by millions of developers because it has a cool name and logo it was invented by mark zuckerberg in 2013. and that was a big mistake and it was my mistake and i'm sorry react is simple it's just javascript bro and that's why it gives you dozens of weird ways to solve the same problems like functional and class-based components hooks forward ref higher order components mix-ins render props suspense and so on it's credited as the first declarative ui library even though it took most of those ideas from angularjs its killer feature though is the fact that you can write pure functional code that is until you want to do anything useful in which case you'll need to write imper functions with state and effects the beauty of this approach is that it makes simple things like reactive state much more complicated than they need to be and that's what makes us feel like real developers use effect is especially fun and was originally going to be called use foot gun because it's a great way to introduce infinite loops performance issues and bugs that you'll never be able to figure out not to worry though react is always evolving with revolutionary new features to monkey patch all the weirdness nobody saw coming on the previous release now even though it has an extremely high learning curve react is a library and not a framework and that means to build something cool you'll need to find and install hundreds of different packages most of which were built by teenagers who stopped maintaining them years ago when they went off to college to learn a real language like c to get started create a new react app then open up google to enter the gates of tutorial hell notice how we start in strict mode that's used to hide baggage from previous versions of the framework i mean library now in the code we pretend we're doing functional programming by writing our components as functions classes are also possible but they are literally the double instead we use these hooks everywhere that do the same classes do in a more magical hipstery way templating is handled in jsx it's a non-standard way to write html which allows you to represent the ui entirely in non-portable callback hell now we can all agree to hate css but react will make you hate it even more when you try to style something on your own luckily there are hundreds of css and js libraries working on this problem as we speak the extra complexity is worth it though because react is blazingly fast assuming you implemented all the weird tricks flawlessly life is about suffering it's not supposed to be fun like spelt or fast like solid or reliable like angular or all of the above like view the only thing that matters is react is the most popular and that makes it undeniably the best just like microsoft makes the best operating system and mcdonald's makes the best food this has been me destroying my reputation with the react community in 100 seconds react has been the most influential library in front of web development for the last decade nothing's perfect but it got to where it is today because it does a lot of things right and for that it deserves our respect thanks for watching and i will see you in the next one

  Top Comments:
  1. @Fireship [13000 likes]: buy my react course
  2. @chrisalex82 [1 likes]: Why cant i website in C
Sane la.gaygeua
  3. @chrisalex82 [1 likes]: But why
Why
  4. @explain.mp4 [1 likes]: ❌️ Never React HTML with JS
🌲TreeAct - Green HTML
  5. @phantom1951: React takes a logical flowing line of code, and splits it across 3 files and nested 3 structures deep
  6. @farhan-c5o2u: 2:02 bro made a badass punchline. I know that came from the heart, haha.
  7. @mamgeorge: loved the tongue in cheek description...
  8. @NOTHING-790: Bro was that a tutorial or roasting
  9. @hgbugalou: Who grows up and wants to write the kind of code.
  10. @sajid_7756: 2:13 best 🤣
  11. @WinchesterD: Laughed about "useEffect" was originally called "useFootGun". I'm React developer, before I got good with useEffect, I often had these infinite loops issues. :D
  12. @flashman9755: Or all of the above like Vue. No kidding. Vue is amazing.
  13. @mohammedalimuddin4253: Video Title: React for the Haters in 100 Seconds
2M people: It's for me
  14. @gbengaowolaye6291: When he said "...from the Framework, i mean library" i just knew that was on purpose 😂
  15. @godfist9333: As a vibe coder , these 100 seconds video are becoming so useful . Who would have thought 😂
  16. @dehrk9024: vuejs better xd
  17. @farsari: Just use VUE
  18. @mtalhakhalid1679: another jew Mark zukerberg come to destory world lol
  19. @grumpy_cat1337: I'm going to spit in the face of anyone saying React is not framework. As soon as they introduced .jsx it became a framework, which makes you think you write a pure js code, but in reality you're not, and framework can shit on your code unless you know exactly what happens under its hood.
  20. @ahamedyousuf5501: bro definitely hate react

- React Native in 100 Seconds: Kind: captions Language: en react native write javascript and react to build apps for ios android and the web from a single codebase according to atwood's law any application that can be written in javascript will eventually be written in javascript the first way js developers tried to build mobile apps was by wrapping their native applications in a sandbox browser called a webview using tools like apache cordova and adobe phonegap the philosophy is right once run anywhere this works but it can be hard to make a website feel like a true native experience react native takes a different approach it feels just like react dom for the web but instead of using html and the dom as building blocks for the ui it uses the native components that you would find on ios and android the philosophy is learn once right anywhere you can't just take your existing react web app and upload it to the app store but you can use the react skills you already have to build a native app without ever having to touch java or objective c instead you import building block components like button switch scroll view and the most fundamental of which is view at runtime it will use the true native component on the corresponding platform like uiview android.view or div on the web it's like building three apps for the price of one but in some cases you may want a different visual experience based on the underlying os the platform module allows you to check which platform you're on and render different components accordingly when it comes to visuals there's no css in react native instead every core component takes a style prop that can be customized with a style sheet constructed from javascript in development it supports fast refresh which means you can instantly see the changes you make to your code on any platform you may also want to tap into native features like the device camera push notifications and geolocation these concerns are handled by one of the most active open source communities on github there's open source packages for almost everything that can be installed with npm just like any other javascript project and there's frameworks like expo that build on top of react native primitives to provide all the tooling required to ship your app to production you can use react native to build a complete mobile app or integrate it with existing ios and android projects it's not an all or nothing solution this has been react native in 100 seconds if you want to see more short videos like this hit the like button and subscribe and let me know if you want to see more react native content in the comments thanks for watching and i will see you in the next one

  Top Comments:
  1. @seesmof: Believe in the Lord Jesus Christ.
  2. @modeen2121: keren
  3. @ValentimGuenduoa: This was nothing short of fantastic!
  4. @FjhfgjBxfajv: This explanation was so smooth it needs a theme song.
  5. @سوسوحبوب-ف2ز: I’m blown away by the quality of this content!
  6. @julianssonko6022: Back when fireship was still a tutorial channel
  7. @AASHISHKUMAR-i8i: This completely changed the game for me!
  8. @abuosamamumbai4892: I’m stunned at how well you broke this down!
  9. @ErikLira-q8g: I’m stunned at how well you broke this down!
  10. @RiyazAli-d7y: I’m in awe of how clearly you explained this!
  11. @ertrtfsgggtrt: The delivery was great.
  12. @RyannOrgan: This was a great watch.
  13. @HenryHunters-c3o: Nicely explained and easy to understand.
  14. @MarinaMeri-u6i: Great video, really enjoyed it.
  15. @RonWardlow-e2i: This was so well delivered.
  16. @user-cc5qn4ld3o: Helpful content, thank you.
  17. @SurendraOraon-n7r: This was so clear and simple.
  18. @PatriciaYount-n4x: This made the topic simple.
  19. @JisanKhan-m9x3w: This was so well structured.
  20. @StellaNzei: This was really helpful.

- Expo in 100 Seconds: Kind: captions Language: en Expo an open source tool set for building Universal native apps on iOS Android and the web with a single react code base normally developers need to write Swift code for apple or cotlin for Android to build a mobile app and that sucks if you're a web developer because now you need to learn two new languages luckily react native fixes this by using a JavaScript bridge that allows react components to represent native UI components if the code looks like HTML and CSS but you're actually building truly native widgets the real deal not just a web view that's embedded in a native app and can interact with Native apis like the camera keyboard and vibrator pretty cool but here's where expo comes in first run this command to generate a project template it takes care of all the annoying configuration so you can start writing code right away inside this project we can use npm to instantly run this app on iOS Android and the web by simply running an npm command and if we go into the code and make some changes to the UI the app will hot reload to reflect the changes or you can test the app in a sandbox with tools like Expo go what's unique about this code though is this app Direct directory which uses file system based routing very similar to react Frameworks like nextjs and remix this allows you to create screens that are automatically deep linkable on mobile and you can navigate between them in the UI with the link component but on mobile platforms we navigate by pushing and popping screens to the navigation stack in Expo we can easily control that behavior with attributes like push and replace on the link or use the router module directly to navigate imperatively in addition the Expo router can also use layouts to share UI across multiple pages and also represent more advanced routing patterns like tabs and moduls Beyond routing though Expo provides tons of libraries for working with Native apis need a camera use Expo to install the camera package and simply use the camera view component in your UI the same goes for maps sensors and virtually every other use case and has Integrations with tools like Firebase and superbase to connect to backend Cloud infrastructure what's weird though is you'll notice our project is missing Android and iOS directories Expo developed a technique called continuous native generation where Native code is generated predictably from a set of inputs and that's awesome because trust me as a JavaScript developer when you start touching Java and Objective C code in these directories things are going to break now finally after you build an awesome app automate testing on Native devices and emulators thanks to its integration with detox now let's get this app to our end users on the web we can statically render our pages and upload them to any web host on Mobile Expo can automate your builds in the cloud then submit them to Google play in the Apple App Store you don't even need a Mac congratulations you're now a cross platform developer this has been Expo in 100 seconds let me know what you want to learn about next in the comments thanks for watching and I will see you in the next one

  Top Comments:
  1. @seesmof [2 likes]: Believe in the Lord Jesus Christ to be saved
  2. @agoysy [1 likes]: How it compares to React Native ? Planning to use it but not sure the ecosystem
  3. @shashiranjan6418 [1 likes]: How to debug the code for android ?
  4. @albertvaldez2669 [1 likes]: "camera, keyboard and VIBRATOR"
  5. @avamikoz [1 likes]: 🚀
  6. @mahinflux: Expo is fire, man. I was frustrated, and with ADHD I was really confused about my stack. Now I can finally focus on one thing.
  7. @fishball_z: wtf
  8. @azinnovates1352: Everything. I want to learn everything from you. Your explanation is connecting me to the program where I used to be back in the turn of the Millennium. This is like a further refinement of what macromedia and dreamweaver became, simple and effective management across domains. Good stuff y’all. Awesome
  9. @lukajk: tinder for horses, why didn't I ever think of that
  10. @chynoid: THE GOAT
  11. @emirhan1356: why we need expo what it solves and why it wants my money that much. developing for ios and android is free. react native is free but this mf is paid and its free plan is really limited
Waiting in Free tier queue
|■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■ | starting in about 260 minutes...
  12. @DavidM3Johnston: So those are not actually 100s... Wow I'd never thought to count
  13. @tejask4163: Lack of ads is refreshing!
  14. @MannyBernabe: clutch!
  15. @Suriprofz: Pricing no joke
  16. @chizzlemo3094: Tried this today, fcking awesome
  17. @sarthakghoshal-l4n: Please do reNative in 100 seconds
  18. @NibbletonBuilds: so how is different than flutter?
  19. @sudu-boi: Just a thought:
if Expo can run in all platforms, why doesn't most of the world run solely on it?
  20. @abhisheksathe123: Expo is goated fr

- Guess The Song In The First Five Seconds (Ft. kenzie): Kind: captions Language: en 1 2 3 4 5 our reactors are guessing the song in the first 5 Seconds part two what I think you're going to be really surprised at how well you're going to do I'm so scared listen up no go shoty shoty go oh it's your birthday but 50 Cent but what's the song called Birthday in the club ENT it's actually in the club in the club by 50 Cent that is correct sorry in the club 50 Cent In the Club 50 Cent let's go really thought it was birthday Beyonce recorded a version of this song and I need it and it was called sexy little Thug okay and you know what that she is [Music] Baba oh oh oh my God yeah but what's the name I don't listen to current music me neither how can I help you get there can I hum it please please please Serena Carpenter I'm so sorry no you're fine please please please Serena Carpenter please please please Ser Carpenter please please please love a good clap clap clap you know you know you got it you got it I don't oh go somebody I used to know that is correct it's Somebody That I Used to Know by go goate somebody that I used to know somebody Somebody That I Used to Know by go I will live breathe and die by that song the last my favorite song ever oh my God I love that that's your favorite song because I still play it on rat as well got it I can't do it it baby by Bieber Justin Bieber sorry baby said Timber Baby by Justin Bieber oh my God you guys uh Justin Bieber baby is corre the this baby that is correct I really thought I was going to marry him when I was a child could you appoint me with someone who sucked baby baby baby oh my God macarina macarina macarina macarina by those guys can you do the macarina good uh Rolling in the Deep by a dow Rolling in the Deep that is correct there's a fire a dow Rolling in the Deep wow rolling the deep that is correct yes that's crazy that's crazy that one's crazy that's crazy do you know I forgot it Take On Me by AA it's Take On Me by aha yeah that's correct uh Take On Me yeah oh take on me that is correct yes why are you so quick yeah but not that one not not wow I got the [Applause] ring this is every little thing I do but that's not the name of the song it's by insync back street back nope um nnc not correct Dirty Pop no he's got the the is this when they were on like the puppets on a string that album mhm I no matter what you do it's going to be me that's correct it I would have got I had to process it's going to be me correct it's May it's going to be May that is correct by ins synct that is correct no no no can I say it it's going to be me I I thought I was waiting for her to answer Martin I'm going to defer to you yeah listen Okay that one I actually don't know Jack definitely got this I like it oh never mind birds of a feather by that is correct birds of a feather really okay well that it was yeah birds of a feather eyelish yes yeah it's no points for y'all okay it's birds of a feather by Billy ish Billy has been on this channel true so she may be subscribed well hey there hey there hey Billy oh Girls Just Want to Have Fun I just laughed you I'm sorry girls apologizing uh Girls Just Want to Have Fun by Cindy loer Girls Just Want to Have Fun by ler again why that is insane is it Girls Just Want to Have Fun it is Girls Just Want to Have funer I karate chopped your hand I was apologizing for inflicting pain no you didn't oh uh um um um that wasn't Weezer what with the no I don't I have no book oo stranger things theme no no Miss Charlie mix G um 365 or 360 I don't know you tell me 360 360 is correct 360 Charlie XX that is correct 365 by Charlie XX it's 360 by Charlie xx and I'm going to give you the point Charlie XX 360 that is correct let's go I got there all by myself 360 when you're in the mirror you're just looking at me do you know uh Channel it Channel it bring it in no I got it I download Speak it uh this is um um um um now stop hold on hold on it's it's Fleetwood Mac dreams that is correct thank you that is um not steevie next but Fleetwood Mac and that is uh the song dreams dreams thank you are made of you didn't get it is it dreams it's dreams but I'll take it dreams dream dreams is crack yeah don't act like you know nope what the Jack Carlo no whips and chains you can drag me hey get it I I I can't even imagine the faces I wish I had a mirror me down put your on me baby put your put your loving on me baby it's loving on me whip your loving on me it's called loving on me but I'm going to give you the point loveing on me baby loveing on me that is correct you can me love on meing on meaby so sorry I oh my God wait I'm assuming this is recent as well Taylor Swift yeah um oh well that's why I don't know it she knows it oh Cruel Summer yes yeah sorry Cruel Summer of course it's Cruel Summer Cruel Summer Cruel Summer is correct crel summer Taylor that is correct she doesn't need much time such a good song I love Cru summer I love it I think it was great oh darn do you know it of course SW nope swo despacito W oh that that ISO I'm trying to be very fair despasito despasito deso Justin Bieber was performing in Columbia and that's the first time he heard the song and he was like I want to be on this song the next day sent L fonie his verse and also had learned the Spanish chorus yes and Louis fony was like so impressed he's like amazing the song blew up then in 2017 Justin Bieber performed at one Oak and he was like I think a little buzzed and he kept saying I want a Dorito I want a Dorito give me a burrito cuz he forgot the words people were like that's no but then Louis fonie came out and was like guys it's really hard to remember these lyrics like I have a tough time too so he defended him he defended him smart of Louis Fonzi hold on hold on hold on hold on hold on Can't Take My Eyes Off You Noe no no respect respect respect go yeah bya Franklin this is respect bya Franklin that is correct what you want respect my Frankin that is correct damn it baby I got it I heard the horns I thought it was that's fing crazy sorry sure no oh man so familiar Forever Young Dam believe I share that is crazy Do You Believe In Love by share you believe in my love believe by share do you believe do you believe love after love technically it's just believe what uh crazy and Love by Beyonce that's correct uh crazy Crazy In Love Beyonce what are we doing here Crazy by Beyonce Crazy In Love Crazy In Love beonce crazy right now crazy in love but I'll take it I have stopped hitting the button if I don't think that I actually know it that's the resp I knew it not off the top of my head I'll break you guys song immediately kids stop fighting okay get along yes Mom no this is Journey mhm oh no no no hold on hey hey hey hey hey I wasn't done yet finish it just a small no Don't Stop Believing don't youing dare no joury Don't Stop Believing but she you got it you got to get it I I Don't Stop Believing Don't Stop Believing is correct Don't Stop Believing Journey yes okay that was good you knew I did know of course you knew if I was playing this game with my sister or my friend I would be like you know but like I'm being you can no I'll do it back no oh just a city boy born and raised in South Detroit this is not even no I see de people people what do you know maybe you and me baby ain't nothing but why so we're both in the gutter are both oh shoot Kendrick Lamar um I know it but I don't okay go they not like us Kendrick Lamar that is correct I see they're like us they're not like us oh my God Kendrick Lamar and it is uh they not like us that's correct they not like us yes yes woo oh did I sneak in underneath you you did you did okay that's uh that's Katy Perry and that is uh uh uh the side this is Firework by Kitty Perry correct Kitty Perry Firework oh my God you want to go for it don't fire did you know Jackson I did did you okay so I was not was not wasn't what were you going to say you know I know how to make I had to That's a classic Fourth of July oh Miley Cyrus Katy Perry oh oh oh oh oh breakfast at chickys and bottles and Bubbles this is seven rings by Ariana Grande seven rings by Miss Ariana Grande Favorite Things by the girl that dated uh Pete Seven Rings AR on Grande yeah seven mhm and then rings that is correct she had had a pretty rough day after she broke up with Pete Davidson so she went to her friends were like retail therapy let's go to Tiffany's and she bought all of her friends diamond rings and then she went to the studio and she was like sing about it that's so cool I love it bang her I would be like if she broke up with a boyfriend be like ha let's go look at houses and maybe you buy me one yeah je oh man no I know this song you guys know this song A je what's that called Tiny Dancer Tiny Dancer yeah Tiny Dancer by El John that is correct dancer Tiny Dancer by El John hold me closer tiny dancer tiny danc tiny dancer isre now she's in always promis that could be 1,800 different songs and that's true Noah um what what is that song called season of the sticks Noah Kahan or whatever yeah it's stick season but I'm obviously taking it uh and it is called stick season it's no con thank you for knowing that yes stick season yes thank you it's stick season by Noah con like who is she oh okay no it's not that song Happy Together Sweet Caroline that's great it is Sweet Caroline together Sweet Caroline Neil Diamond yeah Sweet Caroline Sweet Caroline correct carine heit Me Baby One More Time by Bernie Spears no oh Did It Again by Bernie Spears M Britney Spears yeah it's Oops I did it again again said that oops I Did It Again oops I Did It Again oop oops I Did It Again Oops I did it again I did it wow oh now there we go this is Baby One More Time that isre Hit Me Baby One More Time Hit Me Baby One More Time that is correct Baby One More Time baby one more time is correct confess I still believe still believe turn all by myself no but I understand why you think that ban Master no no oh wait no oh my God I need total eclipse of a that is correct turn around no it's not that clipse of the heart is it that it Total Eclipse of the Heart Is this Total Eclipse of the Heart Eclipse of the Heart oh I knew it would help you no I like it uh wait training season oh my God this is training season by dualipa I don't like okay it's a song called training season oh then I don't know training season's over sorry I yo fall up boy no want to be by Spice Girls um wab be by Spice Girls i w to wab be W to be that is correct wab be W wab be by sport girls it's raining Man by the weather girl water KLA no I hate you Benny and the Jess by on John oh that is correct Benny and the Jets there we go Benny and the Jets that is correct Benny and the Jet Hey kid oh oh oh uh is that yeah by Little John yeah oh no Usher Usher Yeah it's yeah but okay a oh I forgot to yeah yeah three times oh no AER AER yeah sorry yeah I say out to late you got it Miss TS she's GNA nah this is um it's um Shake It Off by Taylor SW that's correct Taylor Swift Shake It Off yeah that is correct I got nothing in my brain Taylor Swift Shake It Off y Shake It Off Shake It Off got in bra a symbol ask Like That by Eminem started out Mr bright side the killers that is oh Mr bright side Killers wow that is correct Mr Bright Side by The Killers Jackson did not give up Mr bright side started out with a kiss how did it end up like this it was only a kiss it was only a kiss you know what it's called listen baby ain't no mountain high enough ain't no mountain high enough that is correct yes ain't no mountain high river wide okay take it away Jackson I just why do birds suddenly up here no Beauty and the what's the song called is oldest time the be that's crazy oh oh taay is oldest time jul Andrew nice job ta is all the time yes oh my God a little bit of money one two 3 4 5 what the hell is the name of the Mambo Number Five Mambo Number Five Oh my God I'm sh you know Mambo Number Five by Mambo Number Five that is correct this hit that ice cold Michelle fight for that white gold oh my God pink is under no no no my pinky is under her pinky is under it's a br Mars and it is uh Uptown Funk I'm sorry I'm so sorry Uptown Punk don't give it to you oh Uptown Punk uh uh Uptown Punk by BR Mars as you should yeah this is Uptown funk by Bruno Mars you want to hear something crazy Uptown Funk and then the song rip Tied by Vance Joy were on the charts at the same time and they both featured the name Michelle feifer or the actress Michelle F isn't that weird interesting I'm going to sit back for this one I made it through the Wilderness you know I made it through found you oh that's Madonna you know what that is Material Girl Madonna that's uh like a virgin sorry I said Material Girl uh she is a material girl I made it through the Wilderness Like a Virgin there we go I madna Y Like a Virgin by Madonna Madonna Like A Virgin t for the very first time if you know it you can take it but I'm going to keep working on it s o no who is it Rihanna oh SOS definitely wow God you're fast like SOS yeah nice SOS for Rihanna she's really fast SOS for me I need a freaking hel line this is um Under the Bridge by Red Hot Chili Peppers it's not under the I know I shouldn't be doing that anymore something something heyo snow heyo snow snow snow in the winter what does it do snow that's correct is you got a [Laughter] point uh snow correct thank you it's called snow it's called snow I know all the yeah Can You Feel the Love Tonight no but I sounded like it tell me I'm wrong Seline Dion uh uh Titanic my heart will gone no A Whole New World when will this Reflections reflection the Christina agilera version of uh Reflection from Mulan Reflection reflection is correct reflection reflection is correct period I had to of course yeah drum set please Ben Halen no Uptown Girl Uptown Girl Billy Joel that is correct go that is correct Uptown Girl my Billy that's correct Uptown Girl Up girl that is CRA you can't tell by the way I use my walk no time to talk BG is staying alive well staying alive yes stay alive staying alive I pain together sorry I don't think that was understood I'm going to need that one more time not by Panic at the Disco I think I said it clearly before brend Ur oh will imagine it's Panic at the Disco and it's I right SS not tragedies that is correct I chime in I right Sins Not Tragedies that is correct I Write Sins Not Tragedies I it's Sabrina it's oh uh the theme song from Full Full House oh girl oh from from friends oh it's a friend soundtrack I'll Be There For You by the REM Brands oh my God not you knowing the whole fre I love the friend love the that is I'll be there for you that is correct thank you Friends theme song oh it's Lady Gaga don't call me Gaga I'm still thinking Gaga Vivaldi this is Alejandro by Lady Gaga oh my God I know we are I know that oh oh oh Alejandro Antonio Alejandro I said Antonio dang it Alejandro Lady Gaga I just want to be with you Alejandro Alejandro Lady Gaga we are young and I know that you may love me but I just can't be with you like this anymore who Margaritaville is that is smooth Operator by shot say shot it is smooth Operator Smooth Operator this is smooth Operator oh do you know I may know it I may not smooth Operator s bro smooth operat that is it's Fleetwood Mac and it's a Landslide by Stevie NYX or or Fleetwood Mac Landslide yes got to Landslide Landslide by Fleetwood Mac Landslide wow she no had them apple bottom jeans I realized after in like a split second after I was like ah what's it called Apple Bottom Jeans ludicrous I don't it's called ludicrous yeah got low got get low low low it's just called shorty got lowow no Lana Del no oh oh um it's what are you waiting for love me like you do there go thank God oh my God love me like you do love me like you do uh Love Me Like You Do by iie Golden that is wow oh man you're not going to I know my girls who don't know current songs are not going to know Chapel Road Owl City Fireflies uh name a planet Venus Mercury name another one Mars Jupiter Saturn that is correct Saturn nice s that is correct Mercury Saturn by yeah yeah yeah Saturn it's Saturn by scissor no I don't know you Hotel California no so opposite actually uh take a look in see I had the 12 Str I love love that song though thank you it's giving if you had my love yeah it's if you had my love Jennifer Lopez come on her one song it's if you had my love by Jennifer Lopez you no points no points devastating if you had my love and I gave you all my trust would you comfort me that's je that's uh look no no don't don't no you to Black Parade by My Chemical Romance do you know how I'm embarassing it would be bad it would be bad if she didn't get that you have to understand that um The Black Parade kic romance Welcome to the Black Parade that correct I have heard the song but I would have never guessed the title The Black Parade by My Chemical Romance what I was so that's My Chemical Romance and that's uh uh the black I needed to get to that part is it something from Titanic come on I Le my dexi Midnight Runners come on e yes come on E wow that was so believe you got that come on e h oh my God talking about hold on I actually have one more special Dam it I'm such a the me I was by Kenzie that is correct how did you not get that one you literally get I had a millisecond that is correct that is the me I was by Miss Kenzie sitting right here that's so crazy that was great can you tell us a little bit about your song The Mi I was please it's a full album but I came out with that song it's like the focus track and it's about how I got cheated on in a relationship and then my relationship afterwards I came with a lot of trust issues and baggage and so I wish that my partner could have met me like before um all of that yeah don't we all come to everything with a lot of baggage yeah girl I came here with a lot check in luggage babe I do not just have a carry on Izzy is the winner congratulations Izzy you won the winner today is Sabrina the winner today is Martin Rainman it wasn't it wasn't close that's right rain it wasn't so the winner today is Jack congratulations did you get any of these right let us know in the comments and make sure to stream my new album biting my tongue Bye by bye guys bye have a good one bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @keithberry-u3c [8 likes]: Beauty and the Beast NOT Tale As Old As Time and it wasn't Julie Andrews   singing  it was Angela Lansbury
  2. @francis.h.fernandes [7 likes]: Is it just me or are some songs completely cut out? Like it just skips to the responses. Take On Me was one place wher it happened. I noticed this in some other REACT videos too.
  3. @scotreyes5489 [7 likes]: I know I’m late to this episode but Sabrina and Jax need to go head to head again. I actually felt the animosity between the two during the both of them in the competitive nature they have….
  4. @xxaleksi [6 likes]: that gotye song i hate so much
  5. @kittykorner8987 [4 likes]: Can we just take a moment to appreciate the fact that Martine and Jayse are wearing almost the exact same shirt?
  6. @Sweet_Red_29 [4 likes]: "I've stopped hitting the button if I don't know the song" . . . then the very next song she hits the button and doesn't know the song. Jesus, Sabrina is unwatchable. I will skip any I see her in now. I watched maybe 5 videos last night and she was in 3, pissed me off in all 3. No thank you. Unsportsmanship in every one. B*tch behavior.
  7. @nicholepecora7654 [3 likes]: It’s “Beauty and the Beast” not “Tale as old as time” and it’s sung by Angela Lansbury!
  8. @yomogami4561 [3 likes]: lol beba it's been a year: sabrina and jaxon are still like siblings
  9. @JakaylaMcgee-m5l [3 likes]: Sabrina and jaxon and lzzy and kenzie and Jack and taitha
  10. @kodineusz7100 [2 likes]: 26:28 Carlos Sainz likes this 😂 (of course I mean the F1 driver)
  11. @melerad2814 [2 likes]: If your favorite song is somebody i used to know, then i am not surprised you thought beiber will marry you..
  12. @tarranlow2718 [2 likes]: Get me on this
  13. @vincent-d2t7c [2 likes]: dude when it came to the newer songs I had to pause the video because of my rage, you could have given me one second and I still would have gotten them.
  14. @BrandenYates-f8f [1 likes]: Julie Andrews 😂😂 I think you mean angela lansbury
  15. @SophieLodge-wi3pr [1 likes]: Justin Bieber not Beiber
  16. @kraptusketimporta9024 [1 likes]: La flaquita no perdona ni una, y cuando le ponen a otra persona que sabe más que ella se enoja.
  17. @waldosplace3119 [1 likes]: I got 17 😊
  18. @McGoofy1001: Was Jaxon on the roids in this one?
  19. @JMKings-Z9V: 43
  20. @TommyLightfoot: Friendships you guys have, encouraged me to rebuild my life. The last time I tried to to have a serious relationship, I was with a girl who was extremely suicidal. And I just... Had to f*****, walk away from that. And it's been over a year that I just haven't even wanted to go on a date. But like, funny fun! People exist still, I'm just bitter. I have to grow the f** up again. Because, it's not my fault. She wanted to take an entire goddamn bottle of trazodone. She was already like that before I ever got there. My shortest relationship ever, 11 months... All she had to do was tell me what she was going through .. 

Instead of lying to me constantly

- This Audience Member Does Great Impersonations of the Hosts!: Kind: captions Language: en so you guys we've got $25 for anybody who can do a killer impersonation of us five hosts what's your name I'm Tony okay give me good five impersonations Tamar well the thing is that she's beat okay she stays points up and she is everything get into this there um see the thing is that I'm really trying to find my voice on this show and I really think that I have so far I like it okay Genie okay guys so like when I'm at home and I'm like with my girls and I have a glass of wine you know I'm just there chilling and stuff right going on okay so the thing is is that when you're a Latina like I mean we're a little spicy right so I mean it's like that's just how we are you know but I hope somebody come pick me up because I don't have a license so can somebody like come and pick me up with a phone okay okay be careful fun the thing is if a man is in my face he ain't going to be there for long cuz we about to hit into the bedroom okay oh my God

  Top Comments:
  1. @markeke4000 [2 likes]: He need more money than that
  2. @homemsolteiro8038 [2 likes]: 25 dollars?? Hahahahahaha why is the tv show so cheap to offer mere 25 dollars as prize? 
At least 100 would be THE VERY MINIMUM prize value...
  3. @AshleyOwensSunshine [1 likes]: Hi
  4. @JacobMelton-i4t [1 likes]: And who would be so DummAss with out a key door magic unlocker😅😢🎉❤😊
  5. @Butterfly-se9hy [1 likes]: 25 dollars !!??? Mad cheap ! Yall got mad money lol
  6. @furyzxzx [1 likes]: 25$ lmao
  7. @ciarafoster8138 [1 likes]: $25? Where’s Ellen
  8. @MEGIDIOT [1 likes]: $25...
  9. @Mike0908: He should have been guest co-host for a day. He was great.
  10. @AshleyOwensSunshine: Hi
  11. @JacobMelton-i4t: With mind your  own Business  instead  of being put out with out a Key Sorce?😮😢
  12. @JacobMelton-i4t: 5 thought it was 4 in +🎉😅😮
  13. @Desi-zz4gb: I miss this show so much 😂
  14. @TalibahHeaden: Toni, he did that👍
  15. @antoinetteconley5644: Love this video, Damn he was good,, love how happy he made the hosts this is my favorite episodes
  16. @angelamarcinkevich9202: They need to bring it back on .This should not have ended .
  17. @SilenttT-w5v: Its Tamera’s giggle and the way she said “coffee” for me
  18. @patsy2069: That was so cute
  19. @charlesjraverys240: Shes just a Lead and dont No whats up
Just emagening things in progress that cant Help its self? So Dp as pleased your way. Self!?😰😒😌
  20. @elleforchrist828: God loves everyone as his kids that are made in his image and his undying love for us made him favor us among all his creation and he sent his only begotten son to come on earth and die for us, pay our debt which was death because of our sins. If he died to save all of us and gift us the gift of salvation so going to heaven is even possible. The least we can do is live for him meaning dying to ourselves and being born again, turning from our sins and choosing him above it all. God wants your heart all of it, as broken as it may be allow him in your life and watch him change it. If you saw people walk in a house that is about to burn you would warn them right, I am here to warn everyone that time is ticking and tomorrow is really not promised Jesus will come back for judgment take his obedient children with him and the rest will forever burn in hell imagine a world where there is no end, time where would you want to end up. Be blessed

- 10 Proven Video Hooks to Grab Your Audience's Attention: Kind: captions Language: en Video hooks are an essential element of any successful video. They're the first thing viewers see and hear, and they set the tone for the rest of the content. So without further ado, let's dive into the list of the 10 best hooks the teaser hook. This type of hook is designed to create suspense and curiosity and gives viewers a taste of what's to come leaving them wanting more. To the question hook asking a question and your video hook is a great way to engage viewers and get them thinking. Three the statistic hook using a surprising or shocking statistic can grab viewers attention and make them want to keep watching to find out more for the emotional hook. This type of hook appeals to viewers emotions whether it's through a heartwarming story or a very dramatic message. Five the personal story hook. Sharing a personal story or experience can help viewers relate to your content and feel more connected to you. Six the humorous hook. If you're looking to lighten the mood and make viewers smile using a funny hook is a great way to do that. Seven The scenic cook showcasing beautiful or breathtaking visuals in your video hook can immediately capture viewers attention at the testimonial hook. Using a customer or expert testimonial as your video hook can add credibility and authenticity to your content. Nine the action hook if you're showcasing your product or service using an action hook that shows it and use can be very effective 10 This price hook. Do you want to keep viewers on their toes? Consider using a surprise hook that reveals something unexpected. So there you have it the 10 Best Video hooks we hope this lesson was helpful. Make sure to use at least one of these hooks in your next video. Thanks for watching and follow for more

  Top Comments:
  1. @mariyahchen [19 likes]: Killer insights on those hooks! Getting that perfect start is key, right? I’ve been messing with Boost App Social for my intros. It’s clutch for keeping things fresh without the hassle.
  2. @thedailyslicedesigner [1 likes]: Great video! Easy to follow and to the point. The video left me wanting to see videos of what these hooks looks like in reality. Maybe show videos of you using each one of the hooks?
  3. @pasimtaim1086 [1 likes]: where's the bait? 🪤
  4. @renenova8683 [1 likes]: Waste of time. Show examples
  5. @heaktola-c6s [1 likes]: Hello
  6. @Bray2cool1 [1 likes]: Dude give actual examples of hooks please. 

This video negatively serves your audience
  7. @niyonsengajeanclaude: Hello
  8. @LoveMindsetTH: would love to see some real-world examples applied to popular videos! Thanks for sharing your insights!
  9. @0HHHSC: Fast and straight to the point. Right on man 🤝🏼🤝🏼
  10. @SandraAdams-n2o: Really helpful breakdown of different hook types - would love to see some real-world examples applied to popular videos! Thanks for sharing your insights!
  11. @MentecattaTV: Make some examples
  12. @rodneyitaki: Thank you
  13. @OliverBennett-q6u6p: Your hook examples were on point. Already reworking my headlines — this stuff works!
  14. @Moneymodenow: Lazy video.
  15. @Amazia_fens: Great vid. to the point. No BS. Thanks. I don’t usually comment but after noticing too many negative comments, someone needs to speak up for the good work. Keep it coming!
  16. @manalacazu: no examples...
  17. @MustExploreVisuals: We came here for a reason and u did not deliver basically fluff
  18. @elizanwayiezeagucomedy: I love it.
  19. @safakc8220: Imagine taking hook ideas from 1.6k sub channel
  20. @MinhHuongNguyen-ns3jy: Thanks for sharing ❤

- Basically Tyler, the Creator's "IGOR" in 30 Seconds: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] big roll the dice

  Top Comments:
  1. @jaybomflame [1 likes]: carti waiting for that rent to be paid 😭
  2. @FloydMusicreview [1 likes]: “Engabadiro”is peak
  3. @Silliest_fox [1 likes]: The ENGABADIRO caught me so off guard I laughed like crazy
  4. @Cdawg27-m9c: Bro this ain’t even the actual lore gng🥀it’s just a animation of Tyler the creator Igor words mashed together
  5. @frankoceanfan999-o5z: the "thank you" was so accurate
  6. @BARTINKY: Oliver Tree eres tu?????
🗣️🔥🔥🔥
  7. @malaliseddiqi5102: June 2,2019
  8. @anniesteward3690: Enobadiro 😂
  9. @frstimalcolm: "*angelic noises*" fax ❤️‍🩹
  10. @zanedabane: 0:21  BUST THRU THE DOOR GET THE JOB DUN THANK YOU 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🗣️🗣️🗣️🗣️🗣️🗣️🗣️
  11. @Princifesso_11: The little ✨️ThAnK yOu✨️
Soooooooo cute
  12. @Somebodyathome: Bro forgot the part were Asap and TTC hug and cry for 12 hours
  13. @rains.hatred: 34
  14. @150-records-official: Scam, this is 34 seconds.
  15. @Hello.CopV567: 0:35
  16. @FornitebaII: His love is gone
  17. @10-Jlr7okp: End was fire
  18. @Magicwand788: Hope Tyler’s ok😂❤
  19. @Magicwand788: The thank was cuteee❤❤❤
  20. @0_-F4ntaZ-_0: 0:01 which song is this in??

- Fixing Her YouTube Video in 14 Minutes: Kind: captions Language: en Welcome to Creator Support, the channel where we answer your questions about the business of being a creator. Today, I want to introduce you to a creator named Liz Rose. She has 14,000 subscribers, makes videos about notion and web design, and sometimes her favorite books, and typically her videos get between 500 and 5,000 views. But this video of hers did over 100,000 views. So, Spotter Studio flew out a bunch of creators, including Liz, to workshop their ideas with us. and we used our framework from the YouTube growth playbook to implement three specific changes that completely changed the trajectory of this video. So, in this video, you're going to watch Colin and I workshop this video with Liz. We're going to work on the title, the thumbnail, and the first 30 seconds and show you these simple changes that can have outsiz impact on the viewership of your video. All right, Liz, welcome to creator support. >> That's exciting. Um, tell us >> I need all the support I can get. So, thank you. >> Tell us about your channel, what you make, and who the audience is. >> Yes. Right now, it's software and books, which I know is a little broad. Okay. >> And I need to niche down. And I'm in a transition period to focus solely on books. Okay. >> Because it's really what I love. >> Okay. Do I watch your video and then go read the book or I watch your video and I don't have to go read the book? >> I would say you don't have to read the book. Okay. or you decide out of all the books this one's like the best one or I want to look more into this specific book. >> So the audience is people who are trying to progress in their career or in their life but probably entrepreneurs, right? >> Yes. >> Self-driven entrepreneurs is the audience. >> It's kind of kind of in their 20s to 30s. >> Cool. All right. So let's talk about this. This is the thumbnail that you got from Spotter. Yes. I read every millionaire titled book. Here's what I learned. >> Yes. And the the title I feel like millionaire titled is a little weird. >> A little confusing. It's almost like you'd rather say what does that even mean? I read every book with millionaire in the title. >> Yeah. Or I've read every book about becoming a millionaire, >> something like that. So I do want to tweak that title a little bit. >> So it the the video is not necessarily about the books. It's about what you've learned about becoming a millionaire. >> Yes. And I found that there were three strategies. >> So you could take all the books and then put them into three different groups >> and they have three very unique strategies for making their money. >> Yeah. One of my concerns is if it's titled I read every book with millionaire in the title or something like that. That does not necessarily imply that what we're going to be breaking down is how to become a millionaire. >> I read every book about becoming a millionaire. Something like that. Does book even matter or is book just a character in the thumbnail? So like the the myths of becoming a millionaire or something >> like the in the Ali Abdal model would it be a list of like the seven myths about becoming a billionaire and this just shows we believe you because you read every book. >> Yes. Yeah. So you can see like that it's well researched. >> One of our, you know, things that we try and live inside of when it comes to title and thumbnail is trying to not repeat the title in the thumbnail or anything from the title in the thumbnail. So that's the interesting thing is I think where we're coming from here is like if we're going to say book here, do we need to say book here and if but this is a more compelling way to say book. So then let's get rid of book here. >> Yeah. Because you can obviously see I'm holding every millionaire book. So you don't necessarily need to say I read every millionaire book. So >> I have a question. What about I studied millionaires? >> That would be good. >> I analyzed. I studied. >> I obsessed. >> Oh, that would be good. >> That's kind of a more emotional obsessed about millionaires. I obsessed about becoming a millionaire. >> Here's what I learned. What I learned. >> Yeah. Yeah. >> Because that speaks to the person who's obsessed with it. >> Right. And and that's actually everybody. >> Yeah. >> Right. And and actually you're you're poking at a little emotion inside of me that's like I felt obsessed with money before >> at some point in your life. >> Yeah. So I love the concept of I obsessed over becoming a millionaire. >> And then you have all the books hold you held them up. >> Here's what I learned. >> That's very interesting. >> Here's what I learned. It's nice. And obsessed is a great word for that >> I obsessed over becoming a millionaire >> or about becoming a millionaire. >> Over. >> Obsessed over >> becoming a millionaire. And then you have the books in there so it's obvious you read all the books. >> How would you go about the intro to that video? Cuz I struggled with do I show all the books? Do I say the books? Do I just have them flash up? >> So in our world of hooks, so this is zero, this is 30 seconds, right? Mhm. >> The first thing that we want to do in the first 7 seconds, so from here to >> Such a short period of time, >> 7 seconds, confirm the click. >> But you can do that in a second. >> Mhm. >> Really? Right. When someone clicks in, they go, "Oh, there she is with those books." >> Yeah, the first line of VR. >> Or even like Yeah. Be obsessing over uh becoming a millionaire means you read every book. So in the first seven seconds, >> you saying there's 10,000 books with millionaire in the title. And while you're saying that, it's showing you reading them and looking through a bunch of them, >> all the B-roll and that kind of stuff. And you could also look up how many are being published every >> Oh, that's good. But these seven have the these seven are the most readal. >> People say these are the seven most trusted. >> Seven most. That's seven seconds. I confirm. Now I'm in the right place. This this woman is obsessing over becoming a millionaire. Yeah. >> Should we watch? You're going to hate Weekend. The Millionaire Fast Lane, Main Street Millionaire, Millionaire Mission, 12 months to 1 million, I will teach you to be rich and rich AF to figure out if there was some common strategy that these authors were using to become a million. >> So, yeah. The first thing is you actually, if you were to go with this hook, you haven't confirmed the click. >> Yeah, I just read the titles of >> You read the titles, >> which didn't do much. >> The thumbnail has you with the stack of >> Yeah. So, you already know I read them, so I don't need to say that. Well, this would make me believe that maybe you didn't read them cuz you have them in PNG form >> and you're not actually in a room with the like I want the books. I think you need to have them physically in your hand. >> Confirming the click means like literally the composition of this thumbnail is honest. >> So when I click into it, it's like you peek your head over, you know, and you're like there's 10,000 books and like I'm living in that thumbnail from a click, right? I'm like oh there she is. >> The girl from the thumbnail. Your thumbnail speaks to an Ali Abdoll audience. Plain and simple. Mhm. >> Somebody's watching all looks at that. So, their expectation is host on camera. >> Because that's the niche. >> So, I need to have the A- roll be me in front of the desk with the background. >> Well, it doesn't have to be exactly, but I'm just saying my expectation would be I'm introduced to the guide who's going to take me through this journey, which is you. >> So, not start out with animations and having the books. >> Yeah. I really believe the opening of this is telling how many books are currently published with >> the the word millionaire in the title and then zooming in on why these seven why did you choose these seven and out of those 10,000 books I chose these seven >> the next chapter here after 7 seconds like basically from here until about 25 seconds >> maybe 20 seconds we want to establish the video establish like what I'm going to Yeah. >> Right. So, it's like, are you going to teach you're going to teach me the three things, right? >> And within all these seven books, there's actually only three rules that I'm going to break down for you. >> Do I say the three rules right away? >> Absolutely not. Liz, >> I made a I made a bad mistake. >> And then I'm gone. Thank you very much, Liz. I got the three rules. >> You don't even need to watch my intro. Then we'll just tell us what we're going to get, which is the three rules, and you should try and make it personal. Now, this part of establishing the video, make it personal. Why? Why does this matter to you? For me, if I'm making this video, I'd be like, I grew up as a son of immigrants and money was always a discussion at the dinner table. >> But I never actually knew how to make it. I was always just scared of it. >> Yeah, that would be good. >> I was always scared of losing it. Something like that. Right. >> I have something in the video where I did double my net worth following one of the strategies. >> Oo. Okay. Wait. So at the end of your hook of those 30 seconds, you need to open a new >> loop, right? So a new gap of information that the audience didn't expect they were going to get when they clicked on your video. >> So that could be it. >> So at the end you're like, >> but what I didn't anticipate was that one of these books would lead me to a strategy that doubled my income. >> Yeah. And it's not the one you would expect to because it was like >> it was like, >> are you doing a script or telling us like in video? Well, I'm just like you think of >> but it's not what you think of like somebody creating a business and like selling digital products or something cool, but it's actually just 401k business. I mean just corporate employment. Just corporate employment 401k Roth. >> Yeah, but that's great. That's the end. It's like you can do it. >> Anyone can do it, but it's just like not the the clickbiest one. >> That's great. >> You know, >> that's fantastic. But that's that's what we want to live in in that is is 7 seconds, confirm the click, then establish the video, tell me what it's going to be like and why it's personal to you. And then by 30 seconds, very important is by 30 seconds there's a new open loop. So that means like but what you didn't expect and typically that starts with the word but. >> Okay, so we could use that one. >> But what you didn't expect is that one of these strategies already doubled my net worth and it's not the one you expect. All right, let's start with number one. Let's get started. See? Okay, taking notes here. >> Okay, let's get So, that was 17 seconds. So, you see what we're saying? Like, >> yeah, my intro is just horrendous after hearing >> I read million dollar week. Now, after reading all these millionaire books, I actually found three different strategies that they were using to get rich. And you can actually take each one of these books and group them into these individual tracks. So, in this video, we're going to break down each one of these three strategies. The first one being and what I'm calling the employed hacker. Now, this is where your income comes from a traditional nine-to-five job. >> Yeah, you're this is the kind of the end of the video, right? This is the end, right? >> You got to take me on a journey now. Take me on the journey that you went on. So, when I first opened this book, here's what I noticed, right? I want to know >> about the books at this point. Um, got you know because essentially once you're done with that process that we said of like confirming the click, establishing the video, >> introducing a new hook, >> now you're living in a world of questions and answers. Okay, that's what a story is. A story is posing a question and then giving me the answer. And you want to do that at disproportionate rates. Not exactly like question answer, question answer. It's kind of like question >> answer question answer, right? like you're you're kind of doing it a little differently, but you always want to watch your video and go, >> "Do I have any more questions?" >> And if the answer is no, the story is over. >> What is the burning question at this moment? >> A moment whenever you tell people it's the 401k, >> the video is over. >> The video is over. >> Gotcha. >> Because you introduce that question up top, right? And so what I meant by disproportionate level is you introduce a question, you don't answer it. >> That gets answered at the end of the video. >> Right. Yeah. >> And so you go question answer, question answer. But there has to be a looming question. >> Because otherwise if if a question gets answered, >> yeah, >> it's over. >> Okay. What do I do for like when I'm explaining a piece? So I have a financial model where I go through do this first, then do this, >> and then look at a 401k, Roth, and then you know, like so I'm explaining it. It's boringish. >> You know what's really good about this is like it can be a list, >> right? Okay. So, what I learned is there's 12 ways you should invest your money. >> So, my question is, what's number 12? And if you're on number two, I'm going to want to know what number 12 is, but you do need to move at a decent pace there. >> But what I'm saying is like you create mechanisms and graphics or lists like that >> that introduce questions and fill me up with a question, which is like, >> yeah, I don't know what all 12 of these things are. >> Gotcha. Give it to >> There's an order to how these need to work, too. Yeah. I just want to show you like something real quick that um Mark Robber is starting to do quite a bit. This is me on top of a speeding train. And this is me in a hot air balloon to answer some of the most debated science questions on the internet. For example, my hot air balloon pilot here says he can land me anywhere I want. And yet there's nothing here that resembles a steering wheel. Which begs the question, how do you actually steer these things? >> So we steer them. And now I'm on top of the train to learn once and for all why do you land in the same spot if you jump inside the train but not if you jump on top of the train. But I'm not stopping there >> because today we're going to investigate five more physics using simple things. So not only is this a list, this is like essentially a video game map, right, is what we kind of call it. It's like there's levels. >> So he's introduced a lot of questions. By the way, we are I actually don't know what the time stamp. We're 30 seconds in. Exactly. So, remember how we said at 30 seconds you're introducing a new loop. Yeah. This is his new loop. What you didn't know when you clicked on this video is I'm actually doing seven of these things. >> Right. And so, you you have a new >> Engineering puzzles using simple demonstrations as we go. Because our goal by the end of this video is not for you just to know the right answers, but more importantly for you to understand why they're the right answers. To kick things off, I've got a science riddle for you that most people >> What he didn't do is tell you what all seven experiments are. >> Yeah. He just had the little pictures >> just showed you that there are seven experiments he's gonna do and he this is a great hook to study. >> You know, this is a fantastic hook of those first 30 seconds he's doing a lot. He's asking you a lot of questions. >> He's giving you a sense of what this is going to be like. Making it personal also means show me your personality. I just got like I like this guy. If I've never heard of Mark Robbert, it's like this guy's kind of fun. >> He's interesting. He's got good personality. Then he shows me there's seven. I'm like cool. I'm in. I get it now. I get the framework of this video. Yeah. >> So, that's how I would estab like those first 30 seconds are going to dictate the rest of the video. >> Um, but that's that's what I would got. And study kind of this open loop concept. >> Oh, yeah. Yeah. >> Yeah. I think I need to watch more videos. >> That's good. Spend time watching YouTube. That will teach you. It will teach you so much. >> So, these same lessons that we used to help Liz with her video come straight from our new course, the YouTube growth playbook. If you want to check that out, the link is in the description or you can go to colinsmeir.com/playbook. Thanks for watching. Make sure you subscribe for more creator support and send us a question if you want to be featured on the channel. If you're still here and you liked this video, then check out this video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @lizrowe [378 likes]: Amazing session! Glad I re-did my video to show that these tips really do work! 🙌🏼🥳
  2. @melvinjisieike7889 [1 likes]: If CTR is an issue, I’m building a tool that creates thumbnails and A/B tests them (AI + humans) before posting.
Want to test one free?
  3. @lostkhaz: Damn these guys are experts
  4. @BaroEnglish9183: Thanks for this useful content.
  5. @DesignedByWil: I'd love to hop on this show lowkey.
  6. @philosophyofreligion: I think the biggest problem with her videos is the monotone voice. No up and down. No surprises. Everything is in sequence. Image how boring a movie would be if it was filmed that way. I mean this as constructive criticism only.
  7. @apoetandhisdiary: Two videos in, I am hooked.
  8. @FreshSqueezedLightning: Colin and Samir you guys always kill it! Awesome video!
  9. @RedDirtTruth: 7:31 🤣🤣🤣🤣 Certainly not
  10. @RedDirtTruth: yooooooooooooo❤‍🔥❤‍🔥❤‍🔥❤‍🔥❤‍🔥 i cant believe i just came across this chanel and Collins and Samir. love it
  11. @cyndiduncanarts6367: I prefer these videos about smaller creators. Their struggles are closer to my own.
  12. @stephtonneson: Hi Colin and Samir, as a creator and social media manager, absolutely love this video - and especially love to see a normal person instead of a huge creator. I LOVE and heavily consume content breakdowns with huge creators, but it's so nice to kind of see myself represented in a way. and i love the real-world application of your knowledge to storytelling that are in the same realm as me, as opposed to creators who have teams / are doing crazy challenges, etc. etc. THANK YOU!
  13. @jonstuartjon3: I am finding this obscenely helpful. Thank you
  14. @yellowmaker: 7:33 made me laugh the way c&s reacted, priceless 😂😂😂
  15. @warmcoolretro: This is a fun workshop. I’m curious is she re uploaded the video after?
  16. @JustinHatcherillustrates: First 7 seconds: "Welcome to Creator Support, the channel where we answer your questions about the business of being a creator. Today... (Confirm Click)"
Next 20: This is Liz, a small creator (personal. Viewer thinks "hey she's like me")
Last 3 seconds: BUT this video got her 10x views

You guys are scientists! Love it!
  17. @siberiate: I literally learned more watching this video than the past 8 years watching other tutorials. 🤯
  18. @pjtv69: such a good conversation !! love it !
  19. @nikita.trukhanov: One of the best brainstorm YouTube videos for sure
  20. @LazyDIY-THRIFT: I don't do talking head videos. This is great info, but I really struggle with how to apply it to my videos. The audience in my niche really hates the obviousness of these strategies, as I've learned. Can you do some for thrift with me type videos pretty please? What used to work really well isn't working anymore. I feel completely lost from creating titles to formatting my content to tags and keywords. I'm drowning!! Thank you!!!

- Basically Tyler, the Creator's "FLOWER BOY" in 30 Seconds: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] i ain't got time i'm still hungry

  Top Comments:
  1. @onlysmallbites [4600 likes]: alright campers! if this video gets 20k likes, IGOR is officially on the table!
  2. @Warrenposes [1 likes]: 0:22 I AINT GOT TIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIME
  3. @OlguinGoldis [1 likes]: Like if your a fan of flower boy
  4. @KeroKeroGrips12 [1 likes]: 0:29 now he got his fuckin face blown off. That’s how they found him…
  5. @dylives7667: It do be like that sometimes.
  6. @wheresthefunny2009: 0:08 what is that face
  7. @sven894: Basically, Tyler the Creator's "POTHOLE" In 30 seconds
  8. @VirtualDefender: Flower boy? 
Im flawed
Im flawed that i always be, this misery. 
This chilly feelings creeping low. 
This house of memories are still taunting ME! 
Lushful Prison, what else could i do? 
A growing flower with no place to RUN. 
A carnation, I choose over you. 
Dead but, still GOLDEN after all have YOU done. 
For a better LIFE. 
You took my own LIFE. 
A LIFE that still had a sunshine... 
Place down the Rose, and rest in the grave... 
I know theres always be a better NAME! 
It hurts so much... 
You are the, ButterFly, and Im the PARASITEEEE. 
But at night vultures fly 
Pass your BLIND EYE.
  9. @malaliseddiqi5102: May 14,2019
  10. @goobors: 0:27 looks like me lol
  11. @ZARIFILMZYT: he’s still hungry guys
  12. @Y40I_R34D3R: I lost my 20/20/20 vision watching this
  13. @MutantManSteel: should've used the "how many cars can i have till i run out of road" on the car crash
  14. @ghdv-21: i can imagine my friend telling me that he's hungry, go to the bakery, spit out the pie, jump back in the car, getting pursuit with the police, him accidentally running over a pothole to get us into a car accident, get in an ambulance, and then he tells me that he's still hungry
  15. @GladiatorAJ: imagine he commented saying “yo this shi gas”
  16. @ColtonLatham-t1s: We’res chromikopia
  17. @KeroKeroGrips12: 0:08 😊
  18. @hpaarlil: 0:26  i love how theres just colossus in the background
  19. @egeygt: Cool now make bastard
  20. @Canned_Bread0: 0:07 bro didn’t even get his sugar honey ice tea 😭🙏

- TempleOS in 100 Seconds: Kind: captions Language: en temple os an open source 64-bit operating system designed to be the third temple prophesized by the bible it was created in 2005 by terry davis an exceptionally talented programmer diagnosed with schizophrenia he wrote the entire operating system himself at his parents house in las vegas which included a bootloader kernel window manager 3d graphics library and multiple games all powered by his own compiler and custom programming language called holy c amazingly it all fits in under 100 000 lines of code at 1.4 megabytes just as god intended he believed he was god's chosen programmer and implemented features described as a modern day way of speaking in tongues it renders graphics at 640x480 resolution limited to only 16 colors the underlying language holy c resembles c or c plus plus but has functions that can be invoked without parentheses or arguments and uses just in time compilation which means it doubles as a shell language that can be executed directly from the terminal unlike other operating systems like linux or windows it's ring zero only which means everything happens directly in the kernel including user programs you have complete control over the operating system source code and hardware that may not seem very safe but it's the way it is because it's fun to get started you'll first want to download the iso file from the temple os website from there use a tool like virtualbox configured for a 64-bit operating system that boots this file on startup it creates a single immortal task named adam it's the father of every other task just like in the book of genesis it can also take advantage of multiple cpu cores where each core gets its own immortal set task once inside you can take the tour or immediately start speaking in tongues by hitting f7 which generates a pseudo-random word from god you can also have god draw you a picture with shift f6 to perform a god doodle that was fun but now use ctrl m to open up the personal menu from here you'll find a huge variety of games like 3d first person shooters 2d strategy games and simulations like after egypt where you play the role of moses and also has utilities to manage your finances and make music remember this is all made possible by a custom graphics library if you're not happy with the way it works simply open up the source code make some modifications and holy c reboot and enjoy every line of code is right at your fingertips thanks to the red sea file system the end result is one of the most complex pieces of software ever written by a solo developer but there's a lot more to this story and sadly terry davis passed away in 2018 at the age of 48. he was both a highly controversial internet personality and genius programmer this has been temple os in 100 seconds hit the like button if you want to see more weird videos like this thanks for watching and i will see you in the next one

  Top Comments:
  1. @davidmoore4502 [1 likes]: Activision would get this to 150GBs minimum
  2. @BinaryCreatures [1 likes]: he is so op and then god nerf him
  3. @JA-sk1ix: "TempleOS in 100 Seconds"

152 second video
  4. @cumradej: If it was Terry Davis with templeOS in 2018, there would literally be no difference


So yes I’d sit with him
  5. @tiusb: For people like Terry, working with other juniors or seniors is an immense stress in itself. The very act of thinking about what to say and how to say it to them causes significant stress.
  6. @EdTrollington: They glow, Terry vibes.
  7. @jonastm5334: i can confirm - 100% chosen by a GOD :)
  8. @GrillzFM: This system reminds me those weird dreams
  9. @dominickmakaveli: This guy was genius
  10. @mohnjarx7801: Is that Leonardo Dicaprio as Moses?
  11. @andrewyellstrom2585: Weird channel but I love it. Temple OS will always be an amazing moment in programming history. What a legend. Reminds me of killdozer.
  12. @Xenon_XTH: We currently have a cozy "indie" game made by a fraud, and we had this ancient independent Operating System that is made by and made for religious people.
  13. @PaulPetrov-t7b: he was a white man, he wrote his own complier
  14. @INV8STUDIOS: Ew Schizophrenia, they are all good and cool before they go Manic, so best chain them up before they evolve.
  15. @Somedude-he1gv: Good video but not explained in 100 seconds
  16. @lpkpoficial: Has a FPS inside a OS created to be like a God's Temple is a perfect irony
  17. @QUACK.1312: I actually cry watching this or anything related... fking legend ... and sad story
  18. @DannysMyNanny: I am not religious, but if God really does exist and has a “Chosen Programmer” it’s definitely Terry Davis! No one else!
  19. @DevOpsiFied: it is still much much better than windows ....
  20. @Seb_435: What if he actually heard God’s voice, would be a joke 😅

- Change FOV + Skip Intro TUTORIAL - Gears of War Reloaded (PC ONLY) read desc.: Kind: captions Language: en All right, here's how to change the FOV in Gears of War reloaded. First thing you want to do is download Notepad++. I'll leave a link in the description. Go to download. Download the latest version. Click the big green download button. Then open it up. Click yes. Then okay. Next. I agree. Next. Next. Install. You click finish and you close out of it. Then you want to go to your PC local disc C. Then you want to go to Xbox game Gears of War Reloaded content war game config Windows GDK cooked and then there's going to be a file called coles. What you want to do is edit with notepad++ and then hit ctrlf and I'll leave this in the description as well. You want to go where it says warfare.war camera mode_default. That is going to be your normal FOV. So when you are just walking around, you can change it all the way up to 99, but anything past that will crash the game. You can change your targeting as well, which is going to be when you aim in your gun. You want to have it at least in the range of 10 below whatever FOV that you had before. If you have 90, you want to put it at 80. Then when you're done editing, all you want to do is hit file and then save. And that's all you have to do. You're done editing your FOV. Once you load up the game and you get into another multiplayer match, your new FOV will take place. Like I said once again, above 99 will crash your game. So do not do that. To skip the intro movies, as soon as you start up the game, go into the same war game file, except this time go into movies, Ctrl+F, type in Epic. Epic logo.b will show up. All you have to do is rightclick it, rename, and put dash skip right beside epic logo. Don't delete the file. Just do that. Then now once you're done, go back, Ctrl + F one more time. Then do MGS. You'll see MGS logo. Do the same exact thing. Rightclick, rename, dash skip. Done. Then one last thing, scroll all the way to the bottom. You should see four files. Splash screen, startup, the coalition logo, and UE3 animated logo. Do the same as previously and just put rename them dash skip for all these. Then as soon as you start up the game, you should have no intro movies and you go straight to the main menu.

  Top Comments:
  1. @QuornPaul [18 likes]: Finally someone made a video about this. Above 99 is possible if you put a single space after the value and delete the blank line underneath. Apparently the game checks for the character amount in the ini when you boot and crashes if there is a mismatch
  2. @katisuu [1 likes]: This is cheating hope you all get banned
  3. @neosaber4: after i press controll f how do i trigger the nexr window to  change settings ?
  4. @flashalliance: The space delete mod worked for default and roadie... I'm guessing the highest you can get target, cover, and grenade is 99?
  5. @ScottRobins-l7s: Does this still work?
  6. @YautjaElite: [WarfareGame.WarCam_Targeting] doesn't change anything unfortunately. Still the huge shoulder zoom while aiming.
  7. @EssAmarok: Go figure pc players ruining the game to give themselves more advantages then they already have over console players..nice good job bud🤦‍♂️
  8. @Pigsy255: Worked - thx man!
  9. @BoxingEncyclopedia: Does this still work?
  10. @BoxingEncyclopedia: But will it let you start the game if you do that??
  11. @CHEAPAMAFAN: Do you know how to find Xboxgames on my pc??
  12. @RReactives: Pc kids zzzz and yall are still shit with these cheats 🤣
  13. @BleachKTA: does this still work? didnt work when i load the game up it is 80fov
  14. @2jzruy999: when i jump into a match the game shuts down, all the parameters are under the safe zone uu
  15. @theloanranger2632: Steam launcher prevents me from launching with FOV changes :(
🥲
  16. @LetsGoPepper: What FOV do you use for the run? cuz with the settings you show my FOV goes back to normal when i sprint, which option is the sprint FOV? what value do you recommend?
  17. @GFTBlack3648: OK, so I’m confused. I have all my stuff 90 and it’s still crashing what do I even do to stop the crashing
  18. @BackOut: appreciate you
  19. @feerfps: mate u know if we can turn off the roll? its sad when im trying to wallbounce and my character jump
  20. @bviccc: Have you tried editing like gnasher spread or anything realted for gnasher??

- Official Opening Credits: Game of Thrones (HBO): Kind: captions Language: en [Music] you

  Top Comments:
  1. @samucalz [7 likes]: The world was a much better place when GoT was on (2011-2019)
  2. @Glownyszef [2 likes]: Reminds me of a time when I actually wanted to live my life and looked forward to things. This show's finale cured me of that, though.
  3. @StarvvR [2 likes]: Todays CGI and VFX can't Replace This Type Of Shows.
  4. @jackf.clarke8167 [2 likes]: !!!⚔️CONQUEST⚔️!!!
  5. @marcuscarino3583 [2 likes]: Park We (WERACLE)
  6. @GoldenAegon [1 likes]: Bring back Ramin Djawadi to Aegon conquest’s movie
  7. @geminoirs [1 likes]: the North remembers
  8. @AngelDavid01 [1 likes]: COMO TE EXTRAÑO DIOS MIO, QUE TE HICIERON ESOS HDP EN LA ÚLTIMA TEMPORADA
  9. @JimiMills-t6m3b [1 likes]: "Dragons are anti-Semitic" .. Obviously!!
  10. @thunderkracke1550 [1 likes]: Season 1 opening had that feeling of dread, you knew someone's getting hurt but you had to see it, everything was new and exciting, but after 4 it just turned to shit, guess they set the bar too high too early, still one of the best openings of all time.
  11. @JosephBrandon-b4f [1 likes]: Way better https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yjvEdXDYgY4&pp=ygUcZ2FtZSBvZiB0aHJvbmVzIGludHJvIHBhcm9keQ%3D%3D
  12. @EvolvedbyEbuka [1 likes]: ❤❤❤
  13. @TanvirHasan-wd1xk [1 likes]: Pure nostalgia 💗💗
  14. @vibevoyager-h2z [1 likes]: Anyone in 2078 May 😊
  15. @ericbana191: Winds of Winter is coming in 2027
  16. @ojosola6691: I'm still having goosebumps listening to this 😮
  17. @rizonisfinallyback: This is the reason why i speaked for the first time
  18. @mfirman6067: My Lord...............
  19. @Jet_Blac: House Jet Blac reporting in
  20. @ShadabHabibKhan: Missed the old days...

Never ever will be another got, harry potter , classic spider man lotr and many more....

Now a days everything is crap..

- how to make a killer youtube intro (to blow up your channel): Kind: captions Language: en this is how to make a killer YouTube intro to blow up your Channel watch closely because many creators got their big break from a single video going viral and while your next video could be the one that blows up your Channel all of its potential could be wasted on the first 20 seconds but what makes a good YouTube intro what do these successful creators know that we don't the best YouTube intros follow four simple steps in this video we'll walk you through them all the first step is the one that is by far the most important and yet also the most overlooked you could have the funniest most beautiful most perfect video in the world but if no one clicks on it in the first place no one will ever see it which is why step one of making a killer YouTube intro is to nail your title and thumbnail most of us come up with a video idea script the video film The Video Edit the video upload the video think oh yeah I need a title and thumbnail and then slap something together and hit publish this is a self-centered way to approach YouTube you're thinking like you not like your audience your audience doesn't see your funny a beautiful perfect video all your audiencies is a title and thumbnail and if they're not interested in the TNT no matter how good your video is they won't watch it your video won't blow up and your channel won't blow up oof instead to make a truly killer YouTube intro take the time to craft a compelling intriguing TNT first because your video's intro has one purpose and one purpose only to meet and exceed the expectations set by your title and thumbnail and recently Mr Beast confirmed the exact same thing with coffeezilla essentially your title and thumbnails set expectations and at the very beginning of the video to minimize drop off you want to assure them that those expectations are being met you can't meet the exploitation set by your title and thumbnail if you don't have a title and thumbnail in the first place finalizing your TNT may take days or even weeks but it's worth taking the time to get it right because like Mr Beast is fond of saying people don't click they don't watch after you're 90 confident you have a TNT people will click on you're ready to move on to the most crucial part of your entire video the first five seconds this is the part of your video that sees the biggest drop off but if you can improve attention in these first five seconds you will by default improve the retention of the entire video to do this the most successful YouTubers apply a two-step formula into the first five seconds of each of their videos first their first sentence matches their title and second their first shot matches their thumbnail let's take a look at an example check out the title and thumbnail for this video from Mark Rober in the thumbnail there's an egg held above Earth on this black Rod the primary colors are blue white and black the title of the video is egg drop from space now let's take a look at the first five seconds of the video this is face and this is an egg moments before I attempted the world's highest egg drop did you catch it the very first shot practically matches the thumbnail there's an egg held above Earth on a black rod and the primary colors are blue white and black and Mark's first sentence this is space and this is an egg moments before I attempted the world's highest egg drop very closely matches this title Mark Rober isn't the only YouTuber to utilize this formula top YouTubers like Mr Beast Mr who's the boss and Michelle carray all do the same thing to meet the thumbnail your first five seconds don't have to match your TNT word for word and pixel for Pixel but it should be close enough to assure your viewers that your TNT wasn't clickbait and that they will receive what they clicked for speaking of clicking things now would be a good time to well you know the rest after you have your first five seconds planned out you can move on to the rest of your intro and this is where it gets interesting intro length is something that varies between YouTubers Mr Beast keeps his intros at 25 seconds or less Mark Rober has intros up to 45 seconds long and Mr who's the boss likes to keep his intros under 10 seconds but regardless of intro length the best creators in the world follow the same structures in each of their intros after meeting the exploitation set by the title and thumbnail in the first five seconds they use the rest of their intro to create create one or more curiosity gaps provide the relevant context and setup and leverage input bias to see each of these components in action let's take a look at Mark rober's Egg Drop Intro after matching his title and thumbnail Mark creates his first curiosity Gap this is space and this is an egg moments before I attempted the world's highest egg drop by mentioning that this shot was taken moments before he attempted the world's highest egg drop Mark opens a loop will he achieve the world record or will he fail as humans our brains are wired to Crave closure when open Loops like will he get the world record or introduced our brains go wow I could really use some closure right now and it prom says to stick around and get answers an unclosed Loop doesn't have to be a big mystery it can be as simple as promising a three-step formula because we'll want to know what the three steps are orb learn something out because you'll want to see what's behind the blur either way to grip your viewers attention and send identifies them to keep watching create curiosity gaps so we're five seconds in and Mark has already matched the expectations set from the title and thumbnail and created a curiosity Gap he's off to a phenomenal start now it's time to provide context now in an egg drop competition in case you never had the chance to do it yourself in school the goal is to build a contraption that can protect a raw egg from breaking when dropped from the tallest type possible so my original plan was to drop an egg in a Contraption I built from the world's tallest building but humans are always building taller buildings so if I really wanted to Future proof this record I realized I would need to go all the way to the top and straight to outer space at this point we've met the excitation set by the title and thumbnail we've created a curiosity Gap and we've provided context into what an egg drop is in the first place and why in the world he's doing one from space this alone could be the basis of a good YouTube intro but the best YouTube intros don't just meet the expectations set by the tunnel on thumbnail they exceed those expectations and to do that they leveraged something called input bias which is the idea that the more effort we put into something whether that be time or energy or cost the more we'll value it as an example of input bias if we pay 50 for a bottle of wine we'll value that more than if we paid twenty dollars for that same bottle of wine watch how Mark leverages input bias and the rest of his intro here and when I started on this journey three years ago I knew if I could draw my experience of Landing stuff on other planets I would be guaranteed the record but what I didn't know is this would be the most physically financially and mentally draining video I would ever attend this is how Mark not only meets the expectation that he'll drop an egg from space but exceeds that expectation by showing just how much work was put into his video he specifically mentions that the journey took three years and that it was the most physically financially and mentally draining video he would ever attempt as a result you as a viewer value the video more more and thus are more likely to continue watching and if you're a smaller YouTuber who's not yet making the big bucks don't worry you don't need to go to space in order to trigger input bias all you need to do is show how much effort you put into your video maybe it's by the high level of editing maybe it's by mentioning that you spent seven days straight researching for the video or you did something few others would be willing to do whatever it is make sure you get it across early the sooner you show the effort you put into your video the sooner people will value your video and thus the more likely they are to stick around and not click away so you're meeting the expectations set by your title and thumbnail and you're creating curiosity gaps providing context and leveraging input bias the ingredients for your killer YouTube intro to blow up your channel are all there but it's how you put them together that takes an intro from just okay to truly killer when it comes to the final construction of your intro the biggest thing to keep in mind is to not just tell your viewers it's going on but show it happening but the adoption of YouTube's auto play feature is not uncommon for someone to view a video's intro without sound so to pique a viewer's interest and keep them watching your intro should be captivating enough to draw someone in even if they don't hear a thing when Mark Rober provides context about what an egg drop is he's not just sitting at a desk telling him about it he's showing you examples and when Mr Beast lists the events in his version of the Olympics he shows clips of each one killer intros don't just tell you what's going on they show it happening so as you plan your intro go through your script and write down what visuals can be used to show what you're talking about these notes will become part of your shot list helping you capture the right footage or create the right visuals to hook your viewers from the very beginning and when it comes time to edit together the different shots and visuals you've created for your intro pacing is crucial because when you're watching a YouTube video Once you enter full screen mode your pretty much in the decision to watch the video has been made but in the 20 seconds before you click that button you're subject to a lot of distractions so to keep their viewers locked in the most successful YouTubers front load their stimulus by increasing the pace of their Clips visuals and camera angles during the very beginning of their video in his intros Mr Beast changes visuals every 1.4 seconds Mark Rober changes visuals every 1.6 seconds how do you know if your intro is the proper pacing watch your intro again and again and again watch your intro in a noisy environment watch her intro with no sound get your seven-year-old cousin to watch it if you don't have a seven-year-old cousin borrow one if you or these seven-year-old you stole Look Away get distracted by a loud noise or look at your phone you can expect everyone else to as well go back to those sections and make changes or cut them out completely I know this may seem like a lot of work to put in for 20 seconds segment in a video and it may feel hard so if there's anything you should take away for how to make a killer YouTube intro to blow up your channel it's make your title and thumbnail first use the first five seconds to match the expectations set by your TNT use a rest of the intro to create curiosity gaps provide context and leverage input bias in front of the stimulus while you show don't tell if it's helpful you can even download this visual as a reference for every intro you make I'll put a link to download it for free below take your time to get these things right and you will see better results and in the meantime learn to love the process this whole YouTube thing is hard there are going to be videos that we pour our hearts and souls into that just never take off and they're going to be videos that we just throw out there that for some reason get picked up by the algorithm it's enough to drive you crazy but if you're crazy enough to stick with it you don't have to wait for some future arbitrary subscriber count you're already a success right now the subscriber count it'll come later it's just a matter of time if you like this video and you want more YouTube breakdowns like these hit that subscribe button and smash that thumbs up otherwise thank you so much for watching and I will see you in the next video [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @aGameScout [2400 likes]: This video genuinely helped me.  When I first saw this video last week, I was ~2 days away from uploading a video I had spent probably 100+ hours on, more than any other video on my channel.  After watching this, I realized my intro was not good at all.  The line where you talked about how people know how much work their own videos are, but their audience doesn't, so the intro has to sell them on it, really resonated.  At the last moment I brainstormed a new thumbnail/title/intro combo following a lot of what you described in this video, and it turned out to be a 1/10 and have the highest audience retention at the 30 second mark I've ever had.  So thank you!
  2. @Joao-f2m [1 likes]: Depois que o cara tem uma ideia de levar um ovo pro espaço ele não precisa gancho introdução, rentenção kkk so só postar de qualquer jeito e já era
  3. @El_GrimReaper [1 likes]: What a dog water video with no specifics, just a bunch of generic questions answered that never point to teaching people how to differentiate yourself from others in this space
  4. @aprendese: You are the best 💯
  5. @Liz-o4j4h: Thank you! I’m new YouTuber just uploaded 2 videos so far. I’m new to everything I’m so thankful this tips. I’ll help me along.
  6. @Chapters12123: I am still lost at video intros thanks for the info i will get to work now
  7. @EpicJayDigital: This was the most helpful YouTube how to video I have seen thus far. Thank you for all your effort!  PS, that🍿l@@ked yummy!
  8. @choppergirl: Creating content for Youtube that doesn't pay anybody any money at all for any video uploads at all, ever... not a business model.
Nobody pays to watch video here and nobody buys anything from ads.   Nobody has, you haven't, I haven't, nobody ever will.  
No money going in, means no money coming out to pay anyone.
  9. @Vegan_Vlogs: Shame that these videos never apply to vlog channels
  10. @okmasonlol: Really liked how this video keeps things simple and actually usable—no overcomplication, just straight clarity. Feels like something you can genuinely apply instead of just watching and moving on 👍
  11. @tofusoup83: Really liked how this video explains things in a simple, no-nonsense way—feels practical instead of just motivational talk. The way you broke it down makes it easier to actually apply, not just watch and move on 👍
  12. @cabilbrey97: Small youtuber  here lets gather
  13. @PoppyteeResearch: Great video! I just heard you on the YouTube Creators Hub podcast and found your channel. I'm just getting started with my channel. I was curious as to what program you use to edit and the specs of the computer you use to edit (RAM, SSD capacity, external memory size, etc.). Keep up the good work. I'll be binging on all your videos.
  14. @Smileyla420k: ❤
  15. @LearningChannel-s7p: How do you think this would work best for a book content creator
  16. @tuduydanloixinchao: Let’s be honest… YouTube is basically a thumbnail competition now.
  17. @melonieburton5966: I want to create a fun intro to use and apply to all of my similar videos going forward. What online tools do you recommend? I have not created my first video yet, but does the YouTube channel application have the tools I need to create my intro? Or will I need to go outside of the YouTube app and use other tools?
  18. @dannydunzo1275: Yo no lie, I had like a few hundred (with an occasional thousand) per video, and my last 2 videos have about 10k total. THANKS
  19. @WithEsme: Like I’m hearing everything but I can’t execute . I overthink it too much😭 I just end up telling myself “it’s okay it’s just for fun anyway”
  20. @game_official1776: To do the tricks while explaining what they are is a next level flex 💪

- how to make an EVEN MORE killer youtube intro (to blow up your channel): Kind: captions Language: en This is a video timeline, and this tiny section might be the reason your channel hasn't blown up yet. It's called the intro, and it's where most creators typically lose up to 50% of their viewers. So, how can you get people to stay? 2 years ago, I answered that question with a viral four-step system that helped thousands of creators actually get results. But YouTube's had some pretty big changes since then. And while many of the core principles still hold true today, I've learned some new tricks. So, this is the updated four-step formula for making a killer YouTube intro to blow up your channel. And it all starts with step one, defining your plot promise. You see, your title and thumbnail don't just make people click. They also set expectations or make promises for the kind of video your viewer is about to get. And in our intros, there's one promise we need to focus on keeping above all else. the plot promise or the promise of what the video is going to be about. In this video from Michelle Karee, the plot promise is a video about her attempting to race Formula 1 cars. In this video from MKBHD, the plot promise is a video about his opinions on the iPhone 16. Pretty straightforward, right? But here's the problem. We can't meet the plot promise in our intro if we haven't clearly defined what plot promise we want to make in the first place. Now, it's not groundbreaking information to say that your video's title and thumbnail or TNT are incredibly important. If people don't click on your video, they won't watch your video. And all the time you spend scripting, filming, spiraling about your video quality and editing goes straight down the drain. So, naturally, when it comes to packaging our beloved video into a title and thumbnail, we want to present it in a way that is as clickable as possible. Take science YouTuber Mark Robber. Mark wanted to make a video answering some interesting engineering related questions. Now, he could have titled his video something like, "I answered seven engineering questions, pairing it with a thumbnail like this." That TNT would have been accurate, but it's not exactly clickable, at least not for anyone who isn't already an engineering enthusiast. Compare that to the TNT he actually used. Testing what happens if you jump on a moving train with this thumbnail. Suddenly, we're met with a highstakes stunt that anyone would want to click on, regardless of how much they care about engineering. Now, this is supposed to be a video about YouTube intros. So, why the heck are we spending so much time talking about titles and thumbnails? Well, depending on what you do with your TNT, the plot promise you set up will be different, which means that your intro is going to change, too. And in a world where our TNT and our intro are closely linked, the last thing you want to do is make your intro first and then get locked into a TNT premise that people won't click on. Instead, start with the most clickable version of your title and thumbnail. Use that to define your plot promise and then build out your intro to match that promise. Which brings us to step two in the formula to make a killer YouTube intro, your first 5 seconds. Because the very beginning of your video has one job and one job only, to meet the plot promise set by the title and thumbnail. Let me show you what I mean. Going back to Mark's video, his title and thumbnail lead us to expect a video about him attempting to jump on a moving train and seeing what happens. Now, imagine after seeing this TNT, becoming interested, and deciding to click on it, you are met with this. >> Today, we're going to investigate five physics and engineering puzzles using simple demonstrations as we go. you'd be confused, right? That's not what you clicked for. This confusion causes people to click away because they assume that they're being click baited. So, to minimize drop off from the very get-go, your first 5 seconds need to assure viewers that they are going to get what they clicked for. And while there are a few different ways you can do this, one of the simplest and most effective ways is by saying the subject of your title and showing the subject of your thumbnail within the first 5 seconds. Let's see how Mark Robber applies this formula in the very beginning of his video about jumping on a moving train. >> This is me on top of a speeding train and this is me in a hot air balloon to answer some of the most debated science questions on the internet. >> That was quick. But what did we just experience? Well, verbally he says he's on top of a speeding train, which fulfills the plot promise audibly. And on screen he shows himself on top of a speeding train, which fulfills the plot promise visually. As a result, from the moment we click in, we immediately feel confident that we're going to get what we were promised. And between saying and showing, the latter is more important now than ever before. Because ever since the adoption of the autoplay feature, more and more viewers are hovering over videos before clicking, using the silent preview to decide whether or not the video is worth watching. And if you rely solely on the verbal script to fulfill your plot promise, well, see for yourself. Here's an old video from productivity YouTuber Ali Abdal. Let's hover over the video and see what autoplays. Without the title, we'd have no idea what this video is about. For all we know, he could be about to break into an interpretive dance. And even with the title, there's no visual clue that he's talking about websites. No indication that he's going to cover the value that we're interested in. Let's compare that to a newer video of his. Even without sound, we still get a sense of what the video is about. There are books on screen. There are different categories being introduced. We're getting all that in only 5 seconds without a single word being said. So, while your first 5 seconds don't have to match your title and thumbnail word for word and pixel for pixel, just make sure they're close enough to assure your viewers that your TNT wasn't clickbait and that they will receive what they clicked for. And speaking of clicking things, now would be a great time to well, you know, the rest. After you have your first 5 seconds planned out, you're ready to move on to the rest of your intro. And this is where things start to get a little tricky because no matter what niche you're in, the rest of your intro should contain the same three core ingredients. Any necessary context and setup, at least one curiosity app, and your unique service proposition. We'll get to that in a bit. These three ingredients can show up in any order, but they all need to be there, and they all need to be there fast. You see, there is this metric I like to use called time to value. Essentially, after a viewer clicks on a video, how long does it take until they receive some of the value they clicked for? In the Ali Abdoll example we looked at before, how long does it take until he mentions the first book? In this video that you're watching right now, how long does it take until you receive the first tangible piece of intro information? The longer the time to value, the more impatient the viewer becomes. The more likely they are to just click off. And the number one culprit behind a bloated time to value, too much context. Now, don't get me wrong, context is important. It sets up the what of your video and often the why behind it, bring your viewer up to speed so they can better appreciate the rest of your video. But if you frontload all of your context all at once, all at the very beginning of your video, you risk losing your viewers before they ever get hooked. So to avoid this, the best creators in the world are masters of establishing just enough context to get their viewers to care, filling in additional information as needed later on in their video. Let's return to Mark Robber's video to see how he does this. >> This is me on top of a speeding train, >> In just one sentence, Marcus established the purpose behind why he's taking on these stunts to begin with, to answer highly debated science questions. That's all the context we need to get on board. So consider what information you truly need the viewer to know from the very beginning. What's the minimum amount of context you can provide to get the viewer to care? Be ruthless with your edits. Because when it comes to length, the most effective intros are only 45 seconds long or less. And we haven't even gotten to the most important intro ingredient of them all. Curiosity gaps. A curiosity gap is the gap between what we currently know and what we want to know. It's one of the most powerful drivers of human behavior. Because as humans, our brains are biologically wired to crave closure. But so when we're presented with an unanswered question or an unfinished story, it creates this mental itch. And the only way to scratch that itch is to stick around to get the answer. As a result, creating strong curiosity gaps in your intro is one of the single most effective ways to increase a video's retention. introducing questions that can only be resolved by watching the rest of the video. Let's watch the rest of Mark River's intros to see how he opens not one, not two, but three different curiosity gaps in the span of just 36 seconds. See if you can spot them. >> For example, my hot air balloon pilot here says he can land me anywhere I want. And yet, there's nothing here that resembles a steering wheel, which begs the question, how do you actually steer these things? >> So, we steer. And now I'm on top of the train to learn once and for all why do you land in the same spot if you jump inside the train but not if you jump on top of the train. But I'm not stopping there because today we're going to investigate five more physics and engineering puzzles using simple demonstrations as we go because our goal by the end of this video is not for you just to know the right answers, but more importantly for you to understand why they're the right answers. >> Did you catch all three curiosity gaps? Let's identify them and more importantly break down how Mark opened each one. The first curiosity gap is how do you steer a hot air balloon? The gap starts with a contradiction. Mark claims that the pilot can land anywhere he wants, but then points out the seemingly conflicting information that there is no steering wheel. That unexpected disconnect triggers our brains to go, "Wait, what? How does it work?" Then Mark follows that up by asking the question out loud himself. By verbalizing the question, he plants it clearly in the minds of his viewers, prompting us to have the same question, too. And as a cherry on top, the pilot starts to answer, but then is cut off. Now, we know that the answer is coming, but we just don't have it yet. And by this point, even if we couldn't care less about hot air balloon steering a minute ago, now we need to know. Through contradiction, verbalization, and interruption, Mark makes the curiosity gap stick in our minds like a splinter. Mark also uses verbalization to open his second curiosity gap. >> Why do you land in the same spot if you jump inside the train, but not if you jump on top of the train? >> But you don't need to propose a big mystery in order to evoke curiosity. And in fact, Mark's last curiosity gap is the simplest of them all. By merely promising us that there are five more physics and engineering puzzles ahead, even showing us visual hints as to what they might be, he inherently prompts us to wonder what are the other puzzles and what will their answers be. This question along with the other two Mark introduced gives us almost no choice than to keep watching to get the answers. So, as you plan out your own intro, ask yourself, what questions can you introduce? What contradictions, interruptions, or teases can you incorporate? And what promises can you make now that you can pay off later? And if you're having trouble coming up with strong curiosity gaps, I have some bad news for you. Your core video idea might just not be interesting enough in the first place. Because good curiosity gaps don't appear from just anywhere. They're born from conflict, tension, and transformation. And if your video concept doesn't set the stage for those elements to exist, you have nothing to hook your viewer with to begin with. there's nothing to wonder about, nothing to tease. And that's when using a story planner tool like Sputter Studio can be really helpful. Now, I've been a Sputter Studio partner for almost a full year now, which is kind of crazy to think about. And while I've highlighted many of their features before, I've never shown you this. It's called Story Beats, and it works as a brainstorming partner to help you level up a vague idea and turn it into a concept rich with curiosity potential. Here's how it works. Drop in your video idea. Go into story beats and select the type of video you're working on. General works great for most formats. From there, you can start workshopping your idea, fleshing out the overarching goal of your video, the character growth you want to show, and the overall theme or message you want to impart. You can edit everything with your own direction. And once you add an element to your idea workshop, Spider Studio will keep all future suggestions aligned with the story you're building. Each story beat you brainstorm can become a potential curiosity gap. And those curiosity gaps will make it easier to not only write a more compelling intro, but also make a video more worth watching in the first place. To workshop more curiosity apps of your own, use the link in the description to try out Spider Studio for 14 days free. Spider Studio is also currently running a limited time offer at the lowest price they've ever offered. So definitely take advantage of that if you still can. Thank you so so much to Sweater Studio for sponsoring this video. So, at this point, we've done a lot. We've delivered on the plot promise set by the tunnel and thumbnail. We've established the minimum necessary context, and we've opened strong curiosity gaps. Now, that alone could be the basis of a decent intro. But if you want to cross that line from decent to truly killer, there's one more intro element you need to add, your USP. This stands for unique service proposition, which is just a fancy term for the thing that makes your video special. The reason why someone would watch your video instead of all the others like it. Because now more than ever, in a world of near infinite content, videos have become commoditized. Pick a video on any given topic and is usually easily interchangeable with dozens of other videos on that topic, many of which are conveniently offered up in the suggested panel. As a result, when watching through your intro, your viewer isn't just deciding whether to watch. They're deciding which version of this topic is the one most worth watching. In your USP is how you convince them that the answer is yours. So, how do you do that? Well, while there are a few different ways to establish a USP in your intro, the most common and most powerful ways to do so are expertise, effort, personality, and proof. You can signal expertise by calling attention to your domain experience, showing you have deeper knowledge or authority than the average person talking about your topic. You can do this explicitly, like in this video from Wired, where history teacher answering dictator questions introduces herself like this. I'm Professor Ruth Bengat. I study authoritarianism. Let's answer some questions from the internet. In one sentence, she's established credibility. And this credibility increases the perceived value of this video because now we know that we're getting information from someone who actually knows what they're talking about. But signaling expertise can also be done implicitly. Dr. Mike doesn't need to detail his medical credentials because the scrubs he's wearing do it for him. And Legal Eagle doesn't need to explain his resume because a suit, office, and delivery style signal it to you immediately. But maybe you're not a domain expert. That's okay. My own personal favorite way to establish a USP is by showing effort because we naturally value things more when we know they took a lot of time, money, or energy to make. This is due to a cognitive bias known as input bias. And you can trigger it by showing the work that went into your video. Big creators do this all the time. Take this video from Mr. Who's boss. In his intro, he says, >> "I'm about to spend $10,000 in the next 4 minutes buying the craziest transparent tech on the internet." Immediately, the video feels more valuable. It feels like a bigger video, a video that's worth more of our time because of the financial investment that went into it. But don't worry, you don't need to drop 10 grand on a video in order to trigger input bias. All you need to do is show how much effort went into your video. Maybe it's by mentioning how many books you read for research or by showing time-lapses of your prep work or even just by editing in a way that clearly takes skill to pull off. As long as you're doing something that a few others would or could do, you can leverage input bias. And speaking of things that a few others can replicate, the third way to establish USP is by highlighting the very thing that's most unique to you, your personality. And I know that just be yourself isn't necessarily the most helpful advice in the world. So, let's go a little deeper. Your personality is your flavor. It's the tone and energy and lens that your video filters through. And when that specific flavor is upfront and clear, it turns your video from just another video to your video. A creator who's absolutely nailed this is Orion Tran. Check out the beginning of this video of his titled I tried airport sleep pods. >> I developed an unhealthy obsession with sleep pods last year when I went to Japan. Maybe it's because I'm a small man. Or maybe it's because they're awesome. >> In the span of just 10 seconds, you know exactly the type of video that you're in for. The tone is goofy and self-aware. The vibe is chaotic in the most lovable way. And the energy is uniquely Ryan. There are many, many videos out there about trying out sleep pods. But only Ryan's can make you feel this specific way, which makes it irreplaceable. Now, personality doesn't have to mean funny or quirky. Maybe your specific flavor is calm and cozy, or skeptical and analytical, or warm and inspirational. Whatever it is, when it's upfront and intentional becomes a clear signal of what sets your video apart and it establishes your video as not just a source of information or content, but as a unique experience that viewers can't get elsewhere. And finally, when all else fails, the last way to establish USP is through proof. Because in a world where it's more common than ever to make bold claims without the actual payoff to back up those claims, you can signal your video's worth by simply proving that you actually did the thing that you said you would. Take a look at this video from Mike Shake. His title makes a bold claim, but we're all used to people stretching the truth for the sake of clickability. But as soon as we click into the video, we get this. >> This is a slingshot. And this is also a slingshot, but he can punch through concrete blocks. Boom. We got proof, baby. Mike isn't just talking or theorizing about the concept. He actually succeeded in building the slingshot. And by seeing that proof up front, we're now confident that we're not going to be disappointed and that we're going to get that real payoff. Now, some people worry that showing the result early will spoil the story, but in reality, what you're doing is proving to your viewers that there's a story worth sticking around for in the first place. Mark Robber likes to call this principle Jenga storytelling. You see, everyone knows how a game of Jenga ends. The tower falls. It's not a big mystery. But the fun part, the reason why we play is how it falls. Which blocks get pulled first? When does the tower start to wobble? and what finally causes the whole thing to collapse. The same concept applies to your video. By showing the result early on, by proving that you actually did the thing you promised, you build trust and create anticipation. When it comes to selecting a USP of your own, you're not limited to just one. And if we return one last time to the Mark Robber intro, we can actually see that Mark establishes his USP and not one, not two, but three different ways. There's proof when we see him literally standing on top of a moving train. There's effort in the fact that he's traveled to multiple locations and in his stunning and hard to capture visuals. And there's even personality with the inclusion of a little scream that embodies the childlike joy and wonder that Mark carries through each of his videos. This USP stacking helps to explain why Mark Robber videos are so dang hard to replicate. When you click into a video of his, it's clear that you're not just getting a video about physics or engineering. You're getting a deeply trustworthy, insanely higheffort Mark Robber video about physics and engineering. A video that you truly can't get anywhere else. The result is an intro that is nearly impossible to click away from. So, as you plan out your own intro, consider what makes your video special. Why would someone watch your video over any other they might see in the suggested panel? Because the clearer your USP, the easier it is for your viewer to keep watching. At this point, you've laid out all of the essential building blocks for a killer YouTube intro. You've fulfilled the plot promise made by the title and thumbnail, and you've provided context, created curiosity gaps, and established your USP. The ingredients for a killer YouTube intro are all there. But just like any recipe, even the best ingredients can be ruined if they aren't put together in the right way. Which brings us to the fourth and final step in making a killer YouTube intro to blow up your channel. Front-loading the viewing experience. Because as much as we've been talking about your intro meeting the promises set by your title and thumbnail, your intro also makes promises of its own. You see, your intro serves as a proxy by which viewers can determine whether or not it's worth investing their time watching the rest of your video. In other words, they judge the entire rest of your video based on what they see in the intro. This means that if your video includes stunning visuals, custom animations, or anything else you associate with a quality video later on in the video, but those elements don't show up in your intro, your viewer may never know they exist, and they may therefore assume that the quality of your video is worse than it actually is. So, instead, frontload your quality. Lead with all you've got. If you use multiple types of footage throughout your video, reflect that same visual variety early on. If you have a cool custom animation later on, make a shorter version to place in your intro. It may even be helpful to annotate your script line by line with what the viewer will see. Some YouTubers organize this as a T- sheet. I like to simply make comments directly into my script. But no matter how you organize it, ask yourself, what are your viewers hearing with their ears? And what are they seeing with their eyes? These annotations will help inform your shot list, ensuring you're capturing the right footage and making the right edits to create a viewing experience that's just as intentional as the words you're saying out loud. Because on YouTube, watch time isn't expected, it's earned. And if you assume that viewers will get it as long as they keep watching, chances are they won't. Now, I know that this all might seem like a lot of work for only a 20 to 45 second long segment in a video, and you're right. It absolutely is, but it's also worth it because if someone clicks off of your intro, they'll never get to see the video you spent so long on making, the video that deserves to be watched. So, if there's anything to remember about making a killer YouTube intro, it's define your plot promise first. Use the first 5 seconds to meet that plot promise. Use the rest of your intro to provide context, create curiosity gaps, and establish your USP. and frontload the viewing experience to reflect the quality of the video ahead. If it's helpful, you can even download this guide to reference every time you sit down to plan out an intro. I'll put a link to grab it for free, as well as a link to try out Sputter Studio for 14 days free in the video description below. And look, if you're feeling a little overwhelmed right now, if it all feels like a lot, you're not alone. This whole YouTube thing that we're doing, it's not easy. I've been making videos for over four years now, and I still struggle with my intros. I don't think I know a single person who doesn't. But I think that's maybe part of the beauty of making YouTube videos. There's no such thing as the perfect intro or the perfect video. Everyone's out here just trying their best, learning new things along the way, and applying what they can. So, if it feels hard, it doesn't mean that you're doing it wrong. It just means that you care. And hey, welcome to the club. We need you. So hold on to that passion and let it carry you forward because your videos deserve to be seen by the world. The world just has to make it past your intros first. But if you feel like you're doing everything right, but still not seeing any difference in views, you may be dealing with problems beyond your YouTube intros. So to learn how to fix these seven common but sneaky mistakes holding most channels back, click here. Otherwise, thank you so much for watching. Like and subscribe if you can. If you need a sign, keep creating and I'll see you in the next video. [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @TheStagecraftNerd [1 likes]: Ummm… you were not only informative… but your tone is so therapeutic. 😂 thanks for the video!
  2. @thecurtisrandall [1 likes]: 💯Great video, very well scripted! Everyone should take notes or try to follow her style, adding your own twist to make it you. Quality is everything and the route to take if you want longevity. This is what Youtube needs more of and I believe the direction Youtube and its advertisers are looking for. 👏🏻
  3. @dolipops [1 likes]: Now THIS is YouTube University
  4. @dilipChaudhari9446: Nice info 🎉
  5. @MrSyncxs: Clear and engaging explanation, made it easy to stay hooked and understand the key points
  6. @Jeffbeats7: Man, this was a hell of a a video, thanks for making this
  7. @mindfuleats4517: Can you make a video on how you actually make your content ...the way you make the final thing we see on screen
  8. @Saastoolguide: I love your channel!
  9. @userbunny: Can I have one video for outros 😅
  10. @Mystic_sky-puppies: this is all for sure true, but my god is it depressing to think about. we have formed our brains to become starved for stimulation so much we have little tolerance for deviation from stimulus . we now have to grab attention promise to keep it and then weave a whole  narrative that hopefully stays engaging enough for the viewer to keep watching by using many fast cuts and interesting visuals. we have hacked our own brains into being consumers at a massive scale. I know my intros  for my actual channel should be doing these things but i find it so hard to commit to it bec im so against the way things are now, its hard to grow when you can see where this problem is heading and wanting to counter balance it. it basically impossible at this point. its all way too much. honestly i dont know if i have what it takes to be a creator lol
  11. @taylamoon9061: but what if youre an artist and dont show your face :((
  12. @SliceNomad: Yeah, I don’t usually hit subscribe until	il I’ve gotten to know a content creator really well… but this video was so good it was an immediate subscribe!  Great job!
  13. @macventuresmnl: just saw this video today and the older one you made with the same topic - and I just wanted to say thank you! i will surely get back by the time we make it bigger than where we've kicked off today <3
  14. @mimimoncoeur: Your videos are SO VALUABLE to me! We have a separate Real Estate YouTube channel, and I’m studying your videos like crazy - and they’re making our channel so much better! THANK YOU! ❤
  15. @relaxedmax8972: Best thumbnail I’ve ever seen. I subscribed right away.
  16. @bytechno.1337: Yooo I NEED to know where to got that shelve in the background from!
  17. @prismiqpro: Incredible how you are to explain complex ideas in a concise and visual way with SOLID examples. Your explanation of the Plot Promise framework actually changed how I structure my intros, already cutting fluff in my next video.
  18. @TheDiaryOfANewb: I know this is a few months old but it just came up on my feed, and just want to say thank you for a really well put together guide,it is very thought provoking and has made me think more deeply about what I'm doing when I put a video together, and given me some perspective on how to craft that intro to express what I'm offering and to shape that promise to the audience
  19. @No1Rookie: Just finished watching the old version and somehow this video only appeared afterwards xD Nevertheless, thanks for the advice!
  20. @ritchrivia: What an amazing video!!

- Aesthetic/Cute Intro & Outro Template | No Text | FREE FOR USE 2023: Kind: captions Language: en hi guys, i tried something new this time. hope u like it <3

  Top Comments:
  1. @alsasukamakancoklat [17 likes]: Is it free in 2025?
  2. @Itsryd4r [1 likes]: Permission to use this intro thank you!
  3. @kingatshering898: How to use
  4. @maryluisesiulyram: Do you have a tutorial?
  5. @dreamieexoo: WAIT HOW DO I GET THIS INTRO
  6. @angelagonzalez2385: hi may i use this for my channel
  7. @tanshivlogs2619: Kya ye copyright free h ? Please reply
  8. @coco_1nut: can I use this for my intro plss ??
  9. @Kbd_tamil: Vita
  10. @ainiicakeppp8290: izin pakai ya ka
  11. @SatianaLatief: can i use it? i really like it
  12. @zia-i1o: Kak izin ambil vid nya ya thq
  13. @afnifarissa7928: Permission to use this😊
  14. @AYYANAJVLOG: Can I use
  15. @HarryandMeghantales: Hello permission to use this on my YouTube channel
  16. @TakisOffical-66: Do we have to put credits?
  17. @WildheadStories: Thank you for giving permission to use this intro and outro
  18. @krishamaemisola: Permission to use this template ♥️
  19. @ZyrillVillamor: Thank you f❤❤
  20. @rahmahijri8548: Izin pakai ya kak

- How to Make a YouTube Video Intro (COMPLETE Tutorial!): Kind: captions Language: en - In this video, I'll show you how to make a professional animated video intro for YouTube like these ones, fast and easy. (soft music) Hi, it's Justin Brown here from Primal Video, where we help you grow an audience and scale your revenue with online video. If you're seeing value in this video, make sure you're giving it a thumbs up. It really makes a huge difference. And all the links to everything I mention in this video, you can find the link in the description box below. Let's jump into it. Animated video intros are an easy way to boost the professionalism and branding across all of your online content. Now while they might look hard to do, they're actually quite easy with some of the latest tools. So I'm gonna take you through the process that we recommend to do it right now, end to end. And once we're done, I'm also gonna share with you the number one tip that you need to know when using any video animation, to make sure that you don't kill your video engagement or watch time. So there's actually lots of different ways that you could approach this. You could go out and learn software like Adobe After Effects or Apple Motion, which are full-on motion graphics and compositing software. The learning is not going to be quick. It's going to be complicated. It's going to take a lot of time, but you could end up with something that you build out from scratch that is totally custom and unique. But realistically, unless you wanna spend all those hours mastering that software, that time is probably better spent elsewhere. And that's why the two methods that I'm gonna take you through in this video are gonna get you pretty much the same result with far less time invested. So option number one is to use a service called Placeit. Now Placeit is so much more than just animated video intros. You can do design, mockups, logos. You can even create your YouTube thumbnails and end cards and banners and everything in here as well. But what I really like about Placeit is how easy it makes the whole process. You can literally do everything on their website. You can select an amazing looking template from their massive library, and you can customize everything up to match your brand, your font and your image all from their website with no additional software required. So let's go at the top here to videos, and down here to intros. You can see there's lots of other options in here as well. And you can see if we just put our mouse cursor over these, they'll start to play and show you what these templates are. And again, all of these are fully customizable on their website here. So some of these will work with video files in the background. Others would just be photos or graphics, but probably the hardest thing about this entire process is trying to pick just one video template. So for this tutorial here, I'm gonna go ahead and select this one here. So you can see at this point, we're in here where we can customize everything up. We haven't even had to create an account or a login or anything yet. So even if you just wanna experiment and play around, I love Placeit for that. All right, so let's come over here and let's edit up this text. Now in this case here, it is giving us 20 characters. Let's go make awesome videos. You can see it's generating a preview here for us with our new text. We can customize up the font and everything in here as well. Let's go through and pick a bold one like this. Now we can customize up the actual logo animation in here as well. So it's giving you a little preview of there's like a spiral animation. We can choose which one of these we wanna have for our logo to come on screen. Let's go with this top one here. And it's gonna give you a static image preview here of the change that you just made. So if we hit the X on this to close out of that preview, we just come down here instead to update slide, that's gonna generate a full video preview for us to play back. So we can see now it says, make awesome videos. And it's got the logo animation that we picked. Now, we haven't actually gone ahead and uploaded our logo yet. So we can come over here and hit upload image. We're gonna go ahead and pick our Primal Video logo. We can crop it down in here if we need to. Let's go something like this, press crop. And we get our a little preview image here so we can see what that looks like. If we close that preview and just hit update slide here, let's take a look at what that looks like with our logo in there. All right, so that looks pretty good. You can see how fast this is to get something that looks pretty amazing. And we've really done next to no customization here. Now over on this side here, we can change our background color. We can use some of their background images that are already in here, or again, we can upload our own video or image to be used as the background. And you also have the ability up here to turn on or off the included music track, or you can hit edit and select from one of the other tracks that they have in there. So I wanna leave that off here for now, but the other thing that I wanna point out is over here, you can choose playback speed. You can see currently our template here. Our video goes for 10 seconds. You can actually slow that down by half, or you can actually increase it to 1.5 speed. So if you want it to play back faster and take up less time, then you have that ability here as well. Now, once you've done customizing everything up, you can come up here and you can save your draft. You can save it as a favorite. You will need to create an account to log in, to be able to save it. And there's a download your video intro. It says that you need to play all of your slides before downloading. So to play them, you need to come down the bottom here, hit play. So then it's gonna go through, it's gonna process your video. Now this really doesn't take too long. It says here it may take a quick minute or two. In my experience, it's pretty fast. Definitely much much faster than creating something from scratch. And you can see that our video preview here now is down to six seconds 'cause we're playing it back at 1.5 speed. If we hit replay here, we can play this through. See what it's going to look like and we have a button here to download. Now, there is a watermark on this video here. It says, made with Placeit. So you can download it for free with the watermark. So it's not gonna cost you anything. But if you go ahead and press this download button here, this is where you get your options. So if you just wanna download that free version with the watermark, which I wouldn't recommend, it doesn't look great. But the button to do that is down the bottom here, get the free watermark low res video or to remove that watermark and purchase the high quality version of your new video intro you can just buy it outright for $9.95 U.S. Which is incredibly cheap considering what this looks like and how much time you've just saved. Or there is also an unlimited subscription option giving you access to all of their templates to use as many as you would like and access to all the other mockups, design, video and logo templates in there as well, starting at 14.95 per month, or there's an annual option for 89.69 per year. So again, I think this is an amazing service. And even if you're just buying the one template for $9.95 that matches your brand has your logo and everything in it, it's amazing how fast you can create and customize up one of these templates using Placeit. Now, as you just saw with Placeit in this template, there is a fair bit that you can customize up, but you can't adjust everything. So this is a great, simple, fast way to create a custom intro. If you're someone who wants more customization and more control, but still doesn't wanna start again from scratch, then that's where our option number two comes in. So option number two then is VideoHive. Now VideoHive and Placeit are actually both owned by the same company, Envato. Now the biggest difference here with VideoHive versus Placeit is that VideoHive has so many more templates. So it's got lots of general motion graphics templates and things that will work in pretty much any video editing software or where it gets really powerful is it's actually got specific templates for video editing software like DaVinci Resolve, Apple Motion, Adobe Premiere, and Adobe After Effects. So VideoHive doesn't have the capability for you to customize and edit these live on their website that's where it takes you over to Placeit to do that. But here in VideoHive, you're able to purchase templates that you can take into your editing software or into Apple Motion or After Effects to be able to customize these up in there. So let's come up here to DaVinci Resolve. Let's come down to openers. Now, DaVinci Resolve, if you're not aware is an amazing free video editing application that works on both Mac and PC. So if you don't have After Effects, Premier, Apple Motion, any of the paid stuff, you could actually come in here, purchase your template, put it into DaVinci Resolve, which is free and customize it up the way that you'd like. So again, you have a lot of different options in here for amazing looking templates. You've got a lot more in here than you do in Placeit. I'm looking at the prices. You can see we've got $16, $17, 20, 22. So none of these are ridiculously expensive either. All right, so I'm just gonna go ahead and pick this one here. I'm going to go ahead and purchase it, download it to my computer. Now these normally download as a zip file. So once it's saved on your computer, you want to unzip it. So that's it here now. When you open this up is gonna look a little different depending on which template you've purchased. But usually you'll have the actual template files themselves, which are these two here. And in this case, we've also got a help file as well. So you normally get some sort of instructions whether it's text or whether it's a video like we've got here, taking us through how to install and how to use that specific template. Okay, so I'm gonna go ahead now and open up DaVinci Resolve. And when you get to this project window here, you wanna right click on it and choose restore project archive and navigate through to where you've got your template file and select the folder and go open. And we can see we've got our template here now. So we double click on this to open up that project. So you wanna make sure you're over on the edit tab and then when you come up to the top left here, we can see how they've broken this project down. As you already you can see in here we have a folder called Edit. We have another one Other and one Final. So if we go into the edit area here, this is where we can edit the text and edit the images. So we gonna go through first in adding our videos or our images into this template. So we're gonna go to image one, just double click on that to open that up. I'm just gonna navigate through on my computer to find some images that I have saved here. Let's pick this one here and let's drag that down onto that timeline. So we've got one image in. Let's go and add another one here under image two. And again, you're not just limited to images. You could add videos in here as well. Let's add this one here and drag that down into our timeline. So once all of those are in, we wanna come over here and add in our logo in this one as well. So again, I'll navigate through on our computer to find where that logo is, drag that down into the timeline. And now if we go back over here to the folder Final, then here we've got our primary timeline. So we open this up here. In our case here it's called Render. It might also be called Final, but it's the one master timeline with all of this stuff in it. So if we scrubbed through this, now you can start to get an idea of what it looks like. It's got text in there. It's moving those photos around. It's transitioning between the different photos, all of this really quick to get to this point. Now, in terms of editing the text, we can come back over here to text and we have text boxes here for each of those texts elements. So if we wanna customize up text one, and this is the one to go over this first scene, we could double click on this, double click on the text layer here to make sure it's selected. Then over here on the side, we can type in whatever we'd like. Let's go Primal Video. We could even change the font. Let's go with Oswald Stencil. Let's even maybe change the color to be our Primal Video blue. Now let's edit up text number two and we can go create videos. Again, we could customize all of this up. Text three and say make an impact. And let's just go back to that primary one. Now, if we go to Final, open up Render, I'm not gonna go through and customize all of this up, but you get the idea. We've now got Primal Video written there, create videos, make an impact and then the rest of our template here as well. And then with our logo here shown on this final scene. So all of this, now we can either copy and paste if we're gonna be editing in DaVinci Resolve into our editing project. Obviously after we've customized it up, however we'd like it, or we could just export this video file as it is and use it in any video editing software. Now, if you do wanna learn DaVinci Resolve, we have a complete beginners tutorial. I will link that up in the cards and below in the description. But really quickly to save this out, we just come down here to deliver. Then we go YouTube. 1920x1080. I'm gonna go add to render queue. I'm gonna hit render all. That's gonna go ahead and save out our video. And this is what it looks like. So this second method with VideoHive and using software like DaVinci Resolve is definitely a lot more advanced, but you can see how much more control and customizability you have in here. But for me personally, I just love the simplicity of Placeit. Unless I'm really needing to dive in and customize everything up. Placeit is going to be more than enough. But depending on what you're after both of these are solid options. Now, earlier in this video, I said I'd also share with you, my number one tip to not and watch time if you're going to be using an intro video. And that tip is to not put your shiny new intro at the very start of your video. Your goal with YouTube, or really with any video content is to hook your viewer in first. To let them know that they're in the right place, let them know what the content is going to be about. That is so much more important than your fancy new intro. So just for an example, if we rewind this video back to the start, this is what I said, in this video, I'll show you how to make a professional animated video intro for YouTube like these ones fast and easy. I gave a really quick teaser to what the video is about before I introduced any text title, animations, or graphics. This way I'm able to let people know what the video content is about and why they should stick around instead of them just clicking on the video and then seeing some fancy animation. People's attention spans are short, and they want you to get to the point quick. So lead with your hook and then use your fancy new intro. This is gonna stop you potentially driving people away before they've got to the content of your video. So now that you've got your video intro sorted, if you're wondering the best places to get royalty free stock music for your videos or for your live streams, then check out the video linked on screen for our top recommendations. I'll see you in the next video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @PrimalVideo [3 likes]: Check out our FREE Guide to The New Rules for YouTube Topic Research:
►https://go.primalvideo.com/NPnRF5l?utm_content=r7hULM1qRf4
  2. @bizzplayz [1 likes]: Placeit Videohive.   2 very good animation/intro apps mentioned in the vid.
  3. @hayzersolar: OMG you went to fast
  4. @J-Quin96: Can you do an updated version of this for Canva? Thx
  5. @TheHedgeKnighty: So I was wondering if there was a Ai website that could take my avatar picture an make an intro based on the picture I have.
  6. @nikkilesley2525: So with the new apple creator studio the subscription of that is actually cheaper than this.  And I can learn something new and make it my own.
  7. @JojoMarchan: How’do you connect with video?
  8. @JulijeJelaska-uz7zn: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K5cGcxi8y_w
  9. @Lito_Productions: Love this video and education so much! By chance how did you create those loading time bars at the bottom that was incredible!?
  10. @MikazoOfficial: .
  11. @timetogo4533: I downloaded the one time free version of an intro without the watermark and used it as the first clip in my iMovie video, not realizing it would set my entire video at the lowest res setting. In my ignorance, I didn't pay attention to the resolution. Just want to point this out to help others avoid this frustration. From what I have read, I will have to create an entire new iMovie project with a new beginning clip to correct the resolution for the video.
  12. @NBay_: Confusing
  13. @rex_the_kill: can you make a updated video the link  is not the same wep
  14. @robloxking-w8l: how do i grow my youtube chanle
  15. @ErinPiquero: Hi Justin, could you please share which tool you used to record your screen when walking us through the tools you recommended for creating video intros? Thanks!
  16. @JamarionTalley-t9d1t: I can’t stop replaying that part.
  17. @Narly_XP: How or where did you find the glitching text effects you have on the beginning of your video?
  18. @lahicor: I want to do that but I don't know if it's just me or the Place It Page is not working, I can not see the templates and buttons are not working well
  19. @DustyCarlyon: Thank you so much. I've subscribed to placeit.
  20. @NavySharkz: My dude, thank you so much for this! You made everything straight to the point and didn't hit me with a lot of editing jargon that I wouldn't have understood anyway.

I can't wait to check out your other vids. New subscriber here!

- Hypothesis Testing - Introduction: Kind: captions Language: en Welcome! In this video, I’m going to briefly go over the essentials of hypothesis testing, and in the second part, I will test a claim about a population mean. A hypothesis is simply a claim or statement about a population parameter such as the population mean, variance, proportion, and so on. In inferential statistics, we study a sample or samples, and use the results to generalize on an entire population or populations. Suppose we make a claim that the average age of all college students in a city is 23, which we write as: μ = 23 Since this hypothesis contains equality, we refer to it as the null hypothesis, represented by Ho. The complement or opposite of the null is the alternative hypothesis, represented by Ha or H1. In this case, the alternative will be that the mean is not equal to 23. We use these hypotheses for two- tailed tests because the alternative basically means that the mean could be less or greater than 23. Suppose instead we want to test if the mean is less than 23. Since this statement does not contain equality, we will assign it to the alternative hypothesis. And the null hypothesis will be the opposite. That is, the mean is greater or equal to 23. And if we’re testing if the mean is greater than 23, that will be the alternative hypothesis. And the null will be, mean less or equal to 23. These two are hypotheses for one-tailed tests. This is for a left-tailed test because the alternative hypothesis has a less than sign; and this is for a right tailed test because the alternate has a greater than sign. Note that the alternative hypotheses determine the tail of the test. Note also that the alternative hypotheses never contain equality, and the null always contains equality. In fact, some only use equal sign for the null hypothesis. Now when we conduct hypothesis tests, we’re primarily trying to decide whether or not to reject the null hypothesis. If we reject the null hypothesis, we will say “we have enough evidence to support the alternative”, or “to say that the alternative is true.” If we do not reject the null hypothesis, we will say that we do not have enough evidence to support the alternative. We usually don’t say that the alternative is not true. We only say that we don’t have enough evidence to support it. Now, to determine when to reject the null hypothesis, we select a significance level alpha. 5% or .05 is the most commonly used alpha value. 0.10 and .01 are also often used. The significance level helps specify the size of the region where the null hypothesis should be rejected. We call that region, the critical or rejection region. For a two-tailed test, alpha is divided by 2 into both tails. So we reject the null hypothesis in the tails and we do not reject it in the middle here. For one tailed-tests, alpha is not divided. So for the left-tailed test, the rejection region is in the left tail, and it is in the right tail for the right tailed test. Once the rejection region is set, we then calculate the test statistic. If the test statistic falls in the rejection region, we reject the null hypothesis. Otherwise, we fail to reject it. In the second part of this video we will look at this example to illustrate the hypothesis testing process. Thanks for watching.

  Top Comments:
  1. @rokeebatmusa3570 [43 likes]: I'm here 9years later, thank you ❤
  2. @chethana13 [6 likes]: Thank you for saving me from going insane cause I don't understand my notes
  3. @adityaaher9029 [4 likes]: Coming here after 10 years this video , ngl this video is truly underrated, so simple and effective ❤
  4. @ProjectAurora-f4z [2 likes]: April 2026
Thank God for some life saving good work someone left out there 

Great explanation!
  5. @freedomisaverb6750 [1 likes]: bro is single handedly carrying my gpa
  6. @lerlia_af [1 likes]: yooo this was great! thx so much
  7. @igabitz [1 likes]: My final exam is in less than 10 hours 
Thank you! 🙏
  8. @PaperClipFlip [1 likes]: Excellent summary and introduction. The simplicity and clarity of this are unmatched. Thank you, Mr. Emmanuel!
  9. @Sickkkkiddddd: What is going on in higher learning? 😅😅😅 Why are students learning more on YouTube for free than they are in the classes they paid for?
  10. @TharoIrr: Briefly explained
  11. @ra_xy-j9i: شكرا
  12. @riccosuave1975: Thank you so much for your time and helping us low IQ members of society to better understanding this. This hit it on the head on what I was looking for, I just added your channel to my favorites and have subscribed to your updates. ❤
  13. @husnulmabhaider3409: Best Explanation !
  14. @Cyseewhyy: This is so straight forward and clear that it healed a part of my brain.
  15. @AbbigaelChepngeno: Who's Here 2026🎉😊
  16. @NAHOMHADDISH: what an explanaiton. god bless you mt brother
  17. @rubyrodriguez6757: my mind = blown, thank you
  18. @dustinwatkins7843: cluck cluck cluck cluck roams around near your ankles, annoyingly
  19. @dustinwatkins7843: take me to your queen, do you kno da wae
  20. @ninoangelohora5542: ❤❤❤❤

- Proficiency Speaking Exam feedback -- Stage 1 -- Intro/Small talk: Kind: captions Language: en welcome how are you today my name is Cynthia and this video is to show you how an exam preparation lesson is done using Skype my Skype name is crazy about English python Skype so our first step is sharing our contact details and then having an audio or video call on Skype today's lesson will focus on the proficiency level of an English speaking exam I invite those of you who may not be at this level to continue watching and try to understand as there will be visuals to help you like the lower stage one of the proficiency exam is also about introductions and small talk keeping this in mind please answer the following question how do you prepare for stage one at the proficiency level a I will introduce myself like I did in the lower but will use proficiency level vocabulary whenever possible or B I will not prepare anything instead I will wait for the examiner's lead and informally answer depending on the question as we go along so did you choose a many do and unfortunately the examiner will recognize a rehearsed introduction and Detour you while this isn't the worst thing that could happen it definitely isn't the best first impression of your speaking skills so avoid this and practice answering questions spontaneously with various people and to perfect answer B even more when you practice answer General topic questions spontaneously think about how you may include your speaking partner because by including your partner into your conversation with the examiner you are showing the ability to communicate effectively to more than one person simultaneously here are three questions about stage two in a proficiency exam you and your speaking partner are teachers at a school you are asked to summarize your two School lunch menu options to each other what does it mean to summarize is it to your advantage to elaborate during the summary and what register are you using formal or informal I'd like to hear how you answer these questions so let's talk about them here's how go to my echool website crazy english. webs.com click on the contact me page that you'll find at the top of the homepage complete the required information and in the message box type stage two proficiency exam click submit and I will contact you through Skype or email with the date for this free trial lesson and while you're at my website feel free to visit the guest book page and sign it thanks again for watching my name is Cynthia say so long from the island of cre and for those of you with an upcoming speaking exam I look forward to meeting you bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @jonakar: hi from Peru, I'm taking the ECPE speaking test this coming Nov 4th at 4pm, and I just registered yesterday (Friday 29)! Well, I'll take your pieces of advice and do my best. God bless you!

- Fiverr App Testing Services | Mobile App Tester Intro | UX Feedback & Bug Report: Kind: captions Language: en Hello and welcome to my Fiverr profile. I'm a professional mobile A tester providing highquality A testing and usability feedback for Android, iOS, and web apps. If you're launching a new A or updating features, I will test your A from a real user perspective and provide clear feedback to improve performance and user experience. My services include A testing, usability feedback, bug reports, and detailed testing reports to help you deliver a smooth and userfriendly A. I focus on professional private testing to help you improve your A quality before launch. Check my gigs and feel free to place an order today. I look forward to working with

- How to HOOK Your Viewer in 5 Seconds - Video Hook Strategy: Kind: captions Language: en leave everything you think you know about video hooks at the door right there leave it because if your channel growth isn't exponential you're doing something wrong and that's not an attack that's just what the data is telling you albeit maybe not as directly so today I'm going to share with you guys one of the most important things you can do today to make your YouTube analytics look like this instead of like this and we're going to take a look at creators who have used the same exact strategy to gain millions of followers just by talking and spinning a ball of yarn alright so let's talk the video Hook is a really important element of your video because even if your video is the most amazing video ever if you don't hook them at the beginning they're not going to get there and everyone knows that video Hook is important but how do you actually make a good one I think a lot of people think about it in just terms of the words that they're saying but it actually is much more than that to me a great video hook grabs the viewer not just through words but through visuals sounds tone and hints and you can even see each of these in the hook that I made at the beginning of the video about video hooks at the door obviously the hook that I made is a lot more stimulating than if I had just said about the video hook at the door so why is that so firstly let's talk about the visuals there is movement in the hook that I made movement can capture the attention of the viewer and that is why a lot of YouTubers and content creators use things like crops Zoom jump Cuts or even daily vlogging where you're moving the camera around itself and it's not on a tripod adds movement but that doesn't just have to be with editing that can also be with things you actually do physically in the video like for me that is starting with a piece of paper in the beginning which is not something that you expect from a first shot in a video then ripping it and then throwing it over my head obviously this is a pretty over the top example but I think it is effective it keeps the eyes moving and it also starts the video with a bang which is something that you need to do secondly let's talk about sounds ripping of a paper is something that is highly stimulating at least to me but it's also a sound that almost gets in the way of my voice making sure that the audience member has to lean in a little bit more to hear what I'm saying by causing the viewer to need to listen more carefully about what I'm saying now they are invested more in the video it's no surprise to anyone that sound is such an important part of movies so why do we treat sound like an afterthought in content creation just something to think about thirdly the tone of the video is something that I think is really important too with the opening I'm addressing you specifically the viewer by telling you to leave everything you think you know about the video hook at the door using words like you and looking at the camera makes the viewer feel like I am talking to you I know your struggles I know what's getting in the way of your YouTube success and I'm being very forthright that maybe you're not doing exactly the right thing and you could level up your content it makes the person wonder what am I doing wrong and while I don't want you to feel like you're in trouble listening to that opening I do want you to start thinking critically about your own content and thinking about how maybe my video could help you level that up and lastly you want to give people a hint as to what they're going to come away with by watching your whole video but don't just take it from me let's look at some other examples of content creators who have used this strategy and gotten millions of followers so firstly let's start with Monet Ned John she is a crochet artist and Storyteller and has a tick tock account with over 3 million followers and I bet you can see why right when you click on one of her videos I'll never forgive my oldest brother for doing this now granted I don't tell a lot of stories about my oldest brother because one most of them be a little bit illegal and so he's a wild card it's because she hooks you in immediately and she uses everything that makes a great hook in her videos there's Motion in the video when she is rolling up this yarn into a ball using some interesting machine that you've probably never seen before so it gets you to look back at her face back at the contraption over and over again because she's also telling a story while she's doing something interesting with her hands this movement is really awesome for the eye to follow the yarn spinning all also has a bit of a meditative sound that keeps you wanting to hear this sound of this contraption moving and not only this but you can also see that the ball of yarn is growing as she tells the story and so you sort of get a payoff by listening to the whole thing just by watching something grow on camera so you get the payoff not just of the story itself but of actually seeing movement and of seeing the process of putting together a ball of yarn which she then uses in her business and uses this Tick Tock to promote her crochet business genius and we can also see this same concept work in the form of makeup Story Time videos these are incredibly popular niche of content watching someone put on their makeup is a lot of movement it's stimulating to the eye because you have lots of different pigments happening on the face and you also know you're going to get a transformation from the beginning of the video to the end where usually it looks amazing and it's awesome to see that process from start to finish you then also get the auditory experience of them with the makeup brushes is pumping out you know makeup from pumps and things like that and you also get the hook of a story time so you want to get to the end of the story time to not only see the end of the makeup look but hear the end of the story it's a perfect combination and these videos are super super successful and I think these learnings are something that pretty much any content creator can take away there's always something you can do in the beginning of a video with your hands to make it a little more visually appealing and even if you're not doing something with your hands throughout the entire video like these examples are just having a moment of movement of doing an activity can be really helpful in engaging the viewer in the first few seconds because that's when it matters most so next time you're making a video and you're thinking about your hook see if you can level it up with elements of movement audio stimulation adding a tone that's either unexpected or feels very direct toward the viewer and give hints about what your video is going to be about I hope this video was helpful I hope this helps you level up your content and I hope you start seeing your analytics go like this instead of like this and I'll see you guys in the next one for more tips foreign [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @RobertPlank [4 likes]: This breakdown of what makes a compelling video hook is so insightful! The idea of combining movement, sound, tone, and hints into the first few seconds really shows how much more dynamic a hook can be when it appeals to multiple senses. The example of ripping paper and throwing it—so simple, but so effective—perfectly illustrates how even small actions can grab attention.

I also love the analysis of creators like Monet Ned John. Highlighting how her storytelling pairs with the meditative visuals of spinning yarn is such a cool example of how to keep viewers engaged through both content and process. It’s not just about telling a story—it’s about making the storytelling visually and aurally captivating too.

The connection to makeup Story Time videos was spot on. Watching a transformation unfold while hearing a compelling story creates a dual payoff, which is such a clever way to hold attention. It’s a great reminder that adding layers of engagement to your content can make a huge difference.

The biggest takeaway for me is the emphasis on thinking critically about your own content and constantly asking how to make it more engaging. Just a small tweak like adding an unexpected sound or action could totally transform how viewers respond to the first few seconds of a video.
  2. @IanCesarCartoneros [3 likes]: So this explains why some of my videos on fb did have more views with less effort than Other videos with more effort explaning things with less movement. For weeks I kept on wondering why so this explanation finally explains it.
  3. @abo-m5o [2 likes]: There is difference between attention grabber and the hook ... And they work differently and also we deliver within different value
  4. @DownSouthBeef [1 likes]: “Yarn spinning” is also an old timey way of saying telling a story
  5. @CatMomChronicles [1 likes]: I was searching vid about how to make good hook for shorts. Tnx for sharing good advices that definitely can apply to shorts as well :)
  6. @abo-m5o [1 likes]: There is difference between attention grabber and the hook ... And they work differently and also we deliver within different value
Attention grabber may not be related to video content but it grabs viewer attention .. like a smach or a jump or like paper rip you just did in the begining
But the HOOK is an introduction that make viewer want to watch more and complete the video to get something that is missed or a payoff in the end of the video
  7. @Maroon_Salom15: Wait a minute I recognize u !
  8. @thecaliperking: Great
  9. @birddog9002: 3:46 Definitely has nothing to do with her being hot or anything not that this person would care to realize 😂😂😂😂
  10. @MrSilentartist: Certainly learnt new stuff
  11. @Traveknoweldge: great
  12. @BrendenMcKay-m3c: I changed my intro after watching this — engagement went up immediately.
  13. @jodiquefortune: Thank you!
  14. @edwardv4546: Definitely very helpful! Thank you.
  15. @parsleydavid1647: The intro 😂😂😂😂😂 loool i love it
  16. @TheMerchMonkey: I fell asleep within 5 seconds of this video your having the opposite effect of grabbing people’s attention
  17. @RafaelMacias-g2l: Hey I think it's a good video
  18. @Geo77799: Good video , I thought TikTok would be easy but it’s not but I’m motivated to get better . Thanks for the vid , 🔥
  19. @kylejantjiesauthor: Great video man
  20. @jenniee_jq: Your video is inspiring <3 Many thanks

- The Entire Longform Algorithm Explained in 300 Seconds...: Kind: captions Language: en When you start a new long form channel, the first thing that happens is YouTube reviews your account to figure out if you're a real person and you're worth pushing out. If your channel looks empty or suspicious, YouTube has no reason to trust you yet and won't push your videos out anywhere beyond search. To avoid [music] this, you need to make your channel look legit from the start. Warm it up, brand it personally, use an older [music] trusted email, and enable third-level feature eligibility. The less your channel looks like spam, the more willing YouTube is to push your content out beyond just search. YouTube is way more forgiving with long form than shorts. If you're not getting into the browse feed, your video's either bad or your channel just looks [music] like spam. After you upload your first video, YouTube immediately transcribes everything you say, scans your thumbnail, and classifies your content. The algorithm is trying to figure out what your video is, who's it for, and whether it's safe to push. Then over the next 24 to 48 hours, it continues [music] to build a profile on your content, with the main thing being your target audience. During this time, YouTube isn't really pushing your video out anywhere. It's just reviewing your data. That's why it takes a couple days before reviews start coming in on the first video of a brand new channel. This is where the metadata becomes the most important thing. YouTube's entire goal is to keep viewers on the platform for as long as possible. on YouTube means more ads watched, and more ads watched means more money to YouTube. So naturally, the algorithm's job is to find the videos that specific viewers would enjoy the most. To do that, it needs to know exactly who your video is for. If the algorithm can't figure out your target audience, it would rather push out someone else's content it actually understands, rather than risking showing yours to the wrong person. Like I said before, you really need to focus on your metadata here. Your title needs to clearly tell YouTube what the video is about, and then tags, chapters, [music] and timestamps all give the algorithm more context. Your thumbnail matters too because YouTube's AI is actually reading it. It scans your faces, objects, and text. The clearer everything is, the faster it matches your video to the right people. Typically, channels that write vague titles and leave descriptions empty are forcing YouTube to guess. And once again, YouTube doesn't want to take the risk showing it to the wrong person. Once the data is collected and the target audience is determined, YouTube starts testing your video through browse to collect initial data and decide whether to keep pushing it or not. Similar to shorts, the algorithm pushes out your videos in kind of waves. YouTube is testing your video against small groups and watching how they respond. If they respond well, YouTube slowly ramps up impressions. Then depending [music] on how the next group responds, it either keeps ramping up, slowing down, or plateaus. And before you guys ask me about why my studio looks so much better than yours, I use New Studio, which is by far the best Chrome extension [music] if you want to take YouTube seriously. So how do we get YouTube to push your video as much as possible? Well, this comes down to the stats. There's three stats you need to be focusing on, with the first being click-through rate. This is the percent of [music] people who saw your video in their feed and actually clicked on it. Every person who sees your video in their feed is considered an impression. Picture it like this. Every single impression on YouTube is like a slot. There's a limited amount of slots in a given feed. So YouTube is pretty selective with where they give a video that has a low click-through [music] rate an impression when they could give an impression to a video that actually has a high click-through rate and it's proven that people are willing to click it. It's much more valuable for YouTube. Your click-through rate is determined by your thumbnail, your title, and your idea. This is the first thing a viewer even sees, so you really need to focus on this. Your goal is to make your video the most appealing to click on out of every other impression on their feed. But the best way to stand out is being in a niche that has a ton of viewers willing to watch. To help with that, I have a playlist of a bunch of viral niches I find and I'll be constantly updating it. These are niches I would use myself. A lot of you guys were asking me how I found my niches, so if you're wondering, majority of these niches were found with Algrorithm. What percent should you be shooting for? Well, the average CTR on YouTube sits around 4 to 5% and anything below 3, YouTube definitely won't push it. The next stat the algorithm focuses on is the retention graph. This is by far more important than CTR. You want this graph to be as flat as possible, as high as possible, and the initial dip to be as small as you can manage. The graph will always go down over time because viewers just naturally leave, no matter what you do. If you're losing too many viewers at the start, your hook is bad. graph is too steep, your storytelling and video idea is bad. But after the algorithm pushes your video in the browse feed for a bit, it starts being shown in the suggested feed. This is the sidebar when someone's watching another video. YouTube really only pushes your video in the suggested feed after it tests it in browse first because the suggested feed is much more dependent on your target audience. So YouTube naturally waits until they have more data before showing your videos there. These impressions in the suggested feed are much more valuable to YouTube because their goal is to keep people on the platform for as long as possible. Now, these two stats are the most visible things you can improve. Beyond that, the algorithm tracks a ton of different things. Engagement, what the comments are about, likes, shares, subscriptions gained or lost, returning viewers, viewer satisfaction surveys, [music] not interested clicks, search terms, whether your video started a session, whether it ended it, and what the viewer did after watching. And there's three things I said at the end all fall under session time. If your video makes someone spend more time on YouTube, this is the strongest signal you can send to the algorithm. This is why linking your viewers to a playlist or another video at the end helps so much, even if it's not related to you. You can see this in action on my videos. The first long form video on my channel went viral. One of the reasons for that is because at the very end, I linked viewers to a playlist with a bunch of viral niches. This playlist got tens of thousands of views and because my video, even though it was relatively short, I got viewers to spend more time on YouTube and the algorithm rewards that. As you continue to post more videos and start getting traction, you start to build an audience. YouTube shows your next videos to people who watched your previous ones first, so you always have a solid seed audience going in every upload. But if you're struggling finding ideas, once again, you can use Algrorithm for this. You can actually integrate with Claude and you'll be able to instantly analyze all your competitors through using it. So check it out. If you want a free personalized channel review or need help with anything, join the Discord.

  Top Comments:
  1. @dmscales [105 likes]: Yooo, long awaited video boys. Leme know what yall think about this, i promise ill be more consistent on the uploads from now on 🙏

Edit: yo I wanted to clarify a few things on this vid that I didn’t fully explain in the video. 3rd level isn’t as important for longform content but still is a good habit. Some channels are pushed to suggested more then browse (suggested/browse/search is niche dependent). I kinda exaggerated how much tags + chapters affect everything (def still a great habit tho), and ctr is really niche dependent.

Tools I recommended in this video:
NewStudio: https://www.newstudio.app/?ref=dmscales
Algrow: https://algrow.online/?ref=dom
  2. @babykiafanpage666: i love the music change 😂❤1:43
  3. @PaidThinker: Makes sense thank you!
  4. @Queenbg1: Being a YouTuber is a sad job:
- either you make good videos with original ideas and your own personal pace of presentation and construction - without any financial success;
- or you follow YouTube's casino-approach to hooking people up and make stupid, monotonous, boring videos - you do all the dirty work for the platform to hook people and they pay you back with a few bucks;

The standard dilemma: should I sell my soul for a few dollars or be myself for nothing.
  5. @whatifyouwerebornas: this video really helped me understand, thanks!
  6. @jamietestchannel: Such a helpful video. Thanks for sharing this.
  7. @TechnikInfinity: Thanks for the advice!
  8. @hentsp: I just want to know , is it too late to reset the algorithm . On a shorts type channel. Because i had no clue , about it . I cant get into algorithm on long form videos , which was going to be my main focus at one point lol.
  9. @thetacotrades: ts helpful asf
  10. @pyrd945: GREAT video
  11. @KesElavatedDivision: 😮😮😮😮
  12. @any_a.c: ily thx
  13. @enjie16: Love how he explains it in under 5 minutes. Some YouTubers stretch it to 10 minutes and add a bunch of useless comments.
  14. @HistoryFromTheHell: You deserve a subscribe brother. ❤
  15. @RobertWilliam-g2l: great knowledge
  16. @BigStealCar: thanks bro
  17. @M.INDLESS01: This video really worked 4:43 .
  18. @b3ndyplays: Did you attend and graduate explaining school before making this video?
  19. @Mazsh00tz: good vid
  20. @CatDaddy0327: Let’s take our advice from a child guys. Did your balls even drop yet OP?

- 3 Ways to End ANY FIGHT in Seconds: Kind: captions Language: en foreign [Music] how big they are there could be someone as big as Brock Lesnar Eddie Hall Tyson Fury if you hit someone like this and they're not expecting it the fight will be over like that in seconds and I'm not just going to tell you how to end a fighting seconds I'm going to show you I want a demo on this guy right here exactly how to end it and one method you might have seen that went viral on YouTube was when a guy takes all his clothes off and runs after people I guess that's one week would win a fight but I'm not talking about that one I'm talking about real self-defense this is a technique I use to knock out multiple people on my way to winning an Olympic medal and soon I'm going to show you this but you need to know I don't recommend street fighting I think it's stupid the bigger man will always walk away but if someone is coming on you and trying to have a fight and you can't get out the way and you've got to stand and have a fight with them you need to know what to do the first thing I would do because I knew how to fight is punch them as hard as I can in the solar plexus right here this is where the ribs come together and if you've ever been hit there you'll know the damage it will do it hurts so much the fight will be over and as well I know it's not going to do serious damage like a punch in the face might do so the technique of doing this to be able to end the fight in seconds one thing you do want to be doing is standing Square on like this if you're in this position here if someone punches you or even pushes you you're gonna fall over and the last thing you want to do if you're trying to defend yourself in a street fight is fall over and be on the floor so what you're going to do instead you want to bring your dominant foot back for me it's my right foot because I'm right-handed I'm going to bring that foot back and now I'm in a box and stance position and then when I'm in this position I'm going to put my hands up here and see you know what I do want to fight this is going to catch him off guard and make him think oh he's a bigger guy I've said I don't want to fight that's where I'm going to let that punch go and it'll look like this I don't want to fight that's it doesn't matter the size if you hit me like that having 106 fighter in my career I'm done I'm on the floor then once you're on the floor you can get out of there and you're safe and if you're not in a position to do that the other thing you can do is from here take your back foot back and always put your hands up there and say you know I don't want to fight and we're going to open Palm slap this right here can end the fight in seconds and help you protect yourself like you might have seen this is actually a sport now the open port slap it's not going to do damage like a punch would but it's going to stun them and then you can get out of there and get out of danger and it'll look like this I don't want to fight open Palm stop again that's it done fights over get out of there and the other one if it's too close and you can't slap you can't punch to the body and we're here like this where you might have seen this in fights before where the bully gets up and he's in your face like this and he might even have all the air the simple thing to do here take a little step back lean your body back to get a little bit of space and then from there stick the nut on them with your forehead straighten his nose Boom the damage is done it's over but to be able to do this it's always great to learn how to throw a punch that's why I created this video right here showing you exactly how to throw a punch click here and watch this next

  Top Comments:
  1. @PatrickHampson-o5t [1 likes]: Carry a squirt gun...no punches needed...just some water to the eyes will incapacitate anyone and it won't harm them with lingering effects like pepper spray. The police can't say you used a weapon because it's a toy. The police are a**holes - they don't want people to protect themselves because then there is no justification for them getting paid to protect the public - which they usually don't do because then they say they can't be everywhere at one time. Which is why you have to protect yourself; buy a squirt gun and/or long metal flashlight 🔦; can shine light in face and if that doesn't stop the other - then smash them on the head with flashlight! Again, stupid police can't say it's a weapon! Protect yourself!😅
  2. @Joecrow-c6c: 5'6 60 yo , got anything for me , everyone is bigger than me ,i need a step stool to stand  on to give a Belfast handshake . a wee little prod in Canada
  3. @MOON_PUPPY: One punch? Just like Hollywood? Nah, I would keep it hot. Don't stop until someone pulls you off the person.
  4. @EdwardEdward-n2q: Solar plex shot is brutal, it feels terrible, almost like you’re about to die and knocks the wind out of you. You could honestly cause some heart problems hitting some people there. Best thing always is to avoid fights whenever humanly possibly and only use strikes like this as a last resort. I would palm strike maybe even half speed or 3/4 of my strength hit somebody there, I know how it feels. Most of the time the person won’t want to fight after getting hit there. Some people don’t know how strong they are, and at the very least you need to judge the situation very carefully and the person, your limitations and their limitations. It isn’t reasonable to hit someone that is obviously not athletic/coordinated at all just because they have a chip on their shoulder. Just walk away, say something like, “hey this isn’t worth it, good luck to you, I’m sorry.” Do anything to avoid a fight.
  5. @EdwardEdward-n2q: He’s right, even if you hit the gut too, it’ll put the meanest guy to the floor, especially bare knuckle. My brother wasn’t in his right state of mind one time but I couldn’t let him do what he wanted, so he haymakers me in the gut since I didn’t want to fight my own sibling and it put me on the ground. Inflict maximum damage as hard as you possibly can (as if you are trying to purposely send someone to the hospital) and it will most likely be too much damage for the person to handle. Then just flee as fast as you can. I wouldn’t palm strike their face though, I mean you can, but just be ready for when you inflict damage enough to the point where you could serve jail time for it. The torso is a bigger target and easier to hit. Not to mention most guys enter a fight in a high guard with fists closed. You rarely see a non-fighter do the actual right thing, they don’t know what they’re doing. They leave themselves vulnerable for all kinds of strikes, even knee strikes.
  6. @Deac-d3b: I practice this on my wife and now she won't talk to me!  Seriously, I adopted your advice and I train my combos constantly.  I have a 5 punch combo that I can execute in rapid succession.  I have the wind to repeat my 5 hand combo about 10 times in a row.  I'm gasping for air afterwords but I think relentless punching could do the trick.  It better because I won't have the steam to run away after that.  Cheers Mate... Great Training!
  7. @CustardDonut: I normally ring my mum.  Fight over.
  8. @Ash_Hudson: Swift elbow to the jaw, or knee to the balls up close. Teep kicks to the solar plexus from distance. Most important part is to throw everything with speed, surprise and with vicious intent.
  9. @tristangreen5695: Also open, cupped hand to the side of the head cupping the ear. Massive shock to them dazzed dizzy. Gives plenty of time to run. But running is hard if your slow or they have better cardio because now your exhausted cant fight but they still can so your done. The only real answer is learn how to fight because when you know how to fight people naturally avoid fights with you
  10. @ddejdu: Usually the attackers are not big, they are small with low IQ and a knife on them
  11. @tommyvercetti7326: Pulling out a gun and shooting your opponent ends the fight quickly too.
  12. @Coins24-7: The punch to the solar plax was a good one, but the slap is it gonna do nothing but escalate not unless you have hardened palms or the ridges of your hand that's the only reason I would do that or strike the side of the neck with the ridge of your hand instant ko.
  13. @soumen_das: What if the opponent has arms and legs?
  14. @fangan4770: Just kick his balls with your knee.
  15. @sempakrangergg: Or just bring pepper spray
  16. @SeenapallySridhar: Bloodhounds watcher know how to fight 🗿🗿🗿
  17. @sue-lingarmour2155: Kick them in the balls and run away?
  18. @Smc-gm2nx: Don't forget the bass rutten headbutt technique
  19. @JK-uj8ur: Problem with untrained fighter is accuracy.  If you miss you in trouble.
  20. @TomSchlei: Any of these are just going to piss someone off. If you don’t know how to fight, don’t fight. If you do, still avoid it if you can because you don’t know Whats gonna happen. But make sure to win.

- Most Messaging Fails Here,  In the First  3 Seconds: Kind: captions Language: en So, on surface level, when when it comes to messaging, you need to be able to share. I work with X to do X through X. Why? Because we have really short attention spans, >> [music] >> and they're only getting shorter. I mean, it used to be you would have like 30 seconds on a website, then it became 15, now it's like eight, now it's like 3 seconds. You have 3 seconds to make an impression. So, if I'm at a networking event, or if I'm talking to a potential client, or if I'm just speaking about what I do in any shape or form in business, if somebody can't understand in less than 10 seconds, is that what I want? Do I know someone who wants it? Or is it not for me? It's too much, and we're not going to take the time to go deeper. When you're guiding people to that next step, that's where you go deeper. But initially, they're going to come through the front door in a 10-second decision, are you the person for me? So, if you can't explain it that fast, you've lost people.

- Common Mistakes that can ruin your Animated Short's Production: Kind: captions Language: en are you making a short animated project that's either a short film a sizzle reel a trailer a proof of concept and you'd like to do whatever you can to just get it done and just to finish it here are my top mistakes and pitfalls that one can fall into that can jeopardize the overall short animated project and may eventually lead you to just giving up and I also share solutions to prevent them [Music] hey guys it's Anika pantora and today I'd like to talk about my top common mistakes beginners make with their animated short to be fair it isn't just beginners that make this mistake I make this mistake a lot of professionals make this mistake when they work on animated shorts now when I talk about animated shorts it isn't just a short film with a short story this also includes trailers proof of concepts or tests that have a sequence so in this video I'm going to talk about the common mistakes I and many beginners make when it comes to making shorts that might jeopardize the actual project by the way I'm kind of leaving out story writing or any of that matter I think animated shorts can still be entertaining and engaging without good story like sizzle reels proof of concept short tests they don't necessarily have good stories that can stand alone what I'll be talking about is just for the production's sake number one which i think is pretty common is your project is too ambitious and it's too epic maybe it's your first short or maybe you've only done a few shorts and for this short you have a grand idea you want it to be epic you want to be big and honestly that happens to me too and I'm very well aware of this mistake because I've started a bunch of different short film ideas but I never finished it because they were just too big for me so you may be asking how big is big in my definition well it also depends on your capabilities too some people can finish let's say 16 feet of animation per week while some will just spend days on just a single shot that's only four seconds long at CalArts there was always a handful of first years or second years who wanted to do epic films or films that were just really ambitious when I was a student we had this thing called the second year epic and this happens when a first year finishes their first short film and they feel more confident and you know how to finish a film so when they start their new film they have grand ideas and they think that they have the capabilities to finish a project but what usually happens is that these people realize that they don't have the capabilities they're not skilled enough you don't have enough manpower and reality just sinks in and either the student doesn't finish their film or the film isn't as best as it could be at CalArts the animation program always had a guideline and restriction for each first years have to shoot under 90 seconds and have no dialogue second years got 2 minutes and 30 seconds with dialogue if they wanted third years got a bump up to four minutes and fourth years got up to eight minutes but that's really just for the producer show guideline that the school has but I think it's a good rule to follow especially if you're doing a film for the first time I which is just making a really short film for your first time and have a simple idea don't shoot for anything too ambitious or epic and over time when you make more shorts then you'll feel more confident in adding more ambition more effort more production value and you'll have a good idea of how much you can measure how much work you can produce in the quality of work bet you can produce number two production wise starting at the very first shot until the last shot from beginning to end if you really want to keep your film consistent then I would advise against this as you animate your characters over time the design and style of your characters change due to you having found solutions to animating the design and making it work in your favor so this means that the design and style will change over time since the first time you drew and animated that character if the first few shots have an early version of how you animated that character towards the end where it's more developed it would stick out like a sore thumb I think people are more forgiving about the middle parts or to be specific the middle parts that have scenes that aren't super important so if you're starting animation I would advise starting in the middle personally I like to start with shots I have a lot of movement a lot of action just so that I have a full scope of how I can move the character how the character moves and how I animate that character and then maybe working your way towards the ending of the film and in the start of your film that way the start and end of your film are more consistent whereas the middle it might not be as consistent but I think people are more forgiving so if I have enough time to go back to fakes the first shots that I animated in the middle then I'll use that extra time to redo those shots to make the whole film feel a little more consistent unless you want the film to gradually change over the running time I would just say start somewhere in the middle number three thinking that the acting and timing beats and storyboard represent animation timing unless your storyboards are fully animated and you're just using your storyboards as rough animation reference you have to realize that what reads really well in storyboards may not work well when enemy to me the beauty of storyboarding is that you can just come up with a few drawings a few poses just to sell a single idea when it comes to animation and if you're someone who wants to put a lot of animation in your film what usually happens is that not only do animators like to fully animate the shot with a lot of in-betweens and subtle movement but they like to add a lot more acting detail and a lot of more acting nuances to the character performance so what happens is that people tend to over animate the performance and the performance might just feel chaotic and busy the simple pacing of your storyboard suddenly feel too chaotic when it's all edited with full animation and here's a tip that I like to remind myself storyboards it helps get the idea across animation it helps get the subtext across and that's a lot harder to describe in a shorter amount of time so a single drawing that lasts for let's say four seconds in a storyboard feels right but when we're trying to convey that same exact idea in storyboards but when we try to replicate that same idea in animation with a lot more acting nuances it just feels a lot more busier and tiresome and will make the film feel fast paced so I do have a few suggestions and how you can remedy this one would be to be more decisive and thoughtful of your acting choices pick just a few poses that gets the idea across and already has all those acting nuances in that single pose think of it as performance organization in your animation - is that you can select a few consecutive shots from restore boards that feel Cuddy and combine all those ideas from those panels into just a single shot therefore you have more breathing space for your acting and it would feel less chaotic and Cuddy and three like my suggestion earlier is to fully animate your storyboard so you can just use that as your rough animation but that's if you're the type of guy who over animates their storyboards I like to keep storyboarding and animation separately number for creating the complexity of every shot the same way not every shot of the film should require the same amount of effort not every shot of the film can be finished under the same amount of time and not every shot is as important as others so what I want you guys to start doing especially from your storyboards is to start defining which shots have priority and which shots are minimal priority I like to label them in a B&C a being challenging and will need more time be being not challenging but will need effort not as much time see being not so important and you can save this for later it's a sacrificial shot so if you don't make the deadline you don't mind if this shot isn't as finished as the others so take the time to look at your shot start figuring out which will be challenging which won't require a lot of effort and start figuring out a schedule for you to work with the more challenging shots or the more shots that require effort the more time you'll need again if you're in a tight deadline save sea shots for the very last since they aren't so important to have so much effort and it's something that maybe you can quickly do or get out the way if you need to what I would recommend you guys to do is either do a pipeline test or finish a shot from its rough version to its final look that way you would understand the whole process and you'll have a better understanding and how you can break down the overall process of your film into your schedule number 5 not properly scheduling or just bad scheduling in your production so this can mean that you don't give enough time for more complex shots or you only work on your film last minute before it's due if you have a due date it's like the mistake where you realize that the film is too ambitious for you you'll realize that it's more complicated than it looks so you kind of have to take the time to figure out how long it takes for you to animate something how long it takes for you to paint backgrounds and make a schedule that can work in your favor here's a tip that I'd like to give when it comes to short film productions making a short animated short animated movie is not a sprint unless it's a 48 hour lockdown film but making a short or any personal project again it's a marathon have a steady pace throughout number six is oddly specific but it can easily jeopardize your films production which is not making sure your frames per second matches with your production overall in animation and short film making having matching FPS or frames per second is everything the standard II's and a lot of animation productions use 24 frames per second technically for standalone HD format 23.976 FPS but whatever weird fps you use make sure it matches everything else for video editing sake you'll start to notice problems if you're trying to put in 24 FPS shots when let's say animatic timeline is 30 frames per second or you used the 30fps animatic for example to count how many frames each shot is for something that's 24 frames per second and when you put it together in video editing you'll notice that some shots appear way longer or way shorter than you intended it to be and it can really screw up editing wise sound design wise you'll have to do last-minute adjustments such as extending a single shot or shortening a single shot and this might involve sacrificing some animation work and it's happened to me multiple times this problem can also ruin the intended pacing you have for the film number seven banking on the film too much to be meaningful successful maybe your film is to want to fill your dark soul with light look adding so much pressure to your film would mean so much unnecessary pressure to you it'll just make you so much more angsty and it might be so unbearable that you might just want to give up on your film I'm going to have to explain this just a little more I think it's okay to have expectations for your film I think it's okay to have expectations for where this film will take you what opportunities it might open I think that's totally normal but there might be a possibility that you might be banging too much of your expectations on this film meaning that if you finished the film and if it doesn't take you to places that you want it to you just deem it as a failure and this mindset is generally bad to have not every film you make is gonna be a success not every film is gonna take you to places and if you just think that oh this film didn't take me to places it's a failure I don't want to make any more films it just makes you want to give up right when I did my student films at CalArts I had these high expectations for my films so they would get me internships at studios like Pixar DreamWorks and Disney and guess what I never got any summer gig or internships so what did I do I beat myself over the head of it I compared myself to my classmates who did get internships it just gave me a poises mindset that just made me compare myself to my classmates it destroyed me emotionally and it created rifts and my friendships and it wasn't until like my third or fourth year that I just decided I want to have fun and I just want to learn stuff and I just want to make films just for the sake of it I like telling stories I like learn something new that will help me the line I like having fun with the overall process so the way I approach or make films or personal projects such as sizzle reels or proof of concepts it's just there for me to learn something it's also there for me to express a story and can it help me get to places and higher opportunities absolutely I can send these films to film festivals I can use my films to prove my employers that I understand a workflow and a pipeline and that I can use it to sell a creative vision if you're working in animation I kind of encourage everyone to just try making a film from beginning to end because there are a lot of people that can animate there are a lot of people that can storyboard a lot of people share the same skills that you do but not a lot of people share a similar vision an aesthetic a sensibility that only you can offer and the best way I think you can offer that is through personal projects like a short film so again don't bank your success and Happiness on your project when you finish it because that's just gonna make you not love the craft rather focus on the learning experience to share your vision to express stories those opportunities will come down the line later down the future remember if you're thinking about directing or leading a project that's much bigger that needs more people more people are willing to work with you because they can sense a joy and passion that you have when it comes to making films I mean imagine finishing a project that you lead and you're like oh my god that project sucked we failed we all failed guys it just ruins the whole vibe and it's just not good in the long run career-wise for you anyways those are just my thoughts if you guys have any ideas or anything that you'd like to share that you consider a common mistake to you when it comes to short filmmaking please share it down below anyways thank you so much for watching this video interested in learning hand-drawn animation or learning how to finish an animated shot from beginning to end have a look at the store where you'll find the complete introduction to 2d animation video course tutorials and other resources learn classical animation approaches drawing lectures techniques and other process videos visit the store through the link in the description below

  Top Comments:
  1. @B-Cii [6 likes]: I'm honestly doing something too ambitious BUT....So far I'm enjoying the process and I'm accepting it WON'T be perfect. And I'm not even gonna cry trying to make it that way. I've already had a cry session.
  2. @Phoenix.Sparkles [1 likes]: The too big too epic concept doesn't seem to affect me, sure I have struggled, but that's what motivates me.
  3. @jilliancrawford7577 [1 likes]: 7:50 so would this be a way to measure out a project to make sure you don't get too ambitious like what you talked about with your first point? I often get overly ambitious about what I can or can't do because my chronic health issues make some things easy one day and harder the next and thus difficult to consistently measure and predict.
  4. @paetrpeter [1 likes]: I know I'm late to this video - but it was super helpful to me, so thanks YouTube Algorithm!

I'm in the beginning of creating a short film and these tips are exactly what I needed to hear. You did a great job breaking down your experience and the pitfalls that you found. Thanks!
  5. @JoeBubbleWorld: This video was exactly what I needed to hear
  6. @blithestrokes: my first short film was 3 minutes long, and was recently premiered on youtube after being in production for one year. it still has a lot of areas for improvement (ofcourse), but the bigger picture is that it was completed
  7. @Novaconis: man... our student film fell apart because one team mate didn't use any of the organization apps, diagrams and sheets I made, I wish I reinforced it because then same team mate kept suggesting wild ideas that didn't work or just didn't make any sense as we were working, him and I kept butting heads on creative decisions throughout the whole production, redoing work as we worked actively on it, costing time and greatly more the quality of our film, we finished it last minute, but it looks like a child's first attempt at drawing... I know what mistakes to avoid next I lead a Team Organisation and overall direction
  8. @PoisedPickleAnimations: Starting in the middle when animating was absolutely genius, thank you!
  9. @jobigoud: When it comes to the order of implementation there are some seemingly contradictory suggestions. A shot can be important vs non-important, simple vs complex, middle or start/end. Should you start with less important shots in order to work out style and benefit from this experience for later, or should you always start with the more important shots, in case you don't have time for the less important ones? Should you start with the more complex or the simplest? If you start in the middle because it's less important it kinda contradicts the other suggestions. Looks like the best is to start at the end on an important shot and assume it's going to be re-done a few times.
  10. @TrivenTheArtist: Thank you
  11. @SoulShadeCartoons: I recently started making animated shorts. After weeks of work, I got only 650 views in return. It's really discouraging.
  12. @FlickeringFoxStudios: thank you so much for talking about the last reason
  13. @shakeemwinn3647: I'm definitely finishing mine. It's the first one that I'm going balls to the walls on. It's epic in scope as well. I guess it's all about what you're willing to do or not do.
  14. @ClabeTickel: Tbh I was only paying attention to the mice
  15. @dawgsideofthemoon.: Hey!! What do you use to animate + make storyboards on?
  16. @AlbertoGomez-oi5ou: thanks master, your words mean a lot to us
  17. @Yokomation: Last year when i was working on jurassica Safari Park, i Ran into the "Too Big, Too Epic" Thing and i did put it down and i was considering to never make it but, after getting a Storyboard animation up and haveing planned things out, i think it´s less challangeing (the video´s around 11 mintues and 24 seconds long) and i did plan out things pretty well by
splitting them up into scenes where i start to animate when i get some models done and ready(im a 3D animator so that´s why im saying this modeling thing) 
i´ll likely edit this when i have done it or atleast a good ways into the project
  18. @chrounous: Oh god, one hit me like a truck as i'm currently working on my first short film for school and so far i'm glad my teacher is reviewing my Storyboards and making shots simpler. I will be coming back to this in the coming for reference 😅😢
  19. @dio_hoestar_4204: One thing I'd say is : the software/tools don't make the ability.
I spend a lot of time researching software and workarounds when I could be just doing it.
If it's a hobby sure, but in an academic/pro setting it can eat up so much valuable time.
Software and tools can enhance your abilities, but they can't magically make up for it.
The basics really are important.
I constantly shoot myself in the foot with big ambitions, skipping pre production and software obsession.
It would probably be more useful to do bouncy ball exercises lmao
  20. @cloudymatchalarge: reason 1 and 7 absolutely slapped me in the face. i have never made a short film before (only comics and illustrations) and i know that the film i want to make is too ambitious and epic. and i definitely cannot finish it by December if that's my end goal. I'm also banking on the success too much when admittedly, i haven't done enough vis dev work for the film and I'm already daydreaming about its success. so from a 10 minute short, I'll make a 1 minute and 30 second proof of concept of my idea so i can test things out! thanks for the vid toniko!

- How Reaction Videos Ruined the Internet: Kind: captions Language: en oh my god did you see what xqc said about MC when he reacted hanan's reaction video about sniper Wolf's tweet about ludwick's video on asmin gold sword on how World of Warcraft is uh kind of stupid I guess or something I didn't really actually listen to the original point I got to make a green screen reaction Tik Tok about this and not say a single word I'm just going to stare blankly into the camera while I play someone else's video hey guys welcome back to scrolling Reddit and today we're going to scroll Reddit and look at things other people made Let's just jump into it did you see the new drama you got to watch this new Tik Tock reaction oh my God spill the tee I got a tweet about this shut up shut up shut up oh my god oh I can feel my brains leaking out of my ears quick someone turn on towns today we're going to make George Washington some fried chicken oh my God I can feel it healing me thank you what is up my little goblins and it's me a somewhat circular internet guy making internet videos talking about other internet people making internet videos and I for one feel sick I'm aware this isn't an overwhelmingly uplifting topic for a video but I got to get this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] off my chest man I genuinely have real fears about how current Internet video content is created distributed consumed and replicated and the general direction that the average aspiring Creator is headed I feel the actual Act of Creation is slowly being damaged over time and before you say anything no I'm not putting only animators on some infinitely tall sanctimonious pedestal we chose the worst content genre and it unfortunately takes a lot of time Blood Sweat and Tears to make anything mostly the tears part the desire to become an influencer sorry I just thought of that term has never been more colossal and the routes in which individuals will take to achieve that has never been more accessible and with that you'd think the quality of the content would Skyrocket with the heightened output but I think we've seen quite literally the exact opposite but do not get it twisted there are absolutely outstandingly talented creators popping up on every corner of the internet at all moments of every day within every genre I'm not some jaded old man pissing up at the clouds and wondering why it's raining ah curse you weather man but the platforms people make content on especially Tik Tok and we'll get to that are often predatory at best and extremely damaging at worse and these problems are inflated even more when we realize how content gets recommended and in front of your eyes to begin with let's start with vertical content as a medium vertical videos are now the single most consumed form of Digital entertainment in the world by a long long shot it has completely cannibalized almost every single form of digital content entirely and has now landed as the main form of content you're probably going to see on a day-to-day basis vertical short form content as a medium was designed to function like a bag of chips extremely easy to consume with one hand no thought is really put into ingesting them and you'll often find yourself eating way too many and probably feeling bad by the end of it vertical videos obviously cater to your scrolling thumb give me a break please you can swipe through hundreds if not thousands of videos extremely fast but this also created an awkward tall aspect ratio which by the way after so many reposts can make the most horrible watching experience ever [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] created these videos are also meant to be short usually between 15 to 60 seconds even though some of the vertical content apps are trying to move away from this rule we still see that the majority of the content remains in this Zone all in all this form of content is meant to beam thousands of videos a day into your little brain holes which by Design will more than likely mostly consist of low quality low effort videos that you'll forget about extremely fast and that's sadly understandable honest question why would you spend a ton of time making one of these videos if it's probably going to get scrolled past or even watched entirely forgotten about and buried under 500 other videos in that same hour answer is you don't that's the name of the game sure there are some incredibly talented creators making high concept High effort content on these platforms and I'll link some of my favorites in the description and I myself try my hardest to make sure everything I make is high quality funny and worth watching but that's incredibly rare on these platforms now of course I'm not some prude that thinks only the most amazing content should exist on the platform I mean boy you're watching one of my videos I know buddy I know let it out but what this effect does is shoehorns users into making as much content as humanly possible but there's only a few ways you can reliably do that the most popular one being that funny sound bit or joke someone else made use it someone else's funny video put yourself in front of it a popular bit or Trend steal it one for one free booot entire videos and react to freeb booted videos you like an entire audio clip you didn't make at a text to speech voice and some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] GTA 5 gameplay or Subway Surfers and rot your viewers brain until they become a pile of sludge stop right there Circle we're the argument police argument police and you're arent is stupid are you honestly saying that this sort of behavior hasn't always been apparent in the content space hey hey officers officers take the wife somewhere nice okay Dad we've all had our differences right but we can all [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] agree that this is [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] right what is that this is Instagram reals recommending encouraging and autogenerating a video for me using someone else's video formula and slapping on an audio I didn't make to post and call my own Jesus Christ and I want your badge number rookie I've never seen your face before where's Georgie huh you know his old partner don't you bring up Georgie you know what happened I can speak about him as much as I'd like you know damn well I loved him too theft stolen ideas free booting unoriginal material and everything in between has existed since dinosaurs were objectively the best subass to spec into as a child but I want to play with trucks we are learning about the Plesiosaurus but never has video manipulation and theft been as encouraged and easy to access as it is now oh that joke you saw was funny click this little button steal the entire thing and do it yourself often you'll get more views than the original and even if you use the unconventional classic forms of theft it's still completely encouraged because they don't combat it whatsoever and flagging Stolen videos literally does nothing at all me and my friends have tried on hundreds of different occasions to stop this blatant stealing an identity theft and Tik Tock refuses to do [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] anything I mean look at this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] do you know how many times I've had comments on on my videos asking me where the original audio came from me it came from me it came from my lungs and my heart almost every app has multiple features specifically designed for streamlined theft reposts remakes and freeb booots Tik Tok obviously being the absolute worst offender here it's easy to access it's shoved in your face it's put into targeted ads and it continues to push the idea that anyone can become rich and famous through just a few simple Taps take it from someone that makes videos for a living including including mostly really short ones this mindset that anything and everything is free game stealable reactable and that you should do all of these things and if you do it over and over again you'll become a super famous content creator is straight up predatory especially on these apps where there are so many impressionable Play-Doh brained children about 6 months ago I filmed a Tik Tock reaction video for my second Channel I had some buddies of mine curate some of the most insane videos they could find so I could watch them live on camera laugh at them and do some commentary over them I actually really enjoyed making the video some of the clips I watched were genuinely funny and I think I made some pretty good jokes as well but almost minutes after I finished exporting the thing I had a horrible feeling wash over me I just stared at it in my video folder for like 5 minutes straight like it was some ancient evil artifact that should never see the light of day it was worthless content built off the backs of those that actually made funny watchable content sure I made some jokes and I did my best to add to it but was it really even worth uploading what was the point I had made literally nothing so IET deled it and I never really looked back xqc has recently found himself in some heated discourse related to the same topic and has also been kind of made the poster boy of the entire issue it's a growing sentiment that reaction content is lazy easy and theft which is interesting because as a society this thought has bounced around quite a lot Jinx was early to the react craze and instantly got blasted by the entire internet years ago the Fine Brothers were extremely popular but then tried to copyright the very Act of uh being a human with human emotions that mixed with some horrible other [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] they then fell into a downward Trend and faded into the void but now it's 2023 and reaction content couldn't be more popular or more divisive if it tried you'll Now find hundreds of thousands of clips of every Creator live streaming YouTube and watching other people's content often not even speaking sometimes eating food and the hilarious worst one is when they get up and leave entirely leaving the video to play on their Channel with zero added input xqc has been called out for this numerous times and this started a wave of people in General calling out this form of content on the other side you have those that argue that this is a good thing and it bolsters and inflates smaller creators when they've been seen by such a massive audience but this has been proven to be false most of the time it's very rare that these smaller channels receive any significant bump and it often actually scraps many chances of you organically watching the original video yourself because why would you watch an hourong video with a twitch streamer and then re-watch that same video again by yourself W I bet you guys know the answer Say it With Me Now you won't now of course xqc isn't the problem no single person is the issue it's a multi-headed Hydra Sniper Wolf probably being the biggest and most [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] annoying head of them all her content is genuinely the most deplorable shameful most embarrassingly vile blatant theft on YouTube she will fully steal popular videos crop out the watermark not give credit and then often steal the top comments from that video and call it her joke she hit it with a haduk the powers of my infinite it's gotten so bad that Jax films has created a parody Channel where he does sniperwolf Bingo streams and predicts what she'll say because her disgusting theft content is so formulaic and predictable this is so full Antonio [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] on steroids people come on why have we fallen so low data breaches extremely predatory algorithms hashtags and trends that prey on negative emotions attention span killing Frameworks and some of the worst misinformation and the NPC fetish Trend put aside for a moment Tik Tok and many of its wannabe clones has per permanently change the landscape of content creation but let's slow it down let's take it back a few steps and throw it back as well there are some benefits to this new system though it's easier to enter the world of content creation and people are no longer gatee kept behind editing softwares or expensive equipment sometimes hilarious and impressive collaborations Spawn from these stitch together videos and many commentary channels old and new actually make transformative content that highlights and plays well off of this increased output of content they strive to actually add more value to the original Source not just rip it off for easy content and I've absolutely seen users take pre-existing audio clips and modify or enhance the joke making it even better and to be honest I myself enjoy a lot of stuff on my feed I'm constantly sending the most insane and bizarre Clips I can find to my friends sometimes crying from laughter or cringing at the dumbest [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] oh my God I actually think we've seen a sort of Renaissance when it comes to old 20008 style videos that you'd find on YouTube back in the day now that everyone has a camera in their pockets it was inevitable that we'd see an flux of horrible content but we've also gained an increase of hilariously raw insane Clips I mean where else could I find this take this and even though my memes and cursed video folders on Instagram bring me a lot of Joy I think my point here still stands I may fall victim to the parasitic nature of lying in bed and scrolling for way too long but I still don't think this new world of content creation is necessarily a better one we used to kind of have two separate digital hubs for everything one being social media where you could say or post literally anything and it kind of didn't matter and most of it wasn't worth reading but it wasn't really meant to be then you had content creation platforms like YouTube or twitch just to name a few where at least the elevator pitch was to at least strive to make content that's worth watching these two hubs have now Blended together creating a homunculus of bandwidth centered around every living thought imaginable forever etched into the internet as soon as you can think it which I reiterate isn't a wonderfully uplifting notion considering every young impressionable child has a phone or iPad now and studies now show that this level of early integration often leads to heavy mental health problems with increased rates of anxiety and depression not only that but Tik Tok has been proven to in sometimes in a few minutes be able to pinpoint a person's interests including depression and overfeed a user with only those videos and relevant hashtags which is a little D but I was anxious before Tik Tok so maybe I'm just [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] cooler than you I don't know but with all of this in mind and outside my rambling we return to my original critique and the original issue at hand reaction content every issue I've outlined previously does nothing but embolden it if facilitates horrendous theft it encourages a quantity over quality common practice and it pushes the argument that making one toone copy accounts is normal and should just be accepted it would take me over a hundred videos to accurately break down the pros and cons with this current content landscape but I feel I have to somewhat explore all of these topics to properly articulate myself when it specifically comes to reaction videos Vine was nearly the exact opposite of what we're seeing today because of the harsh 6-second restriction creators were forced to be quick clever and genuine with their content that paired with a simple UI and barely any content creation features we really did have an influx of people at least trying their hardest to be as creative as possible necessity is the mother of invention and The Road Less Traveled is usually a bumpier one oh what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is that thing oh hey people don't really come by here that often but I promise if you want to make stuff it'll always be far more filling even if you don't see the stupid number go up which frequently is artificially inflated on these apps anyway now I'd like you guys just to try a little exercise for me scroll your feed for 10 minutes and really take note of how many things you see that are 100% originally created and get back to me with the results next if you make content on any platform challenge yourself to make something totally original it can be super simple just make it yourself don't steal an audio clip or a joke or an easy tread someone else's video and add [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Family Guy Clips to it make something with your own damn hands and be proud of it in short I hate reaction videos I hate the current lazy reaction culture so much it drives me theing crazy but maybe the entirety of my anger stems just from that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] annoying Tik Tock voice this is SOI when I steal cleon's videos [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @CircleToonsHD [6700 likes]: This video took an unbelievable amount of hard work and time, so I rarely say this, but I'd love you FOREVER if you liked, commented and shared!! It takes 5 seconds and helps out SOOO MUCH.
Also, what did you think of the video?! What's your opinion on the topic??? I'd love to hear it :) I'll be reading every comment.
  2. @JohnEz [1 likes]: 8 to 8
  3. @Franz-r4m [1 likes]: Whos Nori?
  4. @PhantomCrypt: Fast Forward 2 years from when he uploaded this, it's gotten far worse, people dont even watch original content, they watch channels who steal online videos and give no credit to creators at all. and for some reason in the future here in 2026 jackfilms is the the only content creator still calling this crap out
  5. @Komi617: 7:59 I’ve seen people clip the vids they react to and only keep the time they say something. This is to encourage people to actually look at the og video.
  6. @simont3042: legal plagarism
  7. @Dave_the_person: Okay i watched my feed for 10 minutes watching 25 videos 
17 being original and 8 of them being not original. 
I barley watch shorts now though
  8. @mi834: 2026 and its WORSE! Reaction videos are the laziest content ever. I refuse to follow Youtubers who only do them.
  9. @GillgameshConsumerOfReality: Okay hear me out. A whole web comic or video series of The Adventures of The Argument Police and how they just fuck with Circle and everyone else whilst lamenting the forever unexplained loss of Georgie.
  10. @Atphi-x3k: Why does this dude’s videos give me the same feel as TheOddOnesOut?
  11. @cherry-p1u1c: Does it count if there's a song? Like a completely original animation but with a song?
  12. @Enterusername-m9b: There is one reaction YouTuber that is good and that is EthannnYT
  13. @Wyachu25: Ya 2.5 out of 10 shorts were unique. 1 I counted as half as it was explaining the press blue or red button if pess than half press blue everyone who presses blue who died
  14. @ColinHarper-n4o: 4:30-4:52 This is exactly what I want spread across YouTube to wake people up
  15. @anthonydeadman: There's an irony to the fact I actually discovered you and your content through a VTuber who reacted to it on her Twitch stream.
  16. @other_internet_guy: what's the original audio (he was then shoted 47 times)
  17. @Germy_Maggot-thy-sixty-fourth: Wow
  18. @ColinHarper-n4o: Update: It’s been 1 Month since I saw this video apparently.. it feels like 2. I’ve come across so many channels of theft. Speed McQueen, Blockside News, Jimrants… God there’s so much. Diamond Block, Blockside News, and Jimrants are all full of AI slop. I am calling on all my comrades watching this to storm those channels and point out all the stolen vids and AI slop, cuz sadly, Speed McQueen has 13 MILLION SUBS! 13 MILLION BRAINWASHED SUBSCRIBERS COMPLETELY OBLIVIOUS TO THE FACT THAT HE STEALS! SAME WITH JIMRANTS AT 1 MILLION SUBS! 
Channels that Speed McQueen steals from: Ryan HD or Ryan Lombard, Luke Davidson, Zack D Films, and Radouken. As for Jimrants, he steals from Thomas Mulligan, and Cleo Abram. As for the Diamond Block, he uses AI slop and BS, and he steals from Camman18 I suppose. There’s lots of Animal vids that steal YouTube Classics and put em in a ranking vid. How pathetic. Search those up and tell em to give credit or just report em. Your choice. We must do our best to cleanse YouTube of this Theft Plague. Good luck, comrades. SPREAD OUT!
  19. @famfandango: (4:41) Disgusting. (6:25) You got a lot of copy cats, but you never asked for that.
  20. @artyg3011: (Insert Comment Text)

- BFDI Intros but Ruined by Sora 2 AI: Kind: captions Language: en Okay, everybody. Can we just talk this out? >> Talk. I'm done talking. YOU STOLE MY T. >> HEY, BACK OFF. >> WHOA. WHOA. BREAK IT UP. >> MY FLAME. >> EVERYONE COOL IT BEFORE SOMEBODY GETS CRACKED. >> YOU STARTED IT, >> DID NOT. ENOUGH. LISTEN TO ME. WHY ARE you smiling like that? >> Because I'm ABOUT TO WIN. HEY, [screaming] KNOCK IT OFF. >> QUIT SHOVING. >> THEY'RE GOING TO WRECK THE FIELD. >> HOLD STILL. I'M SEPARATING YOU. >> STARTED IT, DID NOT. >> ENOUGH. BOTH OF YOU BREAK. >> YEAH. COOL IT BEFORE SOMEONE BREAK ME OUT FIRST. >> UH, OKAY. It's apparently fight time, but the rules are still the same. Choose one prisoner from the tiny loser chamber to free. Comment with the name of the character you want. >> Out away. WATCH THE EDGE. >> FIRST PLACE IS MINE. >> NOT FOR LONG. >> MISSED. >> WA! YOU'RE SLIPPING BACK. Stay down. I've got a race to win. >> BEHIND YOU. >> OKAY, BACK OFF. BR. >> Not a chance. >> Ow. Quit shoving. >> Take this. >> That's what you get. Ke's mine. >> What if I grab it first? >> Everyone stop. Try again.

  Top Comments:
  1. @jing_osc_coinpin [15 likes]: Teardrop talking
  2. @zaurifu [3 likes]: Please never do ts again 😞
  3. @sultanirohulla4501 [3 likes]: Is that? Marker.
  4. @Misaelito-w1 [3 likes]: 0:33 Nah where is going Robot.🥀
  5. @nathbloxosc [2 likes]: Why are most of them just fighting for no reasons??
  6. @S1LLY_KLTKMR_LOVER185 [2 likes]: 0:34 Marker Jumpscare
  7. @demarcuscurtis3546 [1 likes]: 😢
  8. @ChirpinThat-o4i [1 likes]: yep okay sora is kinda excellent
  9. @isacara8567 [1 likes]: 0:40 Honestly these dances are fire i hope they make those dances at the end of TPOT
  10. @HadiidCanva [1 likes]: 0:12 Did Needle just did a Domain Expansion?
  11. @chickenstars2014 [1 likes]: 0:00 South Park be like:
  12. @Gamer62914 [1 likes]: i thought it’s a fight cloud
  13. @helikapyt [1 likes]: 0:29 fanon marker dance?
0:39 tpot dance
  14. @realcyber_sprite [1 likes]: 0:40 why the contestants are weirdly dancing?
  15. @MEQUOT_HERE [1 likes]: I found the Teardrop voice ahh Sora Ai
  16. @sultanirohulla4501 [1 likes]: 😢
😂😂😂😂😂😂
  17. @CAPEPO_OFICIAL: 0:18 yeah come get some you freaking wuss
  18. @Ealygang407: Bro, tennis ball doesn’t have hands
  19. @NTM_Usa3: What the fuck
  20. @BartJAP: bfdi: fight started by pin and tennisball
bfdia: started by rocky,match,and ruby
idfb: idk how it started 
bfb: it was a race
tpot: started by donut

- Snoop Dogg reacting to me ruining his song: Kind: captions Language: en Nate I take a little something for the G and make a few ends through two in the morning and the party still jumping cause my mama ain't home I got adventures in the living room getting it on and they ain't leaving till six in the morning [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @ThereIRuinedIt [13000 likes]: Texas friends: a live band version of "There I Ruined It" is off and running! See where we're playing next and hear a clip of the band at there-i-ruined-it.com!
  2. @VickieMartin-w2g [1 likes]: This clip never gets old
  3. @MWSin1 [1 likes]: I love the way that he went from confusion to acceptance.
  4. @jeremiah_dyess [1 likes]: Just wondering how that Trump thing working out for Snoop. Can someone explain to me how working in the society so our tax dollars can buy bombs to blow up brown people works into his groove.
  5. @MinistryOfBrainrot: Absolutely based
  6. @warriorsunite: What am I watching,what is this song 🤣?
  7. @TheRealCelticBatman: that'll be $250,000 appearance fee
  8. @ardillarojo: You improved it!
  9. @Randumbplayer: What having Pharrell Williams on a beat does to a person
  10. @chrisbrown456: I'm in tears laughing at the expression on his face lmao
  11. @billrich9722: I'm not sure what to say.  That was adorable.
  12. @ImNotNormAll: Snoop is wearing an Ottawa Senators jersey 😅
  13. @MaidenSnailz: he starting vibing with it at the end though lmao
  14. @MichaelDarrow-tr1mn: he is so perplexed he kept changing his camera's white balance
  15. @Sweetest_Fraulein: Perfect 😂
  16. @saijovierundachtzig6346: That's was a B-side from the original😅
  17. @KatsKats96720: 😂😂😂
  18. @Venaisky1: Metalhead fan but I love what Snoop Dogg means! Real legend!
  19. @Dervraka: You see the five stages of grief expressed on Snoop's face until finally at the end he reaches the conclusion of his emotional journey and just accepts it.
  20. @nerdytom6881: I like Snoop Dogg, he doesn't take his rap image too seriously.

- Animating a Youtube Intro - Motion Design Workflow Tutorial: Kind: captions Language: en in this video I'm gonna show you how I animated this YouTube intro Let's begin I was contacted by Alex to make a new video intro for his channel he makes very funny gaming videos covering minecraft Roblox and other adjacent things that are all thoroughly entertaining do check him out the brief was to make something similar to the dino scene in my intro but with stuff from his cinematic universe I sketched this up in procreate I drew all of the assets in Illustrator and then added the grain and texture in Photoshop I used a custom Photoshop brush that I made that is available for download free in the description I animated this over two days so instead of making this a 16 hour tutorial I'm gonna break down the most requested elements from the teasers that I put up on my Instagram stories I'll cover the blobs at the start the main burst of the objects outwards and the dogs little paddling legs for the blobs of the start they were animated in rough animator on the iPad I drew an X on a new layer where I wanted all of the blobs to converge at the end and I drew that as a guide and extended that to cover eight frames on a new layer I drew a frame of the blob appearing from the bottom of the screen created a new frame and drew it going further in that direction and another following it once more this is called animating straight ahead where one drawing follows the previous one without much planning so it feels kind of spontaneous then I wanted the blob to slow down so in the next frame it's much shorter and the front doesn't move as far ahead and then on the next frame shorter still and less movement and I did that for two more frames slightly turning towards the X I then on the last frame a really long blob tapering into the center covering a lot of ground because in the middle section here we've got lots of frames close together not moving very far the motion appears to slow down and then speed back up at the last moment as it's sucked into the middle I didn't have a pass on this blob creating a new layer and cleaning that up just using a bigger brush and then I did that a bunch of times with slight variations to the size and the path from the speed of each blob so then we get this chaotic collection of blobs going in all directions and then I use the script on the rough animator website to import that project into After Effects I did this main explosion here using a really neat scale expression I'll demonstrate it on a simpler scene here I've got all the objects that will burst out from the center and they're all in their individual pre comps and I've got a null in the very center of a comp as well I'm gonna select all of our orange comps which are our objects and parent those to our null Center and then I'm gonna animate the scale of this null if you open up the scale with s on our keyboard and drag it up and down you can see our objects can burst out from the middle but when they go to the center they get a tiny tiny tiny and it looks like they're going into the distance rather than bursting out at the middle we're gonna use this magical expression to fix that what this expression does is it takes the position from the scaling of the parent but not the scale itself I'll show you what that means so with the dog here I'm gonna open up his scale with s on the keyboard alt or option click the stopwatch here open up the expressions window and then I'm gonna paste in that expression now if we go back to our center null and adjusted scale you can see that that dog's size maintains consistent and now if we right click on its scale property over here and select copy expression only we can select the other orange pre comps press ctrl V and it's pasted onto all of them wonderful and then we just need to keyframe the scale of that null adjust the curves in the graph editor to get the speed we want and we're golden you can then add individual rotations to each of these pre comps by themselves or even position and scale to get some more parallax and with them all individually animated inside their own pre comps the whole thing looks like this now let's talk about the dog's legs the roughs for these were done in rough animated too I use this gif of a dog swimming for reference I tried my best to apply that same motion to the lake shapes that I've got on here I only animated one front in one back leg because I knew in after effects I could just duplicate them offset them and then get a right and left version to clean up these roughs I used a shape layer in After Effects which is my new favorite method so to clean up this front leg with the pen tool selected I'm going to create a new shape by drawing over the top I'm gonna lower the transparency so I can see the ruffs underneath a little better change its name cause we always label our layers and then I'm gonna open up its path property keyframe that and on the next frame make some adjustments to match the roughs underneath and then continue that for the rest of the sequence there's only ten frames so it didn't take long at all I did that same process for both legs and the tail for the grain shading on everything I used the effect roughen edges on some shape layers you can get the full nitty-gritty on my method for that in my latest grain tutorial and I use the same overlaying textures from my looping textures tutorial as well I made a short playlist of some related videos that'll think you'll enjoy if you've made it this far I'll see you in the next video and please consider subscribing if you'd like more of these videos every week subtitle: Zoe J Marriott

  Top Comments:
  1. @Seazured [1 likes]: I miss Alex so much
  2. @shamgates1253 [1 likes]: OMG Bro, You are life saver
you Helped me a lot to get my new job, basically I'm video editor with a little knowledge in after effects, but the new job require more knowledge about motion graphic, Your channel has been the best reference for me throughout the past period.
Thanks from the heart Bro
  3. @BlueStar-c9k1r: If any person was intermediate in After effect then what process they get to be noob to pro ? Please enlight by ur thoughtful reply
  4. @BlueStar-c9k1r: Copying ur expression, is that not look like cheating. If anyone working on their project then how they have such suitable expression for them for their project work ??????
  5. @guinho4756: Anyone knows how to make the null centre? is it a solid?
  6. @jesperjee: I have seen and tried most of your tutorials for years now...But it's just too damn hard.
  7. @lakshithalucky99: amazing <3
  8. @darrellstevens374: I think I love you :face-turquoise-covering-eyes:
  9. @Antonio-id9ld: how to save and use if or instagram or YouTube?
  10. @KZAH.Online: There’s no way this only took 16 hours over 2 days… You have a godspeed level workflow 🔥
  11. @nguyenling4478: Was looking for something more detail:((( Hope you will make a full tutorial T_T
  12. @BibliaMinecraft: Hey Ben, thank you for this tutorial. I was trying 02:14 technique for a project of mine, but after using the expression, when I change the null scale the elements fly all around with no order. It doesn't look as neat as your elements. What I am doing wrong?
  13. @kill2much546: O my god that Dog is adorable😍😍
  14. @suns310mgd: s = [];
ps = parent.transform.scale.value;
for (i = 0; i < ps.length; i++){
s[i] = value[i]*100/ps[i]
}
s
  15. @jamaylarenea: Super Cool intro!💜 my laptop is busted so i can’t create on AE right now but I love watching tutorials 💜💜
  16. @lynthedesigner: Ben, you are a blessing in the creative community.

Thank you, thank you, thank you!
  17. @Karter55: i stopped watching this guy when i was young because he said he had 3 nipples and i got scared and stopped watching him thanks for recovering this repressed memory
  18. @JNeptuness: Hey think u can do one for me??
  19. @heavenly_black_lotus: I love the fact that i always get inspired from your work wherever i am down.
  20. @taylorking7135: This is incredible, great tutorial Ben!

- How To Make Epic VFX YouTube Intros In Davinci Resolve: Kind: captions Language: en Today, I'm going to show you how to create the most badass YouTube intros for your channel. It doesn't matter what kind of content you create, I'm going to cover all different kinds of intros and also show you a logo reveal that you can use in your intros and it's super easy to do. So, the first thing you want to do is click the link down in the description. It will take you to this website called Envato Elements. It's an incredible website that has an insane amount of DaVinci Resolve assets that I've been using actually for the last couple months. There's a free 7-day trial, so make sure to take advantage of that. And what's awesome is with the subscription, you can download as many different things as you want with in your subscription period. And then also, it allows you to pay monthly or annually. Now, I highly suggest doing the annual plan because let me tell you, I thought I was only going to use 1 month and now I'm on month number four. So, definitely do the annual plan. It's absolutely the best website where you get the most value for your money. Once you've signed up, select video templates, then select DaVinci Resolve. And here you'll see a bunch of different templates that are available. So, I'm just going to go ahead and click on the urban opener and select download. Then add to download, it should download a folder for you. Open up DaVinci Resolve and once you get to your projects, right-click and select restore project archive. Go to your downloads folder, go ahead and click on the drop-down menu. And this specific urban opener actually has two options. You have a 23-second and a 12-second. We're just going to open up the 12-second. So, what I'm going to do is click on that project DRP and drag it into the folder in the DaVinci Resolve window. Then select open. Then select okay. Once you've done that, double-click on the urban opener. Now, I am on a Mac, so if you come down here to the cog and you select the master settings, and then you scroll down and you see the optimized media format and render cache format. These by default are for Windows machines, so I just click on the ProRes LT and turn the seconds down to 1 second. Then go ahead and click save. Turn your playback on to smart cache, that way it kind of renders while you work on the project. So, once you have this window open, what you can do is come up here to your media pool and at the top left, you'll see master. Go ahead and select placeholders and what you can do is double-click on placeholder number one and you'll see these two markers. What you'll want to do is drag in some media from another folder or just put it into your media pool and then drag it in between these two markers. Then select the render tab and if you don't see the render or placeholder tab, you can click on your timeline view options and turn this on and off to toggle back and forth. Then what you would want to do is replace the placeholder for each frame coming up in this intro, depending on how long you want to go for. Now, I recommend keeping these intros short and sweet. And if you use this individually for a specific video, that's awesome. You can reuse this template for different types of videos. All right. So, next what you want to do is come up here to the text option under the assets and double-click on title number one. Then go ahead and select the text plus. Then up here on the right-hand side, you will see the word urban. You can type in whatever you want and it will create this awesome effect when you go to render it. It's kind of like a glitchy effect. It's super awesome, really neat. So now, as you can see, this is what we have so far. And like I said, you can just continue to replace the placeholder spots with video clips, depending on how long you want your intro to be. Let's hop back into the website and type in elegant logo. Go ahead and download the quick logo reveal. So, go ahead and open up that folder you just downloaded for your logo reveal. Now, you're not going to import this like you did the previous intro. What you're actually going to want to do is, obviously I'm on a Mac, but you want to go up to your library, select application support, select Blackmagic, and then scroll down until you see Fusion. Click on Fusion. You'll want to drag the QLR into the macros. Jump back into DaVinci Resolve, click effects, go ahead and drag a Fusion composition inside the timeline. Click on Fusion with your playhead over that clip. Hold down shift and press spacebar and type in QLR. It'll bring up this node. So, what you'll want to do is connect the QLR node to the media output. Then what you want to do is find your logo or an image that you'd want to reveal and drag it into your node graph down below. Then connect that node to the QLR. With the QLR node selected, you can come up here to the logo size and make it a little bit bigger. You can adjust the colors of specific things like lighting, background color, and the background light opacity. Come back here to your timeline and let the logo reveal cache itself. I hope you guys enjoyed my little secret of where I get all my filmmaking tools. Like and subscribe and I will see you guys in my next video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @talk_with_tanish [8 likes]: Watching form INDIA
  2. @Mystic_sky-puppies: too bad this is no longer a free thing to try out. guess i need to go some where to learn how to do this all from the ground up
  3. @MikxAnime254: you r my first teacher, am self learning using your tutorials on twitch as a guide 2026 first class Tuesday 27/01/2026 be blessed. kimmikxgaming
  4. @johnnowacki1303: Envato is TRASH
  5. @xdlol7251: hey Jamie may i ask that if we're using the template instead of just changing the text can we insert some of our footage too?
  6. @lofalta: begin 1:10
  7. @orefzki: exactly what i looked for. thanks
  8. @IbrahimHassan-s2y: انا احب محتوك قلب من دولة السودان
  9. @IchigenFall: They no longer have free trial
  10. @Stanislav7180: HELL NO !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
  11. @draudeky4508: its all about referals... f man
  12. @finecorsa92: Envato is a shame! i've dowloaded the template and with your guide, and theirs one, i cannot open properly the video.
On trust pilot there are many very bad reviews.
  13. @novacombatarts: Followed it exactly and for some reason my clips are super short and only shows 1 then just goes to the yellow fx
  14. @OldSeaDoggy: I hate subscriptions!!!!! I only want to one time purchase what I want.
  15. @Rasthro: Does this require the Studio version of DaVinci Resolve?
  16. @AussieSUGAR: No more free trials
  17. @TheActualSsotyi: I must be dumb as fuck, I understand nothing from these videos. That logo part. I expected you to show how to make one. Instead you just said. grab your logo. Same with the intro, like dude. You're showing nothing .
  18. @itsUncleMonK: its not free! just an fyi to my peeps who are looking for actual free software.
  19. @mmerri93: Hey Jamie question, I plan on getting envato elements. I’m also considering a second one, I can’t choose between artlist and Motion array. Which second one would you suggest! Also for each download from envato do we have to do restore project archive for each download?
  20. @mmerri93: Dang every video ? Or tutorials I can think of you covered it. So glad I subscribe to you. Keep doing your thing and thanks for helping us Resolve users

Also one ?
Do which do you prefer, Artislio or Motion Array, and I heard they both are owned by artist? 
Just curious cause I watched several videos on those two and envato. Envato I plan on getting first and I’m trying to decide between those two for a second one :)

- HOW TO MAKE A GAMING INTRO FOR FREE 2021: Kind: captions Language: en in this video I'm gonna show you how to make intros like these for free for your YouTube channel or wherever else you want to put them if you're new to the channel we've been putting on a lot of content to help small streamers on a budget so be sure and check out those other videos let's go ahead and get right into it first thing you want to do is come over to google and if you've researched how to make an intro before you've probably heard of Panza lloyd and that's what we're gonna use today once you get to Panza you can click creations right here or you can come up here and hit creations there and now you just pick whichever one you like you can go through trending the latest ones the top ones or you can even search you know if you want to stranger things a lot of people have done that but for this video let's just use this one whichever one you choose just click on it it'll pull up this page you can look and see if you like something else but if you want to stick with this one you clicked on just go ahead and click open in clip maker now it's gonna look funky you can click and drag on the screen and it does all type of stuff but you don't have to worry about that just hit this eyeball right here and it'll make it look normal and then you can go ahead and preview it and see if you like it so let's play this one back [Music] it's not really my style but we'll roll with it so over here is all the things you can edit we're not going to mess with anything except objects and it should be the same on whichever one you choose just go to objects and then you see how the text is template you want to find everywhere that it says template and replace it with your name or whatever you want to say for example if this said your name here you're gonna want to search through all these little folders until you find all the different places that it says your name here but in our case we're looking for template so those are right here on the top I'll click it once come down here where it says template and we'll replace that with hey Tex and then hit enter you can kind of see it glitch over here it's like three different layers stacked on top of each other so you're going to want to change all of them hey Tex we're getting closer and hey Tex now if yours is still looking weird and see how we still got an outline of template we got a fund where it said that and here it says it again we'll just change that hey Tex and boom that's looking good we'll just double-check that it doesn't say it anywhere else goodness a lot of the times the people who make these will try and help you out and keep it at the top or they might even rename the group as the stuff you need to edit alright that looks good so now what you'll do is you'll come over to this download button you can select MKV or WebM whichever one you like balanced is fine you'll get good quality but if you want the best quality possible-- then hit this one it's just gonna take a lot longer so I'll just go with balanced that's probably the recommended one anothers hit start video render alright so that part might take a minute depending on which one you chose you could take a long time could be quick but once it's finished you just want to click download your video and if you're using Chrome it should pop up right down here at the bottom now you can just click it you pull it up in another window but it should work you might have to choose which software you want to play it through but when I try and drop that file into a video editing software it usually doesn't work so if you're having problems just go over to a new tab and search video converter and then I like using this zamzar right here you can add your file which mono is right here just find it wherever it was if it's still down here for you I think you can click it and actually drag it to right there and now you just want to convert it to an mp4 because that's a lot better file to work with rather than the MKV which might work for you but if not go through all these steps and then just hit convert now let's take a minute and then just click download and you've got an mp4 file that you can put into your video editor you can put before your videos maybe as an outro whatever you want to do I hope this video helped you guys be sure to subscribe for more content to help grow your YouTube channel and your Twitter stream let me know down in the comments what another helpful video would be appreciate you watching and I'll see you in the next

  Top Comments:
  1. @HayTex [71 likes]: MOBILE VERSION: https://youtu.be/CDzAeGlU6KQ
  2. @Kendo2642 [2 likes]: ty for helping me make "pedo gaming"
  3. @MasonFrancis-m7o [1 likes]: thank u
  4. @Kimi_2006 [1 likes]: 5 years later, and your brilliant video just helped me a lot. Thank you 🙏
  5. @switched35: Thanks :D
  6. @_DeMrickPlayz: which one is on top left on the starting bro can u help me?
  7. @legionblox: damn i remember using panzoid 6 years ago.. i still find the intros cool ngl
  8. @elliotmolate: I been looking for something like this for months
  9. @Asher1846: mine is Asher thats my name
  10. @MalikDaBlox: The best creators are so underrated.
  11. @ZeekorYT: How do I change the music
  12. @levi.life210: duuddee i remember when intros were all the rage
  13. @Pyrodevelops: I'm Using This For The Great Meme Reset
  14. @16_humanskinsandwichlover: I’m going to make mines say “feedingonmyforeskingaming779”
  15. @DrealProzz: TYSM
  16. @AlexGTofficial: bruh i have a restriction
  17. @The_Funniest_Kid: I was planning to be a gamer in 2026 LOL
  18. @wtsns: it dosent workfor me pls help
  19. @ventilator_og: beste wo gibt thx
  20. @carXPlay: Ima type "I love tomboys"

- Struggling With Employee Engagement? Build a Culture of Learning | ATD Report: Kind: captions Language: en For many businesses, remaining&nbsp; competitive requires the ability&nbsp;&nbsp; to effectively manage change and&nbsp; quickly implement new strategies. At the same time, employees want to have purpose&nbsp; in their work and opportunities for career growth. Creating a culture of learning is a tool available&nbsp; to every organization and can help with staying&nbsp;&nbsp; agile and innovative while also achieving strong&nbsp; employee engagement and retention. Let's look at&nbsp;&nbsp; ATD's latest research report on creating&nbsp; a culture of learning sponsored by Zensai. Talent development professionals and&nbsp; learners share a common understanding of&nbsp;&nbsp; learning culture at their organizations.&nbsp; 69% of talent development professionals&nbsp;&nbsp; and 79% of learners agree that learning&nbsp; is a way of life at their organizations. To promote a culture of learning, organizations&nbsp; commonly consider an employees' learning activity&nbsp;&nbsp; when assessing overall performance, provide&nbsp; employees with individual development plans,&nbsp;&nbsp; recognize them for learning, and offer&nbsp; upskilling or reskilling programs. Establishing a culture of learning&nbsp; doesn't come without its challenges.&nbsp;&nbsp; One challenge talent development&nbsp; professionals face in doing this successfully&nbsp;&nbsp; is a lack of resources such as staff and budget. Nearly three-fourths struggle with this.&nbsp; However, demand for learning remains high&nbsp;&nbsp; with over two-third of learners saying&nbsp; they want more opportunities for training. To combat this challenge,&nbsp;&nbsp; organizations should consider expanding&nbsp; their informal learning offerings. Besides, a learning culture is achieved through&nbsp; continuous initiatives, not just a single learning&nbsp;&nbsp; experience. Consider offering resources such&nbsp; as lunch and learns, peer-to-peer learning,&nbsp;&nbsp; development days, and communities of practice.&nbsp; ATD research found the majority of organizations&nbsp;&nbsp; aren't offering these resources, so&nbsp; there's plenty of room for growth. This was a quick overview of some key&nbsp; insights from ATD's latest research&nbsp;&nbsp; report on creating a culture of learning. To&nbsp; discover more insights, explore ATD resources&nbsp;&nbsp; and develop an action plan,&nbsp; head to tb.org/d-ressearch. And as always, make sure to like this&nbsp; video and subscribe to ATD's channel.

- The 5 Levels of Engagement by Schlechty:  A Simple Guide: Kind: captions Language: en If you watch this scene from Ferris Bueller’s Day Off, you’ll notice that even in the midst of a boring lesson, none of the students are misbehaving. They’re quiet. Nobody’s toss spitballs or playing paper football or checking their cell phones – mostly because cell phones back then were the size of a brick. Most of the students are following the rules. They aren’t engaged in the learning, but what are they? Some seem to be retreating. A few seem to be playing the game of school. But nobody seems committed to the learning. Here’s where Schlecty’s Levels of Engagement becomes helpful. It provides a useful framework for thinking about what it means for students to be genuinely engaged in their learning. Schlecty defined it this way, “Engagement is active. It requires the students to be attentive as well as in attendance; it requires the students to be committed to the task and find some inherent value in what he or she is being asked to do. The engaged student not only does the task assigned but also does the task with enthusiasm and diligence.” Schlecty focused on two core areas of a task. The first is attention. This is the idea that a student should be focused on the specific task, without being distracted. The second is commitment. This is the idea that a student should find the task intrinsically motivating and challenging and therefore work toward mastering it. In 2002, Phillip Schlecty developed a framework for thinking about student engagement based on these two core ideas of attention and commitment. At the bottom, you have rebellion, which involves diverted attention and no commitment to the task. This is the student who seems to be acting out and causing disruptions. As a result, they fail to learn from the task. Next, you have retreatism, with no attention and low commitment. Unlike the rebellion, the student in retreat is not actively disrupting the learning but instead seems to be checked out. This student is often distracted and emotionally withdrawn from the task. As a result, this student learns little or nothing from the task. At the next level, you have ritual compliance (which was originally called passive compliance). This involves both low attention and low commitment. Unlike retreatism, a ritually compliant student isn’t completely checked but instead is doing the bare minimum to avoid confrontation. This student will learn at a low level from this task and will not retain it over time.-3 Next is strategic compliance. Often, this looks like engagement because a student might be performing at a high level. Here, the student has high attention on the task but a low commitment. This student is playing the game of school, focused on things like grades, parental approval, rewards, or class rank. But the learning isn’t intrinsically rewarding. As a result, this student will often learn at a high level but fail to retain the learning or transfer it to a new context. Finally, you have engagement. This requires both high attention and high commitment. Here, a student completely buys in out of a strong instrinsic motivation by meaning, choice, and challenge. This student will continue focusing even when the task gets more complex and challenging and often will choose to learn it even when it is ungraded. This student will learn it at a deep level and transfer it to new contexts. This is why it’s important that we, as teachers, focus on how to make the subject intrinsically engaging for all students by tapping into curiosity, creativity, and purpose. When this happens, students are more likely to grow into passionate, life-long learners.

  Top Comments:
  1. @mrsapling767 [5 likes]: Schlechty's level of engagement fails to take into account different student's learning capabilities.
  2. @evangore2350 [3 likes]: I am currently doing a school project regarding student engagement. As a student myself I see my self and many of  my classmates in all of these areas. Thanks for making this video. I land around strategic compliance.
  3. @CynthiaElder-d2b [1 likes]: Thank you for this video. The information was succinct and helpful.
  4. @muskduh [1 likes]: great thanks
  5. @szentesipeter [1 likes]: Thank you for sharing, great material. Do you know perhaps, is the measurement instrument (scale, questionnaire) available online somewhere, I would love to try for educational purposes. Thank you.
  6. @soulbrosampson: This is so spot-in and exactly the video that I was now searching for.   The question is How, How can a student be advanced or motivated to be advanced into higher levels of engagement?
  7. @somethingfishy1088: Nice tyy

- 3 easy ways to ruin an engagement: Kind: captions Language: en all right you ready today we're talking about three of the easiest ways to ruin your entire engagement season if you've got a friend who's engaged send this over to her I take a deep dive into all three of these subjects in my course for engaged women it's called navigating engagement I'm going to leave the link down below most rides I hear from they say it was the best investment they ever made for their entire engagement I walk a bride brine to be through so many different things that you will encounter you will have to navigate through there are over two hours of videos of worksheets I talk about bachelorette parties loving your fiance well I talk about discernment I talk about the wedding day that honestly would have been the most important video for me I give you four tools to put in your pocket to have the most peaceful wedding day possible for you to have amazing perspective on your wedding day with advice and wisdom from many different women who have been brides and things they would have done differently that they wanted to share with you so navigating engagement for all you Brides out there all right three easy ways to ruin your entire engagement so that you don't fall into these pitfalls and you have an amazing peaceful engagement again Deep dive in the course first way to ruin your entire engagement and make it a miserable sad experience is to spend your entire engagement comparing it to other people's and here's what I mean by this it is such a miserable experience instead of being present to the engagement that you're in to the man that you're engaged to to be present to what's going on in your lives how long your engagement is what you can put together for your wedding what your budget might be to just be present to all that has been given to you rather than looking at what everybody else's timeline is what they can do you go to a wedding you're like oh my gosh we can never have a wedding like this I feel so miserable I feel like you know such garbage because our wedding will be nothing like this if you spend your entire engagement with that perspective and with those goggles on of like all right what is everybody else do else doing what does their engagement look like what is this blah blah blah what is that you will be utterly miserable and it has the power to ruin your engagement in the sense of your heart isn't present to the blessings and the beauty before you your heart isn't present too the simple gift no matter what kind of wedding you have no matter what kind of dress you might pick the simple gift of the love that you share with your fiance when you are consumed with looking at what everyone else is doing it is impossible to be present to the engagement that you are in so when you completely eliminate comparison goggles from your engagement it is so so powerful the second super easy way to ruin your entire engagement is to spend the whole entire thing focusing on what you can not do versus what you can and what do I mean by this you might be seeing where I'm going with this as a couple who was following Christ of a couple who did not live together Daniel and I a couple who did not have sex with one another before we got married there were a lot of things that we couldn't do we couldn't take trips together and stay in the same hotel room we couldn't sleep in the same bed we couldn't you know X Y or Z and there are many things that you can look at and say ah I wish we could do these things already I'm so frustrated that we can't do these things I'm so frustrated that you have to go home and you can't stay the night at the house you know we we're in love and we want to have sex with one another but we can't because we're trying to honor the Lord in this way it's so easy to focus on all of those things and be frustrated by all the all of those things can those things be fairy difficult to navigate absolutely can those things be frustrating in their own ways absolutely this is not to minimize the challenge that comes along with that but if you spend so much time being frustrated and focusing on the can't can't you will miss the perspective of what can we do how can we grow together how can we learn to love one another in this season that is particularly challenging in its own ways I talk so much about that in navigating engagement about how you this engaged woman and everybody made it feel like oh my gosh it's like a sunshine and roses and picking up cupcakes and so much happiness and I thought to myself when I was doing it I thought nobody told me about this this is really really difficult in its own way and that's why I want you if you take the course to feel like not nobody told me about this to think Emily told me about this Emily told me I was gonna face something like this or face these things but instead of the spirit of I can't or we can't taking on that Spirit of we can we can learn to love one another in new ways we can grow closer to one another even though that physical aspect sex is not a part of our relationship we can do so many different things to learn to love one another we can have so much fun together we can have such enjoyable times with one another with our friends with our family we can make the most of this time this season that we have with one another whether it's six months whether it's a year whether it's a year and a half it's like when you go back to Genesis and you look at Eve in the Garden of Eden and God says you can eat trees from oh fruit you can eat fruit from all these different trees there's so many good and beautiful things about life but don't eat from the fruit of the tree of the knowledge of Good and Evil there's this one but there is so much abundance that can be found in that season if you're focusing on this one tree rather than all of these trees surely it could ruin your spirit and just bring a sense of just sorrow and sadness and more frustration than needs to be during this particularly beautiful challenging awesome wonderful season okay so I have to tell you you might hear the tree trimmers in the background it's so funny because this is just the way being a Creator goes I have mapped out making this video and being here and you know having the boys be watched and of course the one day that I want to film is the day that the tree trimmers come so I think they were just having a little break and now they're back on schedule so if you hear a little tree trimming in the background that's just the way it goes as a Creator the one day you're like the tree trimmers pull up to trim our tree and like great this is always how it goes the third way to easily ruin your engagement is to constantly make big problems out of little problems so there's this book that the boys love it's about these two dogs and they go on this trip together it might ring a bell for you if you know the book I forget what it's called um but in the end of the book these two dogs have had the wrong size beds that they're sleeping in and they can't sleep and the bird in the end says well that was easy to do big dogs need big beds and little dogs need little beds why make big problems out of little problems and every time I read this and I shared this on Instagram once before every time I read this I'm convicted again yeah why Emily in my day-to-day life in my motherhood and my marriage and whatever it is that I'm doing why make big problems out of little problems don't make a mountain out of a molehill is a very common saying it's so easy and again I cover this in navigating engagement and managing your emotions and manage changing the family Dynamics and all of the new things that are coming at you it's easy to be emotional and it's easy to let things get blown way out of proportion to make a huge problem whatever the font is wrong on your invitations or something falls through some someone doesn't show up for an appointment are there real big problems oh yeah women share it on on that wedding day video there are women who shared about all the problems that they encountered on their wedding day and there were some really big ones wedding coordinators that didn't show up uh 104 degrees right everybody's sweating the air conditioner breaks all these problems that are pretty significant on a wedding day but if it's you know these small problems you ask yourself and I share about this in the video called where is your focus where is your focus right looking at is this really a big problem is the font being wrong on my invitation or whatever it is is this a huge problem is this going to impede me from ultimately the end goal of my engagement which is to marry my fiance or is this a little problem that I can manage and keep as a little problem and let it be what it is a little problem that I can fix with the help of whoever that might be whether that's my fiance or a parent or whoever your friend You Made of Honor if you spend your entire engagement blowing things out of her portion and letting these Small Things become massive issues you will surely ruin your engagement season to become one that is fraught with stress and just overwhelm by things that are actually manageable when you have the eyes and the focus to see that they are so if you are engaged if you're engaged guy you can send this to your fiance or if you're engaged woman a bride to be I hope this brings a little bit of clarity to your engagement season and the perspective that you can have throughout this entire process so much more in navigating engagement Daniel is in a video on the wedding night we talk all about the wedding night physical intimacy your sexual relationship there is so much good stuff so I don't want you to miss it the link is down below I hope that these things have been helpful for you these pitfalls so you can hop over these pitfalls avoid these pitfalls as much as you can throughout the entire engagement season thanks for watching talk to you soon bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @chocolateworldlover [26 likes]: I'm engaged currently and saving sex for marriage and it's obviously not easy. But I've found that it gains so much meaning when I focus on the fruits of this time of abstinence. A great example for me is St. Joseph, who was abstinent all his life. My prayer to him is: help me love my fiancé, for these next few months of engagement, just as you have loved Mary Your. Entire. Life.

We Catholics look up to the Holy Family and to St. Joseph so much, and I think he could serve as a particular guide and friend to all of us striving not to live together before marriage ❤ He. KNEW. How. Hard. It. Was. But loved Mary and raised Jesus like a good husband and a good (adoptive) dad. What better example for us engaged couples?
  2. @shelbycollier3586 [11 likes]: I just got engaged two weeks ago and we’re planning a Catholic wedding! Before I even knew my fiance, your videos about faith and marriage were such an inspiration to me! Prayers to you and your family!
  3. @megalopolis2015 [8 likes]: I Love the positivity and nurturing bonds between sisters there is on this channel. I have been engaged since February 10th, the night before I left to take care of my frail mother. My fiance' had to move me out of my former house almost singlehandedly before my former roommate got too far out of hand. Virtually no one is coming to the ceremony (assuming we can even make it ourselves, given the fact that my mother lives out of state, where I am now), due to issues various family and friends have with their health, our union in general, the fact that our wedding would not have alcohol, or just overall seeming lack of interest. Even the pastor hasn't gotten back to us. To say that this is a difficult season is an understatement. However, my faith, and my bond to my beloved are steadfast. He has been a gem in all of this. In fact, he proposed knowing I'd be coming to take care of my mom. He is phenomenal, and my Love grows for him every day. I just hope that with everything going on that we both live long enough to say I do. Any suggestions and prayers are greatly appreciated. <3
  4. @simonem.7385 [5 likes]: Emily are you well?? I pray the joy and peace of God will be with you.
  5. @nicoleyoshihara4011 [3 likes]: Love to hear this! I love to learn about relationship/engagement/marriage/ motherhood advice!🥰❤
  6. @briannaguerin7142 [3 likes]: When you purchase the navigating engagement, is it a one time thing, or do you purchase it and can rewatch it?
I’m single, with absolutely no prospects, but was thinking it might be worth it to go through it now, then when I do get engaged, go through it again to refresh my memory. Would I be able to do that?
  7. @diana_5989 [2 likes]: I am getting married at the end of July and so far havent had a chance to purchase the navigating engagement. Is it too late now that i am 3 month away? Most of the planning is under control, but wondering if you think it would still be useful?
  8. @mariannarobertson [1 likes]: Do you think it’s possible to stay the night at each other’s apartment when visiting the other, and sleep in a separate room or on the couch while maintaining purity as long as there are strong boundaries in place?
  9. @chillykumari9335 [1 likes]: Thank you for coming today for the motivational speaking I greatly appreciated it😊
  10. @margiehalpern4573 [1 likes]: All very important suggestions, Emily.  In my time, I have seen friends enjoy wedding planning...aaaaand...not so much.  I have definitely seen people go waaay down the rabbit hole of ulcerating over teeny-tiny things and in the process lose sight of the fact that the wedding is a day in the life and the marriage is the actual life.  OK, yes, wedding planning can indeed be stressful, but it's sad when it isn't joyful stress!  (PS I had none of the above, since I married the year I turned 50, and my boyfriend and I decided to get married and married two weeks later.  At the little dock on the little lake behind our house, with four friends present, and a delightful officiant we found on the county's website.)
  11. @valeriawatson6794: Is this engagement course useful for friends that are good Christians, but not catholic?
  12. @karolinafilar8925: Thank you ❤️
  13. @angelesjimenez8862: Hi Emily! Thank you for another amazing video. My fiance and I plan on getting married next year. We want to take advantage of this time that we have and really prepare ourselves for the sacrament of marriage. Do you have any catholic marriage prep books that you can recommend to us? 
Thank you for your ministry 🤗❤️
  14. @christina.nercessian: 5:38 You were so cute 😅
  15. @maegan22: Great pointers!

- Just Engaged?? Start HERE!: Kind: captions Language: en well hello lovely humans and welcome back to my channel if you clicked on this video my guess is someone just put a ring on it and you are probably pretty over the moon right now and i just want to take a moment to say congratulations on your engagement i am so so so happy that you were here uh if you're new around here my name is jamie wolfer and i am a wedding planner and i have offices both in central texas and in southern california and i make weekly wedding planning videos on the youtubes and i absolutely love supporting couples that are ballin on a budget you see this is like this is the three year anniversary of this channel which is just mind-blowing to me i can't believe that we have been doing this for three years and i'm super super honored that you've tuned in you decide to watch some of my content and if you've been around here for a while thank you if you're new here please stay don't let me scare you just stick around for a little bit but if there's one thing that i've learned in the last few years that i've been doing this it's that um y'all are here for answers like you just need some guidance and some support and so we've done our best in my business to make sure that we are coming up with resources and videos that are going to be helpful for absolutely everyone at absolutely any budget i also just i get to use for my long intros okay like i try to shorten them but sometimes it's a little lengthy so if you've clicked on this video you're probably feeling both completely elated and also completely overwhelmed so i figured it was high time that we do a recap or a redo if you will of one of my original videos that oh my goodness i like watched it back before making this and i was like homegirl was cringy let's just say things have improved quite a bit in uh in the last you know thousand plus days okay but i figured it was high time that i released a new video um with links to all of the videos that you should be watching kind of in the order that you should be watching them for those first few steps but before we launch into the meat of today's video if you are new tell us your engagement story down below when did your sweet partner pop the question how did they do it did you cry did you freak out let us know the details down below if you're an og and you've been around here for a minute um go down there welcome all the newbies in the comments below and let them know what an awesome crowd this is because we've just got like the coolest community here um so let's connect in the comments down below so without further ado let's just jump right on into it so there's going to be a whole slew of videos that i'm going to be tossing at you while we're talking today it's going to be obviously a little difficult to keep track of and i don't have enough cards to put in the upper right hand corner so i'm going to leave them listed down below we're also going to create a playlist based off of this so uh if i'm throwing a bunch of information at you really quickly one i'm sorry i'm a fast talker two don't worry it's gonna be right down below i got you covered don't stress out we're gonna get through this together so the first thing that you are going to want to do once you've freaked out and shared with absolutely everybody and done the monica geller bing i'm engaged um the next thing that you are going to want to do is set a freaking budget oh every anyone who's been around here for a minute is like jamie's gun james gets on a soapbox when she talks about budgets you can't plan anything unless you have a budget to operate off of i want to be the first one to tell you that your budget is nothing to be ashamed of no matter where it's at no matter how much you have to spend or have chosen to spend on your event i don't want you to be ashamed of it in fact this is a budget shame free facility okay so if you've got a thousand dollars good on you also if you've got 70 000 good on you but wherever you land whatever you decide you cannot take any steps until you know how much you have to spend because if you start booking a photographer and booking a venue and then talking to caterers and you don't know how much money you have to spend you may waste all of your budget on the first three vendors that you book and then you won't have enough money for a dress or for the florals that you really want so it's extremely important to know how much money you actually have to spend before you sign any contracts before you put down any deposits know what you have the first video i want you to watch is how to create a perfect budget this one's absolutely fantastic um i think it's a great place to start because it talks about so many things like navigating the conversation with family members who might be contributing to your event to how to allocate expenses all those sorts of details that's video number one that i want you to watch the second video that i want you to watch when it comes to your budget is the number one budget killer imma give you a little bit of a spoiler alert it's your guest count because so many items that you pay for on your wedding day is directly affected by the amount of people that you invite i do still suggest checking out that video because it will give you a lot more motivation and reasoning behind why having a giant guest count will also increase your budget so it's just kind of important to keep those things in mind and speaking of guess what's the next thing you're going to want to do is kind of figure out generally speaking how many people you want to invite um this is a good time to sit down with your spouse to be and just do a brain dump of all the people you will need a little bit of time to pull this off though um i i know for me when i was planning my wedding that like two weeks later i was like oh my gosh i forgot like these three families that i absolutely want to invite so it's a good idea to spend um a week or two putting this list together and really dumping down absolutely everybody you might want to invite notice that i'm using very specific language here it's uh who you might want to invite now putting together a guest list especially if you have outside people contributing to it can be a very emotional experience so um the next video that i recommend for you is guest list do's and don'ts who should you invite to your wedding again we walk through all of this together so you don't have to feel too overwhelmed and it definitely talks about the pressure of feeling like you have to invite somebody um so i'd recommend stopping by there next and all these things are somewhat overlapping so if you happen to do your guest list before your budget that's okay but remember that your guest list dictates where your budget will go so if you happen to put together a guest list before your budget that's all right but also remember you only have to spend what you have to spend so your budget is going to be the foundation upon which you build everything else um so you may have to cut your guest list to make your budget work third thing is to figure out the date and or general season within which you want to get married um i recommend picking a handful of dates unless there is a hyper-specific date that like signifies an anniversary or a day of significance in your life then i recommend having about three dates to choose from we've done two seasonal videos on this channel so far we've done one about fall and one about summer um and kind of the tips for planning an event during those times i i don't know what this move was but it felt right at the time those will be down below um if you're interested in entertaining either one of those i've not done a spring one or a winter one yet because i feel like i'm just gonna be kind of repeating the same exact things in those two videos so if you're thinking winter watch the fall video for now if you're thinking spring watch the summer video for now until i get my act together and get those videos going for you okay cool and once you kind of have those three things done your budget your guest list and like the date that you want to get married on generally speaking this is when reality starts to hit and people are like i got 14 months to do what i got 18 months i got 12 i got 10. and this is where like the emotional flailing starts to take place because you're just not quite sure what you should be doing next now remember at the top of the video i said that we have a bunch of resources for you and we actually have this amazing tool that we are giving away for free because i just freaking love you guys and i want to make sure that i am supporting you and guiding you in the best way possible and that is a free 12-month planning timeline you can find it at jwcoordination.com timeline basically it tells you what you should be doing what you should be researching and what vendors you should be booking all of the details broken out into a 12 month time frame you can of course um spread these out or condense them a little bit more depending on the length of your engagement but basically it's a resource that you can print up and cross off as you are getting stuff done because it feels so good to cross stuff off checklist who's with me so much so again if you want to get that resource go to jwcornation.comtimeline but of course if you're new you don't know this yet but i'm a little bit extra my team and i put together this incredible tool where once you download your timeline if you tell us generally speaking where you're at in your planning process we will then plug you into a system that emails you the videos that you need to be watching from this channel when you need to be watching it because um i'm all over the place like i am not organized for when i release videos it's just what i'm feeling in the moment and so while there's a lot of value here on this channel it can be very confusing um which is why i'm sitting here and making this video right now so it's nice clear steps for those who are just getting started but after these 710 videos you may be emotionally flailing again so here's a timeline to tell you when you should be planning things and if you want to we'll get you plugged in and send you emails with the rest of the videos that you need to be watching throughout your engagement when you need to be watching them so head on over to jwcoordination.com timeline and we will get you hooked up because obviously this list is bomb but once once you hit the last video in this playlist you're going to be like okay why now because i don't care if you've got 5 000 or 50 000 you deserve to feel supported and guided along the way so be sure to grab that timeline and we will make sure that you are on the right track and i will be like your wedding planner in your inbox reminding you of when it's time to get your next task done so you will not be emotionally flailing at least not if i can help it the next step of course i would be remiss if i didn't share this because this is what i actually do for a living is to hire a wedding planner now there's a wide range of types of wedding planners um where it could be full service um like the movie the wedding planner everything from a to z they plan it all for you but those ones are pretty stinking expensive and my guess is a bunch of you aren't going to fall into that category and then there are planners like me that offer packages with certain amount of certain amount of meetings or certain amount of hours and then lastly there is month of coordination or day of coordination in my opinion like they're the same exact thing because no one just shows up on your big day and like make stuff happen they have to meet with you beforehand um but as you can see there's like a lot of room for interpretation and for a wedding planner to kind of invent whatever packages they want to offer which is why the next video in this list will be 10 questions to finding the perfect wedding planner because if you already know your budget you know your guest count you know the date generally speaking within which you want to get married or the range within which you want to get married you will want to find someone to support you along the way now if you can afford a day of coordinator at the very least i 10 out of 10 recommend it like i did not have a coordinator at my event i had to coordinate my own wedding and i hated it okay i freaking hated it and i don't want you to have that experience but if you don't have the money for a long-term wedding planner then you don't have the money so with that in mind the next video i'm gonna recommend that you watch is do you actually need a wedding planner and it's really a video that causes you to be a lot more introspective what does your life look like how chaotic are things for you how confident do you feel in all of this do you actually need to hire a wedding planner because there are plenty of circumstances where you don't and perhaps you find yourself in a place where you're like yes i need a wedding planner but also i can't afford one or i don't want to spend that amount of money on one again we've got some incredible options for you here um with my company should you choose to of course free videos galore but should you want next level help um we have our online course called the master plan and it is chef's kiss like beyond my children it is one of the best things i've ever made it is literally everything i take my clients through from point a to wedding day every single step that they should be going through without being too overwhelming because i know that some of you are not very detail-oriented out there and anything anytime something gets too detailed it makes you panic it's the perfect convergence of like beautiful checklists and spreadsheets but also um not too much if you are interested in hearing more about the master plan i will link that video down below of course um or you can go to the masterplan web.com to check that out it is literally an online platform to get a wedding planner and you have a six month planning option or a 12 12-month planning option if you feel like you want to go next level the next step up from there i offer monthly phone calls uh we call it the lovely humans club well the original meme was like the master plan club it's turned into the lovely humans club we got a facebook group and everything which by the way if you want to join any of our facebook groups um i will leave the ones that are open to you guys down below so it's basically a monthly call where i jump on and answer in lifetime your questions specifically that are submitted beforehand and then i can walk through and give personalized and intentional feedback so if you do want the next level support i do recommend checking that one out so whether it's just jumping onto our email list that sends you the videos when you need them or it's joining the course or it's jumping in on the monthly phone calls or it's actually hiring us because yes you can actually hire me of course there are travel fees and uh i'm not as inexpensive as the course which is why we like to build up those options for you it is my absolute heart's desire to be as helpful as possible at any price point like no matter what your budget is no matter how much you want to spend on a planner we have got a resource for you that i feel so deeply that i know you're going to enjoy it just because like they're so good you guys oh okay so if i haven't sold you on it like just find a planner in some capacity to help you out whether that's this channel it's the course it's the calls or it's an actual in life real planner to assist you along the way whatever level of help you feel like you need in planning your wedding i encourage you to seek that out of course i will always be here every single week pumping out videos for you to enjoy but sometimes you do need to take that to the next level so i encourage you to look into that after you've got your planner then it's kind of time to start tinkering with the style i of course did a whole video on how to figure out your wedding style it's one of my older videos so it's a little bit more brutal for me to watch back personally but um it's still chock full of good advice on how to kind of figure out what it is that you want to do this is of course something that we cover in the course there's a whole section to like dedicated to how to design your wedding with pinterest so if like if you feel like you're hung up on that the master plan is the place for you to be for sure um but this video is a great starting point to really help you figure out what your style is and how you can interpret that in your wedding and the last thing you're going to want to do is find a venue because you can't really book anybody or anything until you know where it's going gonna happen sure you could probably book a photographer who's like point me to the right direction once we get there but companies like catering a little bit more difficult they'll need to know the kitchen situation uh rentals again they'll need to load no load in and load out information so that is kind of like a hinge point so like once you book your venue then it's domino effect you can book the rest of your vendors following that so the two videos that i recommend for that are one twenty questions you must ask at your venue walk through i'm gonna keep pointing down below but at this point you guys know they're there and two the difference between diy and all-inclusive just like wedding planners there's a wide range of styles of venues what they will and what they won't do there are not standard rules across the board i wish there were because it would make my job a heck of a lot easier but every venue has like slightly different policies or rules or charges or what they include and what they don't include so this video is a great place to go to to really figure out what's going to work best for your budget and the amount of time that you have available this is i thought this would be much shorter than that so um thank you so much for watching i hope this list of videos is just enough to get you started to jumpstart you in the right direction and to help you feel encouraged and empowered to get this thing done i'm so excited for you congratulations again thank you so much for watching if you haven't done so already jump on down there hit that subscribe button because we are on the track for 100k and we're gonna have an amazing giveaway when we get there so get on down there and let's get there faster okay if you want to connect with me outside of this channel you can find our wedding planning instagram over at jw coordination and if you want to connect with me outside of weddings you can find me at the jamie wolfer both here on youtube for my lifestyle brand and uh instagram where um i i'm a goober 90 of the time so like if you thought this was bad wait do you see the non-professional side and until next week i'm gonna cut myself off at this point i'm talking too much bye guys [Music] hey

  Top Comments:
  1. @susannahvera575 [2 likes]: I got engaged two weeks ago. We were on a hike through water in the Narrows of Zion National Park Park. It was extremely beautiful and we were the only two people there. At first, I was too shocked and excited and just kept giggling out of pure glee, but on the way home, we both cried. It was the best day of my life.
  2. @kaylaryals8227: My fiancé proposed on October 28th and it’s still the most magical day of my life. Earlier that month I lost my dog and was grieving really hard, plus I was stressed about leaving for a trip to St. Louis the next day. The day of the proposal I was honestly in a terrible mood and even begged him to cancel our plans to visit our old high school and see a teacher. He kept insisting we go and just asked me to trust him (which at the time made me even more frustrated).

When we got to the school he asked if we could stop by the courtyard first, where we originally met 10 years ago. Then I realized he was wearing the exact same outfit he wore the day we met — down to the jacket and ring — because the first thing I ever complimented him on was his shirt.

At the exact same table where we met, on the exact same date 10 years later, he told me he had loved me all this time and got down on one knee. I was completely shocked and started crying immediately. The ring even has both of our birthstones.

Afterward we walked around the school for a bit, reliving memories, went to a trunk-or-treat event, and then he surprised me again at dinner with all my closest friends and family waiting for us. I cried basically the entire day.

Looking back I feel bad for being so grumpy beforehand, but it ended up being the most beautiful and thoughtful proposal I could have ever imagined. ❤️
  3. @jinglebelle1: Regarding who to invite - at least from the perspective of a more mature, not the first marriage, been-there-done-that bride - don’t invite anyone who won’t bring you joy by their presence. Don’t invite anyone because “you should” or “it’s expected.” Invite people who you love and make you happy, who you WANT to share your special moment with. It doesn’t just cut down on the expense - fewer people, less expensive - but it makes it more intimate and special.
  4. @mspearl5704: Only took 5 years of religiously watching your videos to get engaged and come right back to the beginning
  5. @Shannonnnnn1: I got engaged a week ago ! It really caught me by surprise ! We were at the same pottery painting shop we went to on our 3rd date, I  painted him a tree mug lol. We went back there to ‘paint Christmas ornaments’, and he disappeared for a little bit then came back with a box he had painted exactly like that tree mug. He told me to open it and on the lid it read “Marry me”. He had friends there undercover to video/take pics of the whole thing. I was so in shock I didn’t cry, but when it settled in later that day/into the next day, I def did. 
It was very thoughtful, and he did a great job planning this special day. We went to get my nails done right after, then had all our friends and family waiting on us at a restaurant to celebrate !
  6. @jaysylvain1760: I just got engaged!!! Like 4 hrs ago!!!
  7. @meganalyssamoreno: I’ve been watching you for years… and have watched this video before. As of last week I’m officially engaged and now am feeling the OVERWHELMING feeling!! Had to go back and rewatch this video to get me going haha
  8. @Fuzzybaalls: Engaged! Love your content
  9. @violetrogue6160: Been watching your videos for ages as a girlfriend but now... I've been engaged a week! My partner and I went to Rome and he proposed at the Trevi fountain (I went initially in 2019 and wished to meet the love of my life so what better place to ask me than where I wished for him? - dreams do come true.) I was completely lost for words and still feel like I'm going to wake up 💖
  10. @macattackvlogs5204: Just got engaged this weekend! were both pretty unserious so we were in his dads truck when he cracked a couple jokes then said hey will you marry me? I said yes and now were trying to plan our wedding!
  11. @ConfusedBowling-rz8fc: I'm engaged to my fiance tony
  12. @ConfusedBowling-rz8fc: hi
  13. @beccamartinez1296: We have been planning to engage for awhile. My fiancé had me pick out my ring months ago. We went to Sedona, AZ for Valentine's Day 2025. I thought he was going to ask then! He didn't. I wasn't disappointed. I knew he would when he was ready. The next day, we get home to Glendale, I'm unpacking our luggage. Fiancé asked me to come watch a movie with him in the living room. I follow him out and plop on the couch. I saw him fiddling with his backpack on the floor. Thinking he was unpacking I wasn't paying attention. He called my name, I looked over to him, he was on one knee with the ring box and he asked me to marry him!🥹 Even though I was expecting it, I bawled my eyes out.😭
  14. @DestinyGarcia-u3u: I got engaged in October! We planned a trip to Las Vegas for the When We Were Young music festival for my birthday. We started our day with brunch and an after brunch cocktail spot. He told me to buy him a coffee while he runs up to the room. By the time I make it upstairs, he blindfolds me and lets me in the room. The entire room was covered in roses, bed spelled out "marry me", champagne, chocolate covered strawberries, champagne, custom flutes, etc. He took the blindfold off, held my hand and got on one knee. It was the most beautiful tear drop ring I've ever seen. I didn't cry but I was overwhelmed with joy. He secretly recorded it too and it's the most beautiful memory!!
  15. @DayliScott: I got engaged 2.2.25!!! I was crying, hyperventilating & my heart was soooo full!!🥰🥹💍✨🤎
  16. @aim-west: Just got engaged today 😊
  17. @chantedavidson610: Newly engaged on NYE 2024 🎉
  18. @priscillaysusgatos: I’ve been dating someone that turned out to be my best friend before my coworker ..5 years into our relationship…marriage was a conversation but nothing to serious.one day after our Halloween adventures ended and the cold sweeped in..
my honey made a comment on our annual Christmas date ..
Honey was like 
“Make an appointment for your nails  “
I said okay but asked does it matter when … he said we were going to our annual Christmas date next month so just make sure you have your appointment and make sure you have something nice to wear .. 
I noticed he was more lovey as if we were back in our honey moon stage… 
My twin was teasing and said ohhh his going to propose,as we were at the nail salon ..
As the days go by.He mentioned that we were going to go eat on a cruise ship… 
I thought he was joking because he gets sea sick and I always wanted to try it…
Until he showed me the reservations…
We went to dinner…
He was very much in his head but I assumed it was because of the ship and maybe he was getting sea sick… we took a picture in front of the Christmas tree when we got there but as we were leaving he wanted to take another one… 
I wasn’t sure why but I agreed.. next time I know he is adjusting his coat  reminding me ,how much he l loved me…
before will I realize he was on his knees and he was asking me if I wanted to spend the rest of my life with him….on December 7th ,24
  19. @zohebhirani7141: Watch at 0.75x speed to avoid a headache
  20. @andreacary1241: I started watching your channel when I was with my ex and we thought we were going to get married at some point. That obviously didn’t work out. 
But I just got engaged yesterday and immediately thought about coming back because your videos were so informative!

- The Struggle Switch - By Dr. Russ Harris: Kind: captions Language: nl De vechtknop. Geschreven en verteld door: dokter Russ Harris Het lijkt vaak alsof er een vechtknop in ons hoofd zit en zo gauw er een nare emotie, pijnlijk gevoel of herinnering opkomt is het alsof die vechtknop aangaat en daar mee gaat vechten Dus stel dat angst opkomt, een vaak voorkomende, pijnlijke emotie die we allemaal wel eens hebben. Angst komt op en de vechtknop gaat aan. Oh, daar is angst, ik hou niet van angst, ik wil van mijn angst af! Nu heb ik angst voor mijn angst, het wordt dus groter. Met de vechtknop aan krijg ik nu: oh, de angst wordt groter! Hoe kom ik van mijn angst af? Nu heb ik nog meer angst. Als de vechtknop aan staat, kan ik zelfs boos worden op mijn angst. Waarom komt die angst steeds op? Ik haat angst! Dan kan ik zelfs verdrietig worden over mijn boosheid. Oh, is dit mijn leven, oh! Dan kan ik mij zelfs schuldig gaan voelen over mijn verdriet over mijn boosheid. Hoe zielig ben ik dat ik mij zo voel terwijl er hongerende kinderen in Afrika zijn? Dus door de vechtknop worden emoties uitvergroot. Nu heb ik schuldgevoelens over mijn verdriet over mijn boosheid over mijn angst over mijn angst en die uitvergoting van emoties geven hen meer impact en invloed op mijn leven, het zorgt ervoor dat ik vast kom te zitten en het trekt mij in zelfbeschadigend gedrag. Wat zou er gebeuren als ik de vechtknop uit zou zetten? Als de vechtknop uit staat, dan komt angst op en het is niet dat ik dat leuk vind, of het wil of het goedkeur, ik ga er gewoon niet mee vechten Ik ga geen tijd, energie en moeite stoppen in het vechten met angst. In plaats daarvan ga ik investeren in waardevolle en levensverbeterende activiteiten, zoals waardevolle tijd besteden aan mijn vrienden en familie of spelen met mijn kinderen. Als de vechtknop uit staat dan kan angst vrij bewegen. Het kan sterker worden, het kan zwakker worden, het kan snel voorbij bewegen of langzaam. Het punt is dat het vrij is om te bewegen. Het wordt niet versterkt door al die andere emoties die het groter en plakkeriger maken en ervoor zorgen dat het langer blijft hangen. Er bestaat geen leven zonder angst dat is iets wat we allemaal ervaren. Maar als angst opkomt en de vechtknop staat uit, dan is het veel makkelijker om ermee te leven dan als de vechtknop aan staat.

  Top Comments:
  1. @davidmair2446 [943 likes]: So how DO you turn the struggle switch off?  SOund a neat concept but it would have been helpful to have more about 'how'.....
  2. @Happy_Adam [153 likes]: Are you suggesting we can just switch the switch? And it will get better?
  3. @fredjones5137 [109 likes]: Russ Harris is such a gifted teacher and ACT is an incredibly powerful psychological model. Perfect combination!!
  4. @chirpykiwichick [44 likes]: Fantastic educational clip Russ, it demonstrates the struggle switch metaphor brilliantly!!!!!!!!  THANKS for sharing this.  I look forward to watching many more of your educational clips, reading more of your books and being part of more of your workshops.  Keep up the excellent work Russ.
  5. @drhelenedwardswrites [21 likes]: thanks Russ great video
  6. @nichooper7 [12 likes]: This is great Russ!
  7. @roslynbennett6556 [10 likes]: good one!

- Subnautica 2 - Beginner Guide | Secrets, Vehicles, Crafting and More!: Kind: captions Language: en Subnotica 2 can be a little intimidating for new players, but this video should remove any fear and trepidation you might have while enjoying your playthrough. This video is going to be the most complete beginner guide for Subnotica 2 that I could make without spoiling anything. By the time you finish this video, you will understand every system you need to know to play the game confidently. If you got questions, ask them in the comments below. I'll read and respond to every single one. Also, be sure to take advantage of the timestamps to revisit any topics you need to come back to later. Now, let's dive in. All right, the first thing you're going to do when you get into the game is choose. Do you want to play single player or multiplayer? You can host a game for friends or you can join a friend's game. This game does support up to four player co-op. And there's vehicles in this video that we'll go over that you can utilize if you're playing multiplayer. Today, we're going to be playing like most people do in the single player realm here. So, we'll create a new game. And you'll have an option between game modes. You've got survival, which is basically the intended experience. And then you've got creative. In survival, you're going to have to manage your hunger, thirst, and oxygen levels. respawn upon death, but you will drop some of your items that you've collected. And in creative, you explore freely with unlimited resources, no health, no hunger. This is basically playing with cheats on. So, my recommendation is definitely to play survival mode first, and then if after that you want to build some giant mansion underwater, you know, just for funsies, then creative is where you would do something like that if you wanted to. So, we'll jump into survival. We'll be skipping cinematics and dialogue so that you guys can experience that yourself. But one of the things you should get comfortable with using is this guy right here. This is called Noah. Whenever you see Noah, either you're Noah or when you run into one when you're exploring, you want to exhaust all of the dialogue options. And Noah is kind of a computer that's going to be your guide while you're here. It's also going to be a source of a ton of lore and kind of piecing together the story of what's going on on this planet and how everyone came to be and what happened to everyone. Another thing you'll occasionally run into while playing the game is this plantlike structure here. When you move up close enough to him, it says, "Do you want to insert your hand?" You do. And then this is going to bestow upon you one of the key features of this game. It's going to give you a passive. These passives are basically is what going to allow you to progress the story in the game. In order to progress to the next region or to the next biome or to the next area, you'll need the power that these things bestow upon you. So finding these and getting the power that they give you is essential for your progression. So the first one we get here, as you can see, is pressure tolerance. This is going to allow you to breathe highly pressurized air. It's what's going to allow you to survive in the extreme depths that you're going to need to survive in in this game. As you're playing through the game, you'll run into first aid kits. These are basic instant heals. You can grab them. You can put them on your bar if you want so that you can pop a heal when you need one. Alternatively, you can leave them in your inventory and you can just click on them to consume them and that's also going to heal you. These give you 50 health. You have over here a total of 100. And now let's go over the UI of the game before we get started. So, first let's look at the UI that's on screen right now. At the top, you've got your compass, and it says we're facing east. And then it's also got the degrees of direction. Right now, I'm facing 150. That is going to be useful information because occasionally you'll find a PDA log or some kind of information that says, hey, roughly 120° from here, 500 m away, there is a crash site. And then, you know, oh, face 120. And then start heading about 500 meters and I should find it. So that up there is important to utilize. Below that it says 579 m. That's how far below the surface of the ocean that we currently are. So right now we're almost 600 m below water. And then on the bottom left side there we've got our O2 levels. That's our oxygen levels. That 45 equates to 45 seconds. So if we hop into the water here, go underwater, you'll see that start ticking down. 43 42 41 roughly 1 second per tick. So you know how long you have. That's just your basic lung capacity. Right now, we don't have an oxygen tank on. This is the very beginning of the game. To the left of that, you've got a green circle. That's your health. Below that, an orange circle. That is your hunger meter. And then below that, the blue circle is going to be your thirst meter. If we open up the menu system, you can see the numerical values for each of these, which is going to be important when it comes to all of these meters because when you find food that restores 25 hunger, you want to wait until this gets below 75 so you're not wasting it. Same with your thirst meter. And then at the very bottom of the screen there, you've got your hot bar. Currently, you've got five different slots. Now, when we press tab on PC, we open up the inventory menu or sometimes it will open up to the most relevant menu based on what you just did. So, if you just found some data, it might open up your data menu. It kind of just opens up to the one it thinks you're going to be heading into first. So, you've got 20 spaces for inventory. So, you've effectively got 15 slots for inventory. And then some of those end up getting used for food and water. Those are really small amounts, but there's ways to get around that that we'll discuss later in the video. As far as our gear goes, we've got an oxygen rebreather that prevents you from using up your oxygen faster when you head into deeper waters. Without this, when you go below 100 m and then below 200 m, it just starts chewing through your oxygen supply really fast at those depths. So, you'll want this to be able to swim deep. This is your oxygen tank. This is something that you'll be upgrading as you go through your playthrough. So you'll get first an oxygen tank and then you'll get a high-capacity oxygen tank and so on. Each one making this number bigger so you can spend more time underwater and then you're going to have fins which also can be upgraded. So you'll get your initial fins which allow you to swim faster than without them. And then you get another set of fins which make you even more maneuverable underwater. And then they've got two more slots for bodysuit and gloves. However, as of the launch of this game, these items are not currently in the game. You likely won't be running into these if you're playing this game right at launch. This is an early access game, so some of these features are going to come as the game is out. Next up, we have the blueprints menu. This is where you can come and see all of the blueprints that your character knows how to make. We know how to make mild acid, salvage, titanium, glass, fiber, and so on. And you can come in here and look to see what materials you need in order to make those items. For mild acid, we need this acidic pouch and copper. So, this is a really useful menu to come in and glance at and make sure there isn't something in here that you can craft that you haven't crafted yet. It's really important that you craft everything that you can as this is a major part of your progression in the game. Then the next tab is signals. We'll use this a lot more when we get past this very first section of the game. But the important thing to know about this is that you can toggle these on and off because you will end up with loads of signals as you play through the game. Basically, each destination that it gives you is going to get one of these signals. So, if you leave them all on, your screen is going to be a mess. you're just going to have loads of these all over as you're looking around. So, you're going to want to turn off the ones that you're no longer using or you no longer need. And if you really want one to stand out, like maybe it's your home, you know, your base, you can come in here and change the color to orange. Something that grabs your attention so you know anytime you want to head back home, just look for the orange one and head there. So, here's what those signals look like. There it is. You can see that right now the first one we're heading to is blue. If we come in here to signals, we can change it to orange. Submit. And now, look how much better that stands out. So, it's nice to change the color for the ones that you're going to be using frequently. Then you've got logs. This is useful because a lot of times information will come at you while something else is going on and so you don't hear it, you miss it, or you're distracted by the creature that's attacking you, you can come in here and replay it and hear the last thing that you were told. Then you've got the datab bank. This is where all of the things that you find will go. So, if you interact with an object, like we just found a basic first aid kit, and so we're curious about what that does, we can come in here and read. There's usually some flavor text, like some lore, an explanation of how this item works in here. If it's a creature or something else like that, there might be a clue as to what it might be useful for. Then we've got adaptations. This is an incredibly important screen. And this is where every time you run into one of those plants that we talked about previously, that power that you collect from that plant is going to end up on here. So, the first plant we touched gave us pressure tolerance. So, now we can breathe highly pressurized air. So, boom. Now, we perform much better deep underwater than we otherwise would have. will be unlocking these to get further and further into the game. So, anytime you're playing the game and you get to an area that you can't go to, and there doesn't seem to be a piece of gear that's going to assist with that, most likely the solution is one of these adaptations. One of the most common things that you'll be sent to grab are these black boxes right here. And basically, those are going to tell you the story of what's going on, what happened to the person that left it there, and allowing you to kind of piece together, what happened to them, and maybe what you need to do to survive. Now, if you've played a Subnotica game before, then this game is definitely going to feel familiar. There's a lot that is the same, and there's a lot that is maybe improved version of what came before it. So, one of the best compliments I have about this game is that it's everything I loved about the previous versions of Subnotica, but even better. They improved upon some of the smaller frictions and annoyances that you had in this game from earlier versions. And we'll talk about all of those as we're going through this video, the things that are the same and the things that are different for you guys. So, you start off in this life vessel right here that you just escaped in. And you'll be coming back here frequently in the beginning because you'll use this fabricator to craft your initial items. And then very quickly, you're going to build your own little base underwater. One of the biggest pieces of advice that I can give you is the game is going to be constantly working its way towards this area over that direction there. So when it comes time to build your base, you are going to be going over there kind of frequently. So it's not a bad idea to build your base either in line with this pod or it may even be more ideal to be closer to that wreck. Whatever makes sense in this general direction over here because you'll have to go over there quite a few times and then you'll have to come back quite a few times. So building your base in that general direction and kind of northeast of where you spawn here is going to be a massive time saver for you so you're not constantly swimming all the way over in this direction back there to get back to it every time. Now the first thing you're probably thinking is, "Okay, what do I do next?" Well, whenever you're not sure what to do next, talk to Noah. That's this robot here. We've got two new options. And by constantly coming here and exhausting your dialogue options with Noah, you're going to make sure you're not missing something really important that you could be doing that you're not doing. This is Noah's symbol right here. This little icon. It looks just like him. This one right here. So, anytime he has a new quest for you to come and pick up, that symbol will appear to the left of the compass like this right there. See how it's there? So, anytime you see that there, that's kind of your number one priority is come find out what he has to say. So, then he says, "Hey, I've got an area for you to go check out." Is essentially what he's saying. Sometimes when you come here and talk to him, it's going to be telling you the next place you should go inspect and he'll put a marker on the map for you to find it. and other times it'll just be a little bit of lore progression, but it's always progressing the story either literally or symbolically. One of the first things you're going to have to figure out is your thirst and your hunger meter because these are instantly going to become something you need to solve. As you can see, my thirst meter down there is blinking. So, solving thirst is relatively simple. These guys are all over in this game, fortunately. So, you've got these bad boys right here, these water slugs. These are going to be how we solve the thirst meter. And this is what they look like when they're out in the open. So, pick a couple of those bad boys up and you're going to come back to your fabricator, go to the food section, and now each one of those can be turned into a water. So, we drink one of them bad boys. Boom. 40 a pop. So, it's a nice solid amount of water, which means that compared to like the original Subnotica, managing your thirst is a lot easier in this game. I found that the hunger meter was also a little bit less of a constant agitator as well. So, compared to the initial game, it feels like both of those kind of mechanics have been tuned down a little bit in terms of how needy they are. So, next, let's touch on the food meter. So, for food, the most common way to deal with the food meter is just to run up and catch some fish. We'll grab a couple of them bad boys and head on back. And remember, your oxygen meter. If your oxygen meter does get to zero, you do still have like five or 6 seconds to swim to the surface. So, don't stop swimming. Even when your screen turns black, keep swimming up because even after it turns black, there's a chance you'll make it to the top before the game kills you. So, just like the water, we come to the fabricator, we cook the food. And there we go. Now, one of the first problems that your character has is your stomach is incompatible with the food. So, it says we're going to get 30, but we don't. So, how do we solve that issue? Which brings up our first problem. Solving our hunger crisis here. We can't eat the food on this planet because it's contaminated. So, in order to solve that problem, we need to get our first adaptation after the tutorial, which is going to allow us to eat the food here. But before we do that, we're going to really need to craft this initial set of tools to help us with our exploration. This is greatly going to speed up our progress. We've got our fins so that we can swim faster. We've got the air tank so that we can stay underwater for longer, which is going to be critical. We've got this multi-tool, which is going to allow us to kind of harvest various types of materials as well as slap some enemies to make them go away. A lot of the enemies in this game, if they come after you, if you just turn around and give them a quick tap with this, they'll leave you alone for a little while. So, if something's attacking you, the best defense in this game is a good offense. Smack it once and then it's going to be like, you know what? You're not worth it. You don't even look that tasty anyway, and it'll swim away. You won't be able to kill it. In fact, there's very few things in this game that you can kill. Although, there are a few, but most of them, you just have to avoid them or you have to slap them and make them go away if they do come after you or you have to distract them and outsmart them. But fighting them is not a practical solution most of the time. And then we've got the scanner. You're going to be using this on everything that you find, both crafting materials that you find and plant life and creatures, right? All of them. You want to be scanning all of them all the time. You're also going to scan any objects that you find. So, if you find a propulsion device underwater, scan it. If you find a nuclear reactor underwater, scan it. And that's going to teach your character how to build those things. Then you've got air bladder. This is one of the most underrated pieces of equipment in this entire lineup. It ended up being my favorite piece of equipment and it saved my life so many times. I would have drowned so many times. So basically, inevitably, this is going to get to zero. Your oxygen meter is going to get to zero. It's going to kind of sneak up on you. You're going to be exploring. You're like, "Oh, I can explore one more room of this underwater salvage." And then you realize you bit off more than you could chew. You're running out of time. You pull the air bladder and boom, this thing takes you up to the surface in just a couple seconds. And like I said, that means even if you're at zero from a lot of places in the early game, even if this is at zero before you pull your air bladder, you're still going to get to the surface and you're going to be fine. And so the air bladder is the main reason I didn't die until I was tens of hours into the game. And the nice thing about the air bladder is it's infinitely reusable. So you will see that it has a charge. That charge refills as soon as you get to the surface and it sucks in a new set of air for it to use the next time you need it. So in order to recharge it, you just have to go to the air. Other worthwhile mentioning consumables are down here. You've got your health area, basic first aid kit. This is what you make your heals out of. Really easy to make heals in this game. It's not like the previous games where you have like a little medkit distributor on the wall. In this one, you actually have to craft them every single time, which is fortunately a very simple recipe. Fiber is everywhere. Very easy to get, very easy to make. And so making these is as simple as wanting to make them. And then there's flares, which I used with varying levels of success. I tried to use this on the most dangerous creature, the launch version of the game, and it completely let me down. It did not care about the flare, and it came and it swallowed me whole. Anyway, it definitely works well on the smaller creatures, even up to the sharks and the larger sharks, but it does not work reliably on the colossus sized enemies. The first time I tried to use this thing on the colossal squid, I ended up eating. So, use this one at your own risk. And I put a massive amount of work into these massive beginner guides. So, if you're enjoying this, do me a solid and like and subscribe. and maybe share it with a friend if they're diving into Subnotica 2 as well. When you first start the game, you've got a storage container right here. So, you've got Noah, the fabricator, and then storage. So, this is going to be your early game storage. And fortunately, it comes with a first aid kit, which is nice. But more importantly, nutrient blocks to solve that issue of you not being able to eat anything yet. So, with these, our stomach does know how to eat. And that's what's going to help you survive until you find your next adaptation, which allows you to eat the food here. All right. So, if we hover over these, it tells us we need rubber. We need fiber to make those. For the air tank, we need titanium, rubber, and silver. The multi-tool, we need titanium. For the scanner, we need titanium, quartz, and a basic battery. And then for the air bladder, we need titanium and rubber. And so, what we can do is we can pin these by right-clicking them. And then the recipes are up here. So, we know what we need. And then, if you're curious how to make any of these things, like for instance, rubber. How do we make that? Oh, we just need two Lucifer rot sack. Mild acid. We need the acidic pouch. And we need the copper. Okay. Glass just needs quartz. So, we know we're going to need a lot of quartz. titanium, fibrous pulp, all these things. The first and most useful thing to get is going to be your survival tool because that's going to help you get all the materials you need for everything else. So, we need titanium first and foremost. So, we're going to go underwater and grab titanium. Titanium is very abundant in this game. It is everywhere. Much easier to find than in previous versions of Subnotica. I found this basic crafting material. So, anytime you go out, you should be able to find it in large supply. So, we can see right here, I just did a quick circle right underneath my pod here. And I've got enough to build my survival multi tool. Boom. Okay, once you've got your multi-tool, go ahead and put it on your bar wherever you want because you'll be using that bad boy a lot, especially early in the game. Now, we're going to need a lot more titanium. And Subnotica games are one of those games where they're way more scary at the beginning than at the end because at the beginning, you have no idea what creatures are dangerous and which ones are not. And so you tend to be afraid of everything and then you start to realize very few creatures in this game are really actually very dangerous. So it's not nearly as stressful as it initially feels like. Especially once you start to get some upgrades and you're able to dive deeper more often without running out of oxygen. It starts to become a very chill fun exploration game. So I'm at my pod here. One of the things we know we're looking for are this plant right here. See this one right here with the yellow seeds kind of in the middle of it? Those we need. That was one of the ingredients. So, we can cut this for fibrous pulp, which we know we need. And we can collect this thing. Pick up Lucifer rotac. So, we need both. We need that and the other. So, we can also cut it. There we go. To get that. And you can cut it until it destroys if you want, or you can leave it here to respawn the seeds. It's up to you. I'm going to go ahead and leave it there for now so I can harvest it again later. Okay, my oxygen is at zero, but I'm going to keep swimming up. And we made it to the top. See? So, very nearly died there. But in this shallow water, as long as you start heading up. Now, what happens when your thirst and hunger meter reach zero is your health starts ticking down. I'm going to go ahead and cut that plant for a little bit more resources. Get some more fiber from these here. All right, our inventory is full. If your inventory is full and you try to cut something, it just drops it right on the ground. So, you can always go back and pick it up later, it does stay there. Even if you leave the area and come back, that item will still persist. Now, we know we need fiber. We also need rubber. and click, click, click, and it'll queue them up, but you do have to stay standing at the machine or to finish when you queue up multiple crafts at the fabricator. There are other machines that we'll get later, and we'll talk about those in a bit, where you can queue things up and walk away, and it'll craft while you're gone. But this one, you have to stay standing here. So, you queue it up and then you still have to stand there for a little bit while it deals with that. So, we'll go ahead and craft these fins first because this is just going to make us swim faster, which means it's going to speed up everything else that we do in this game. So, highly recommend getting those right away. And then we're going to continue our search for these basic materials. Basically, those three things at first we want to collect. You'll see these where it says break. You can either punch it multiple times with your hand or you can have a tool out and you hit it once. Now, a box like this you can carry and you can use this for extra storage because you will quickly run out of storage in this game, especially the initial storage that you have. You're just going to constantly be collecting loads of ingredients and the storage that you start off with is simply not enough. And this thing will stay wherever you put it. So, I set it here. It's always going to be here unless I move it. When you see bubbles like this floating into the air, you can swim into these and it refills your oxygen. So, we can go down into this cave and safely kind of explore, pick up, there's copper, things like that down here. And then you can see this thing start to expand. We know it's about to release it. We can just sit over top of it and fill up our oxygen anytime we want to. Now, one of my favorite changes compared to the original Subnotica is that now crafts from storage. You can put all your items in storage. You don't have to hold them on you. You don't have to pick them up out of storage. As long as they're in your storage, when you go to the fabricator, it will pull from there anything that it needs. Another thing that's useful to know is you can long click. So, if you just hold down, it moves all of them in a single click. Just long press, it moves all of that type of material over. A really nice time saver for you. So, these are the aesthetic pouches that we were talking about that we know we need. And then on the top, if we get close to this, there's a medical gel sack. This is how you can craft 100 HP heals instead of 50 HP heals. And you'll notice when we pick up an item that's used to craft something new, it ends up showing up in our blueprints now. So, we just picked up the item and it instantly gave us an alternate recipe here. There it is down there. First aid. So, this is another way to build a 50 HP heal. Now, later we can make 100 HP heal with it. So, for this one, I'll grab that and it releases poison. So, you have to be very careful about grabbing that. And that took about half my health. As you can see, you'll run into massive mineral deposits like this one right here. You'll need an item that we'll talk about in a little bit to harvest these, so don't worry about them in the early game. All right, we'll go ahead and craft our air bladder so we can show you guys how that works. Like I said, this is my favorite early game item. It saved my butt so many times while I was playing. In order to use it, all you do is pull it out on PC. You right click to ascend. Just hold that down. Boom. And it shoots you out of the water. Your character gets a full breath of air, and it refills itself while it's in the air right there, so you can keep on going about your business. Now, sooner than later, you should head over to the welcome center. that's right next to where you start. Your life pods there and your visitor center is here. This is where you get your first active ability. Your character does get abilities in this game. So, you'll find a little puzzle like this. You'll run into these a couple times throughout the game. And basically, it says open battery power outlet. And it says it needs a battery. So, we now know we need to craft a battery ASAP so that we can interact with this Noah and also get oursel a power from this machine right here. This thing, you'll craft one of these in your own base. But until then, this one can be used to give you your first ability. We'll go much more in depth on that system right there because it's very cool. It's a really nice addition to the game to build a basic battery. If we look at this, it says we're going to need two copper and one of those pouches. So, we've got loads of the pouches. We just got to go get some copper. And we saw a copper deposit right below us here on the wall. Boom. And when you smack one of those things, if you're close to it, or if you're using something that's a little longer range, it automatically vacuums into your inventory regardless, which is a really nice feature on an item we'll discuss later. speeds up farming these kind of things. So, let's create that battery and let's take that battery over to the welcome center and talk about the system. So, put the battery in that turns it on. So, we can talk to this no. So, go ahead and do that and exhaust your dialogue options with him. And that's going to teach you basic base building among other things there. And now we can use the biolab. And here is where we get the first glimpse of our active mods and passive biomods that we can do. So, just as it describes, you get to choose an active ability. And I think the dash is really nice in the early game. It just speeds up your exploration in a very nice way. And then we've got passive and sea skimmer is fantastic early on. Slowing your oxygen when you're not moving is okay, but it's very rare that I'm just sitting still somewhere underwater. So the sea skimmer is really nice. And you'll notice the difference in my move speed instantly. So now look how fast we can get around. We can use our dash. Boom. And then if we stay on the bottom of the floor, go this fast. If we leave the bottom of the floor, this is our normal swim speed. And when we go close, you see how fast it goes. It speeds up quite a bit. So, you'll just kind of work your way swimming on the floor, which is perfect because that's where all of the things you're collecting are anyway. It's where you're spending all your time. So, moving faster while you're there is exactly what you want. So, I recommend se skimmer. However, try both and do whatever is most fun for you. Okay. Next thing I really want us to get is our scanner because it's important that we're scanning everything. So, this is going to need a basic battery and quartz. So, go ahead and build another basic battery. And we got to go find some quartz. So, I'll show you what that looks like. The other thing I really want to get is silver, but the silver deposits are a little farther from our base, so we're not going to run into those right away. We're going to have to head just a little bit farther away before we hit one of those. So, we'll get that after we get the scanner. We should definitely be able to find some quartz if we swim towards the giant structure over there. And by the way, you swim faster if you don't have anything in your hands. So, put everything away when you're swimming around if you can. And I actually found silver before I found quartz. That's nice. And here's a quartz deposit. Yep. It looks a lot like the titanium ones, but it's a lighter color. I'm going to go ahead and drop some of these easy to get materials here. This fibers pulp. Trade it for some quartz cuz we need quartz. So, I found my quartz and my silver about 230 to 250 m away from my life pod there. Just kind of swimming out towards the big tree in the distance. You can see on the top right all of our pinned crafting lists. In other games, once you finish the craft, it gets unpinned. I wish this game had a checkbox we could check so that it would automatically unpin things that we've crafted. In order to get them to be unpinned, you have to go in and manually do that. So, manually unpin the things you've already made. Let's make our scanner. This is a big step in these games. Cool. Let's get that on the bar right away. And now we can use that to scan everything that we run into to kind of unlock knowledge about it and most importantly to unlock blueprints so we can craft bigger and better things. All right, let's also make our standard air tank. Okay, so now we have the air tank and the basic fins. It's going to be a while before we get the rebreather. This is something you have to find on the floor. And then scan it with your scanner before you can craft it yourself. And so this is where scanning things becomes really important. If you don't look thoroughly when you find these crash sites, like there's a crash site right there. You can see a debris field right there. Some of it's sticking out of the water. So, you know there's debris there. And if you go swimming around that, you're likely going to find things that you can scan. And sometimes you need to scan two of them or three of them before you unlock the blueprint. It won't necessarily be the first time you scan it that it unlocks. And the game will tell you, okay, scanned one of three found. And you know, okay, I got to find two more of those at the various sites around me. Okay, now we have our basic items crafted. And you can see the icon up there. Noah wants to talk to us, so we should go ahead and exhaust our dialogue with him. We just want to make sure we're primed and ready for him to send us our next destination. And in this case, he did. He put a pin on the map for Anita's black box. So, we can find out what happened to Anita this time. So, head over that way. And we can see this is near a debris field. So, we might as well take advantage of that while we're in the area. We've got our scanner now. And now, our biggest focus in this game is looking for things to scan because that's really what's going to unlock our progress. So, inside of these kind of containers, there will frequently be things to scan. But, you know, you also want to start scanning plants. Oh, here's some quartz. Oh, yeah. By the way, there's always quartz inside of these seashells. So, if you see a big old sea shell like this, you can almost always come swim inside of it and grab some quartz off the inside. So, that's a great way to find it early. A lot closer than I found it, actually. And there is our plant power that we need. Okay, cool. So, Anita's black box is fortunately right next to our next power. So, we can solve this whole not being able to eat any of the food, right? Cuz we're going to starve to death if we don't take care of that problem stacked. So, put our hand in here and digestion unlocked. Now, we can eat the food on this planet. And don't worry, the passives we get in the future are a little more interesting than that. Pick up Anita's black box. Just going to be a nice little lore dump. Find out what happened to Anita. Start to unravel the story of this planet, at least from the perspective of the humans that ended up here. Okay, so all of our initial problems have been resolved. We're officially able to eat, which is great. And we see this crash site here, which I didn't finish exploring. There's almost always a way into these crash sites. So, swim around it until you find the entrance. Sometimes it can be kind of hard to find because it's a large site and you're looking for a tiny hole. That's what she said. No, >> this case it's not that hard. There's a door right here and it's easy to get turned around in here. So, just be ready for that. Always kind of remember how you're going to get out. Here's a flashlight, for example. So, we scan that. It says one of two telling us we need to find one more before we can craft our very own flashlight. That's another tool I literally didn't ever use in this game. I just never found a need for it on this. And the main reason is we get a device very soon which allows us to swim faster and has a flashlight built into it. Kind of negating the need to ever have flashlight out by itself. So usually these sites have like a little deposit that you find as well as some things to scan. So, if you come into one of these and you don't find any tools to scan, keep looking cuz there's something in there. At least one, a lot of times more than one for you to scan and get yourself closer to being able to create some new and useful tool or some new and useful part of your house, your structure, your base that you're going to be building. Our inventory is full, so we're going to go deposit this. And we're already having inventory problems, as you'll very quickly see. But that's okay because very soon here, we're going to unlock the house building tool. So, let's go ahead and deposit that. And this is where this comes in. This we stored for later use. Well, my inventory in there is already full. So, I'm already using this bad boy. Let's see. We'll put a couple waters in here. We only need one heal. So, now it's not using up valuable inventory space. So, this is one of the first moments where you're going to kind of feel like directionless or aimless. And these kind of survival games that are very open-ended kind of thrive off of that feeling. It's like, what do I do next? The game's not telling me what to do next. How am I supposed to know what to do? And the answer is explore. Primarily, you're looking for debris fields because that's what's going to unlock your ability to craft newer and better things. You're going to scan things you find at those debris fields, and that's going to help you. Oh, there's a quartz right here. How funny. Literally right underneath our lifebot. The quartz is everywhere basically. Now is a kind of good time to discuss this layout. So, the current map is essentially a long rectangle. That's what's available in the early access. One very long rectangle and it goes that direction. and that direction. So, it's behind you if we call this facing forward towards that thing. So, it goes way in front of us and it goes a little bit behind us and of course off to that side and to that side as well. So, what you're going to want to start off by doing when you first get into the game is explore a giant square around your life pod. This is the starting area, if you will. And then nearer to that tree is the end area, and then in between is a kind of middle area. So there's starting area, middle area, then there's super dangerous area, and then there's end area. And the super dangerous area is patrolled by a big bad enemy. And every time you have to go from this side to that side, it's a little bit sketchy. It's a little bit scary because there's a big bad enemy that is going to try to eat you. And I'll show you how to avoid him. And it'll be up to you. Do you want to take the safe route or do you want to risk it for the biscuit and beline it across the open water and just hope you make it? And fair warning, a lot of times you won't. Which brings up another good point. Anytime you're about to do something perilous, something dangerous, I highly recommend if you're the type of person that's okay with saves coming, I highly recommend manual saving. Click manual save. The game is always keeping track of last manual save and the last auto save. So manual save before you do something crazy. And if it doesn't pan out, you can hit exit game. Make sure you exit without saving. If you're trying to go back to your last manual save, exit without saving. You'll hit that and then click play single player game. Click the playthrough that you're currently on. Click load game. You have two options. Last default save. That's kind of the autosave system. Or last manual save. And you're going to want to go back to your last manual save most likely. So, if something awful happens or you accidentally destroy your vehicle or you die and drop all of the stuff you just spent a ton of time farming, you can come here and load your last manual save as long as you remember to leave one. Your default save might also be an acceptable restore point. So, if the manual save's too far back, look at the default. It might be an okay one to go back to, too. This is just kind of luck of the draw cuz it's autosaving randomly. So, we'll go back to our manual save here. That's one that's going to be really useful. So, this is a good time to cover what happens when you die. So, let me get some items on me and let's just go ahead and die for the sake of showing you that. Get some items. Okay, so we've got an inventory of stuff here. Let's say we just went out and we collected all these rare materials and we lost track of the oxygen meter. It's going to happen. It just does. You spend the entire game going underwater. And the deeper into the game, the deeper underwater you get. And sometimes, you know, things happen. You get distracted and you end up drowning. Or sometimes you run into an enemy and that enemy kills you. All right, there we go. our oxygen hits zero and we had some loot on us and it says you have been reprinted. >> This is what happens when people live on the edge. >> So that's the game's lore reason for you respawning. It's got a whole lore built into it as to how. And then on the left side of the screen, it tells you what you dropped. It says we lost water, we lost two titanium, we lost two quarts. It's telling us everything or we can open our inventory and see what exactly we lost. So now we're like, wow, we lost almost everything we picked up. And in the event that you don't want to just reload your last save, which hey, I respect it either way. Or maybe your last save isn't viable, right? Maybe you're like, man, I haven't saved forever, so last save is not viable. What you can do is all your loot is still there. You just have to go back and get it. The only problem is you have to remember where you died. So if you know you're going to die, try to die someplace where you'll be able to see this thing floating in the water and it does not sink to the bottom. So wherever you die, it's going to end up. If you die in the middle of the water, it ends up here. If you die on the floor, it ends up there. Or if you die at the top, it ends up there. Right? So you can kind of make it easier for yourself if you make sure, okay, I'm about to die. Let's make this thing visible. Swim up to it, and all of your loot is here. So you don't have to lose any of the loot when you die. You can get it all back. And when you pick it all up, that thing disappears. You get all your loot back. So dying is not that bad. You just have to swim back and get your loot, which, you know, depending on how far away you were, and if you remember where you were, it can be very difficult or very easy. So now, how the rest of the game is going to play out is you're going to go look for these salvage sites where you can go and scan upgrades. And occasionally Noah's going to have you come back to him and he's going to say, "Oh, I have another black box for you to go find." And that's going to take you to another site of some importance. And usually that site will have important items that you can get. So you don't have to worry too much about not finding the important upgrades. Noah's always going to send you to them eventually. And sometimes he'll send you to them before you go there, and sometimes he'll send you to them after you've already found it on your own. But essentially, Noah acts as kind of this backup. make sure the player eventually goes to the place where these upgrades are so they don't get stuck at some point in the game where they just never found a crash site with a really important upgrade that they weren't able to scan. So, if you ever feel like, man, I don't know what to do next, that's okay. This is a good time to start swimming around exploring and eventually trigger Noah to say, "Hey, come on back. I've got another thing for you." Now, one of the easiest ways to get tons of titanium is you'll see little things like this on the ground. See this little piece of metal? Get close enough to it, you can pick it up. And now, unlike the first game, it only takes one spot of inventory, but you can go to the fabricator and turn it into many pieces of titanium. So, what I recommend is when you find salvaged metal like that, leave it as salvaged metal until you need more titanium. Because right now, it's only taking up one space. But if we come here and we tell it turn that into salvaged titanium, now it's taking four spaces in our inventory, right? So, it's taking up four times the volume, which is not great when you're running out of inventory really fast in this game. And like I said, now is the time to kind of explore this massive square, this half of the map. That's what you're going to be doing for a long time in the beginning of the game is exploring this side of the map. And you're looking for things to scan. Oh, and you're looking for things to scan like the sand spear there, these pouches, water slugs. We're just going to scan everything and anything. Now, there's a lot of clues that you'll start to see in this game. One of which is you'll see a little salvage area like this. And usually when you see one debris field, especially on the edge of a cliff, there's almost always another debris field below it. So you've got this debris field here and some of it's hanging over kind of hinting like there's more falling down. It's a little bit of a storytelling device, but it's also a little bit of a hint device. There's more loot below almost always. It doesn't always land on the top layer. So here, look. And then you find stuff here, and then there's even more down there. And it's kind of got different layers to it. And you can usually go and find multiple layers of loot. So if you find one on one layer, make sure you swim down to the next one and thoroughly explore that as well. And here's the sonic resonator. You really, really want this thing. This is what's going to allow you to break really large mineral deposits. We've got one of two there. It's also going to be how you solve a lot of puzzles in this game. You'll run into things that need to be shattered, destroyed, broken in some way, and that is your primary way of doing that. So when you find that, that's a big moment. Now, sometimes you'll find little bases deep underwater, like this one right here. Come in here, and you're always going to get some solid upgrades in here. Though, not always the entire thing. You might just find a piece. Like here, we have the rebreather. We can get that. And fortunately, we only needed one rebreather to unlock the blueprint, it looked like. Yeah. So, we just need some fiber mesh and a system chip. So, we've got two new things that we need to craft for that. Also got power storage for our base. So, if you have solar panels, this is what keeps the place running at night. to kind of store some of that power when those solar panels turn off. Got an advanced wiring kit here. Perfect. We'll take that. We've got a tadpole fragment. That's our first vehicle that we're going to be driving around. That's a big find. So, lots of blueprints opening up in this one little base. As well as a bed, which is really just a cosmetic item that you can have in your house. You can play the entire game without ever building one of those. This bio bed. So, we can eventually build one of those in our base as well. So, right now, our thirst meter is empty. What this means is it's going to slowly drain our health until we drink water or until we die. So, there's two ways to solve that problem. Technically, either one works just fine, but sometimes dying isn't super convenient. But sometimes it's preferable not to die. So, go ahead and make yourself a water, drink it, and you'll be fine. You've got quite a bit of time to deal with it, but it also takes a while to get anywhere in this game, so it can be easy to die to that one if it sneaks up on you. And in order to make our rebreather, we can see that we need fiber mesh and a system chip. Fiber mesh requires fiber and strong acid. So strong acid is one of the first things that you might run into where you're like, I don't know how to make that. The game's not telling me how to make strong acid. And the main reason for that is you cannot make it here. You can't make strong acid at this location. You need to make strong acid at a machine that you don't have yet. So you've got to build your base and you've got to get the machine built in the base before you can make strong acid. So don't worry about building that until your base is up. So Noah's asking us to talk to him again. So, we talked to him. Just keep talking to Noah because each time you talk to him, he's going to send you to a new site. Sometimes one you found, but a lot of times one that you haven't found yet. And he tends to send you to the ones that have the most pertinent gear upgrades for you. Like right now, we really need the base building tool because we don't have that yet. And a lot of our progression is tucked into having a base. Also, a lot of quality of life. We can get a lot more storage. It's just really nice to have a base up and running. And when it comes to this storage device, you'll notice if you look down, it's carry. If you look up, it's open. And there's kind of a few devices like that where to reliably get them to function, you sometimes look above them to do it. So, if you're having a hard time getting this one to show you the open option, just look above it. And whenever you're heading out to one of these locations that it's sending you out to, make sure to top off your health and your thirst meter and then have at least one of each of those items in your inventory so you can spend a good bit of time out there if necessary. This is obviously more important the farther from your base you're heading out because it's really frustrating to be way out deep. You're finally getting some really important materials and you have to come all the way back just to fix your water and food situation. All right, now we're going to head out to that next location. See what we found. Oh, by the way, when you see cords like this, they're not a bad thing to follow because a lot of times these cords in the ground will take you somewhere useful. So, follow those. This particular cord would have taken you to that first adaptation we grabbed. And remember to use the seafloor to swim much faster. On the way to this location, we found another site which will inevitably have some upgrades for us. So, it's about 150 m that way, but you should never pass up one of these sites because who knows when the next time you'll happen to swim by it is. So, when you see one of these places, stop and swim at them. These blue sharks, these are aggressive. So, watch out for those bad boys. They do get feisty. So, you'll find less exciting things like chairs. That's really just cosmetic. It's so that you can decorate your house if you're someone that's big on decorating. I like to scan them because it just lets me know I've already been here. When I stumble upon this place later if everything's already scanned, it's like, okay, I have been to this particular location because sometimes it can be hard to remember all of them, but if everything's already scanned, you know you were here. You'll also find broken PDAs like this on the floor. You can just read the text, but when you click them, it turns off. So, for these, what you can do is you can read it and then so that you know you've read it, you can just click it. That way, when you see that symbol means you've already read this one before, you don't have to read it again. These are just lore. Whenever you see a plant, a material that you've never picked up before, this is a survival game, so always grab some of it, you will almost certainly need it at some point. And nothing feels worse than finding out you need a material you were just near, but you didn't pick up. So, whenever you see this symbol, that's where someone died because that's the same symbol you leave when you die, right? So, you see the correlation. Every time you find one of these, it's basically someone's death note. Like, what happened to them? We just found a way cryer fragment. These we put on our arms to swim faster underwater. They're amazing. It's a nice little upgrade. So, we definitely want to find those sooner than later. Almost going to die, but we made it to the top with our air bladder. It saves the day again. I would have definitely died there without it. So, we're making our way to that location. This is a good time to talk about these these underwater currents. These are important for a couple of reasons. One is you can use them to get around a lot faster. But two is you can use these as a source of energy for your house using one of these right here, a hydro electric turbine. So, you'll put this in one of them and this will be one of the best sources of power in this game. It was my preferred source of power. It works day and night unlike solar panels. So, it's really nice for that reason. We're going to go ahead and ride it over here. Oh, there's some lead down there. And here's another person's basically death box. Find out what happened to them. And there's a tadpole fragment. This is your first vehicle. Always want to scan these when you can so you can get that first vehicle. The first vehicle is nice because it gives you basically a portable underwater hub that you can take everywhere. And we got our moon pool. Well, the moon poolool is what you're going to build in the bottom of your base so that you can dock and upgrade your tadpole. It's basically an underwater window into your base so you can kind of pull up into it. You see some debris, which means there's probably something to scan here. And there is the habitat builder. We needed that. We need that real bad. That's what's going to allow us to build our base. That's a really big find on the way to Chap here. Looks like it was north of Chap's location. Chap's first location. You'll see little places like this. They've usually got some kind of blue light on them. That's usually a good sign. Hey, there's a bunch of crap to scan here. Once again, if you ever see it, you should always stop and scan it in the way. Oh, nice. There's the second out of three for wake maker. That's our second movement device after our fins. So, mine that with our fins, our move speed gets a little bit better. And be sure to take advantage of your bladder. Anytime you have to go up, it's so much faster to use this thing. So, always always use it to go up. Save you a lot of time. So, Noah is sending us to the next base here. And so, the thing about these bases is Noah's going to do a really thorough job of sending you to them. So, you don't have to stress about not finding him. I'm pretty sure by the time I beat the game, Noah had sent me to just about every single base that I had found on my own. It might have been every single one. I didn't notice any bases where it's like, "Oh, I found this, but he never sent me here." I think he sent me to every single one. It's just you can find them sooner on your own. Repair tool. This is a big one. So, you need the repair tool so that you can solve a lot of puzzles in this game and also to repair your vehicle that you're going to be driving around. So, finding all three pieces of that as soon as possible is really important cuz there's just places you can't go without it. And remember to spam your dash button. This is a good time to tell you how to deal with low batteries on your items. So, you can see down there my scanner. We've been using it a lot. Maybe not as much as I should have been. I'm kind of lax about it because I had finished scanning everything in my last playthrough, so I'm forgetting to do it now. But the battery is low. So, how do you fix that? Well, on PC, if you press R, it brings up the option to change the battery. So now you just left click after that battery pops up above the scanner. Now we have the full battery in the empty battery is sitting in our inventory. And in our house, we'll build an item that can recharge batteries. So you almost never need to craft batteries. Between the ones you find and the wall charger, you will have way more batteries than you need in this game just by finding them. Okay, habitat builder is unlocked because we did find it there just north of Chap's location in the debris. So we can build that and we should build that ASAP. So, we're going to get some coil and we need glass, which is just quartz. There we go. Craft that. And this is a big moment for us. Okay, cool. We've got our habitat builder. Now, for building it, primary ingredient, your habitat, you want to stock up before you start building is primarily going to be titanium with a splash of quartz for like windows and things like that. And then we'll need copper and other stuff when we get into more complicated devices. But at first, it's going to be quartz and titanium. So, we'll just get a bit of that on hand for ourselves so we can go and build the first stages of our base. Like I mentioned, you're going to be going that direction towards the big tree a lot in the mid and late game. So, kind of cheating that way a little bit from your spawn, which is life pod is basically in the middle of the starting area, but relative to the entire map, it's on the edge. So, we can cheat this way quite a bit and save oursel a lot of time when it comes to future endeavors. This will be less centered on the starting area, but more centered on the experience as a whole. So, you know, do you want the trips back to your home to be quicker in the beginning or quicker long term? Or you can always build more than one base. So, you know, there's multiple ways to address this issue, but there's two other things to consider when choosing the location of your base. One, you don't want to go too deep or your solar panels won't work. Two, the ideal source of power is those currents. So, ideally, you can head towards one of those nice currents that we were talking about earlier and build your base somewhat near that location. And then finally, as I kind of mentioned, when it comes to avoiding the big scary thing in between the beginning zone and the endgame zone, you probably want to swim on the northwestern side. That's the easiest way to avoid it. You can also avoid it on the southeastern side. Those are the two edges of this rectangle. It kind of runs diagonally like that in its current state. One edge or the other. If you go right through the middle, that's where you have the highest chances of getting eaten in there and dropping all the stuff that you just harvested. So, right here is a nice spot. We are about 183 m northwest of our life pod for reference. And here we have a nice little current that we can drop that energy into and we've got a decent enough area to build our base. We're also kind of on the western side of the map. So, it's going to be like a straight line from here to the endame area when it comes to going back and forth later if we decide to do that. Another thing that you can do is you can build an entirely new base in the endame area. And that's a perfectly good idea because you will spend a lot of time in the endame area. So, you're definitely going to want a base for sure. It's just how much of a base do you want to rebuild all your crafting benches and your ship upgrades and all that stuff because that can take just as long as it would to go back and forth the times that you have to. So, it's not a right or wrong way. It's personal preference and how many bases you like to build. I like to invest my time into one gigabase and make that thing, you know, as decked out as I can and then kind of return to it when I'm playing these types of games. So, this location would be ideal for me. So, we'll pull out the habitat builder right here. And we have the ability to build a big room, or we could build one of these little corridors. I'm going to start with the big room. There is no right or wrong shape. It's really up to you. But, you will need a big room to put your moon pool, right? You're going to need these two things. And you're going to need a hatch at some point. So, at some point, you're going to need all three of these things, but at first, you're just going to need the hatch and one of these two here. So, this time, I'm going to start out with a big room. Now, the thing to know about your big room, especially the one that you want to put the moon pool in, is you don't want it too close to the ground because then you won't be able to drive your vehicle under it and pull in. So, you don't want to be too close to the ground. Keep it far enough off the ground. And there's no such thing as too close to the top of the water right now. There's nothing currently in the game that makes it bad to be as high up as possible. There we've got the big room. Now, let's build our hatch. This is what allows you to go in and out of the building. So, there we go. Now, we can go in. But until this thing is powered, look, we are still without oxygen. So now we need a source of power. Currently we haven't scanned all of the parts required to build the energy device that we're going to put in that current right there. So we're just going to use a old-fashioned solar panel. Slap this on top. There we go. And you're going to want at least two of these bad boys. Okay. It says I have zero out of one titanium. So you can partially craft things and it'll leave it there until you come back with the necessary ingredients. So we'll grab this titanium here. Just make sure you come back and finish cuz it's not doing anything till you do. There we go. So now we've got two of those. Now, if we come in here, we can breathe. Perfect. An underwater base isn't very useful until you can breathe in it. Now, you're going to use this to build the exterior elements, the interior elements, which is like your fabricator, your lockers, lights if you want better lighting, but those are totally optional. And then your bioed. This is where you respawn if you want to respawn in it. Your Noah terminal. This is where you collect the next quest if you want to call it that, but it's more of a critical point that you should go and explore because you're probably going to scan something important there. And then you've got your scanner station, which is a way of finding materials nearby that are useful. And I'll show you the scanner in more detail later, but this is what you can use to look for specific crafting materials. So you can tell it, "Show me locations of copper." And it'll highlight copper locations. You can click on one and then you'll get a point of interest on the map. You go there and there's going to be some copper. So I recommend all three of these at some point eventually. You can wait on the bio bed because you're just going to spawn back at whatever bio bed you clicked on or your life pod. Your life pod is a perfectly acceptable place to respawn. Hopefully, you're not needing it that often. Like I said, it took me probably 10 hours before I died the first time. However, I did have experience with previous Subnotica games, so I kind of know what's going to kill me and what's not in these games. And if you're wondering, my first death was me drowning. I just lost track of the meter and died. It happens. So, don't feel bad when it happens to you. Now, before this place is really all that useful, the first thing we're going to need is a fabricator, right? Because in order to build things, we're going to need materials. And in order to make those materials, a lot of times we need a fabricator. So, this is going to need copper, titanium, and quartz. Once you get to this point where you've got your little underwater base, now is where you're going to as thoroughly as possible explore the area around your life pod. That is kind of in the middle of the beginner area. So, you want to explore all of that as much as possible scan and learn all the blueprints that you can from this area so that you can make all of the different devices that I'm about to go over. And after a while of doing that, you'll be able to turn this base into this base. So my base is very minimalistic, but it has every essential thing that you could need. Lots of storage, our processor, our biolab, lots more storage. I started off with a tube so you can kind of see how I progressed. I started off with this little tube because it cost the least amount. I put a couple wall lockers next to my fabricator and I used that to get through the beginning of the game. Then I added on to it. So, I added a bunch of storage and these wall lockers and this fabricator. And that got me even deeper into the game. Now, before we move on to all the items that are in the base, let's look at the power in the base. So, in the top left corner, you can see how much power is being created for your base and how much power is being used. Right now, we are creating 40 power and the base is using 34. And now, the sun is coming up and so the solar panels are kicking on and now the solar generation is going up. So, the gap between power consumption and power creation is getting wider. Now, this is why I switch to those underwater turbines. It's so that at night always fill that gap because as soon as you have more power being used than power generated without the battery, it shuts off the power to the whole base and nothing works anymore. So, let's talk about how those work. So, in here, we've got exterior facilities and we've got the hydro electric turbines. So, you can put these anywhere, okay? But my first base, I built it a little ways away from this right here cuz I didn't really know anything about that at the time. And so my base used this one right here. So what you'll do is you build it right here and you'll place it. As long as you set it inside of that current, it will automatically rotate to the correct direction after you place it. So if it looks like, why can't I rotate it so it's facing up like the current? Don't worry, it'll rotate itself as soon as you build it. Then after you build that, you have to build these. These are power transmitters. And basically, they do exactly what it looks like they're doing here. They're going to let power go from those into this. Then they can only reach so far. So you're going to have to build one every so often. So this is about how far they reach. I went about as far as I could. Then it made me put one here because the line broke. So I built another one. Went as far as I could. Built another one. And then you have to attach one to your base with this. Same thing. You just build another power transmitter. But in the air it looks like this. And then if you get it onto the base, it turns into that little tiny version that's right there. And then your power needs for your base are gone. And yes, you can build more than one of these generators in the same current. So, you'll see I have two there, and two has been enough to power my whole main base so far with just a little bit room left over at night. If I added much more to this base, I'd need a third one. Another big difference from this one over the previous entries is there's no reinforcing the exterior of your base so that it doesn't start leaking and getting damaged. That's not a thing. I didn't run into any issues. I just kept making it bigger and bigger and bigger and not once did the base start leaking or taking damage. All right, now let's talk about the things you can craft under the utility section here. The most useful of which is probably going to be the beacon here. This works a little differently than before. So, the way this works is you can't craft this in your base and then just put it in your inventory and bring it out with you. Instead, you've got to bring the materials to craft it and then pull out your building tool and then you can craft it. Now, once you've crafted it, you can no longer just put it into your inventory. Instead, you carry it around with you. So, because you can't put this in your inventory, you're carrying it in your hands. You can't bring it into your vehicle with you. So, if I jump into my vehicle, it sets it down. But you can attach it to the attachment point on the back of your vehicle. So, if you ever need to bring your beacon with you, that's what you want to do. Slap it on the back. For your main base, though, you don't want to use a beacon, just go ahead and use a habitat beacon. Slap one of these on the side like I've done over here. There we go. There's the beacon. And now you'll be able to easily find your way back to your base from anywhere in the game. So, if we go far enough away, you'll see that symbol right there, says base, and tells you how far away you are. While you're exploring, you can also find alien blueprints, such as this chest here. Rather than just using your standard chest, you'll be able to use this one here. However, unfortunately, this chest has less storage space than the standard one while also taking up more space. So, there's not a whole lot of a reason that I can tell right now to use this other than just for RP purposes. Sadly, when I saw how big this thing was, I got excited. I thought it was going to be a really nice large storage space for us. BUT NO, >> DISAPPOINTED. >> And eventually, I needed more space because I needed to build the processor and the bolab and the scanner as well as my moonool for my vehicle and the tadpole docking station and the vehicle fabricator. In order to build the vehicle fabricator, fabricate your tadpole, you have to have a moonpool. So, you got to build a moonpool first. Then, you have to make the moonpool big enough. then it'll allow you to build the vehicle fabricator which you can place on the edge if there's enough space. So if it's red when you're trying to put it there, make sure there's enough clearance behind it because as you can see, you need to stand behind it. And then make sure there's enough clearance left and right of it. And if there is, it'll allow you to place this. Then when it comes to fabricate your vehicle, you need to make sure that your pool is big enough to fit the vehicle. And the more additions you get onto the vehicle, the more space it takes up in here. Now, the building system in this game works really cool. So, if we click room, we can go to a wall and we can expand that whole wall. So, if I hold down leftclick right now, this entire wall, it's just going to push it out one square. So, that this is that much bigger. Really nice. I could click on this wall and I could do the same thing. I could click on this wall right here. I can push the whole back out. Same thing with the moonpool. And this is going to be really important cuz you're going to need to do this. By default, you'll make a little moonpool, but then you'll need it to be bigger. So, you can just put it over the edge of your moonpool. And you can see there, here's how big it is. If we do this, now this area got that much bigger. If we do that again to that area, now we just made the moon pool that much bigger, which is important because the first moonool is not going to be big enough to fit your larger tadpool. Your tadpool is the vehicle you will get and use to explore the world. It's essential. It's got different variations that act as little attachments that you can attach to it or detach from it that are really important. But before I talk about the vehicle, let's talk about one thing you're going to need early that we haven't talked about yet and it can be a little bit confusing. So, one thing you need early is strong acid. And this was one of the things that confused me actually. I went really deep into the game without having a rebreather and some other things that needed strong acid embarrassingly deep because I was waiting for strong acid to appear in here. I'm like, man, I guess I didn't find it. But, as I kind of touched on earlier, it doesn't go there. Strong acid is in the machine that turns all your minerals to ingots, which I wasn't expecting. So you come in here and you've got all these ingots, but then boom, strong acid, which I somehow missed. I don't know, maybe I'm blind. I'm not sure. But there it is. And it's a simple recipe. Two necroli cysts. And fortunately, these are really easy to find in the beginner area. So just do a lap around your pod, you know, 100 200 meters away from it and go around it and you'll find these bad boys out there. They're a little flower at the top of a plant. Just pluck them. That's a purple plant. You see a purple plant with flower on it, you found it. And now you can make strong acid. And when you can make strong acid, in fact, I'll just go ahead and show it to you real quick because why not? So, we're in our tadpole. Our tadpole moves so slow because we've got the attachment on it that adds 30 storage to it. That's what this is back here. We got all this storage. 30 storage slots here, which is huge, especially for some quests at the very end of the game. So, it definitely was worthwhile to use it when I needed the storage, when I was going out to collect materials. But whenever you're exploring more for the purpose of scanning, which you do at least as often, it's better to use this attachment right here. So, we'll take off this one by pressing Q. And that leaves this attachment sitting right here. That's the one. We just drive the machine into that and it'll automatically attach. But we go real slow with that. But if you're playing with friends, it's also got seats, which is handy. This one, however, if you are playing with friends, they can grab it, right? So, you don't need seats really. It doesn't do you any good. It's purely for the storage. If you're playing with a friend and you want to go fast, just go fast with this one right here. Hit this. Drive into this and it picks it up. And now we've got more maneuverability. We're way faster. So, let's go look at that plant for the strong acid. Okay. So, when you start seeing these pink plants, you're very close. And here it is. So, you'll see these little pink plants. And on the top there's the flower. You'll pull out your basic tool that you smack things with. And you smack this flower and you get it. You can't pick it up with your hands. So, if you go up to it and you can't pick it up, it's because you don't have your tool that you smack stuff with. So, pull that out, smack it, and now you've got it. In my game, this region is roughly 386 m north of the life pod. So, go north from the life pod, and you should see this pink forest here. Is this the first time I've seen one of these in the water? They're normally flying above it. What in the world? This looks like a trap, right? Like it would suck you into it. No. I thought it would hurt me at least. Let's see if I'm out of my vehicle. Will it get me? Scan. Ooh, I can scan it. Okay, now if I swim into this, will it grab me? It's going to grab me, right? No. Wow. I thought for sure that would eat me if I swam into that. It just looks menacing. It looks kind of like a trap, right? Doesn't even electrocute me. Interesting. Okay, now you know. I think that was one of the very few things I hadn't scanned yet in this game cuz normally they're floating above the water like they're in the air. It's the first time I noticed one in the water somehow. And as I was mentioning earlier, so once you have your moon pool set up with the dock, you can just drive it into this thing and it automatically docks you kind of like the previous entries. And there we go. There's our craft. Okay, so that covers the strong acid. You're going to need that one often and early for some really critical things. It's here at this processor. So, make sure you scan processors every time you run into them in the wild. And then you get that thing going early cuz here you're going to make these ingots, which you'll use a lot. And you'll make that strong acid, which you'll use a lot as well. You've also got some alternative recipes down here at the bottom. So, there's alternative recipes for mild acid, strong acid, grease, first aid, even water. So, those might be useful in a pinch. I haven't found a need for them too much in this first version of early access. So, the way the processor works is you click on it, then you choose the recipe that you want to craft. Let's say we wanted to make a copper ingot. Click on that. It says not enough resources loaded. So, we click load processor and it's going to put three cuz it tells us it needs three right there. Some require one of three different materials to make it right. It's like a mix, an alloy. The main difference when you're using this is it does have an actual craft time. I think everything here takes 30 seconds to craft. So, there's a little bit of a wait, especially if you're queuing up like 10 of these. So fortunately, you can queue it up and you can walk away. You can queue a bunch up here, walk away, do other things, come back and it'll be in here. If you want to cancel it, you can just take the stuff out and once it's done crafting, go over to this side, the output, grab it. Boom. So that's how the processor works. Then over here, we got the biolab. Now, this is one of the more fun and exciting tools at our disposal cuz this is where we are going to get our active biomods and our passive biomods. And you can see here I've unlocked every single one of both in the game. the biomods. You're going to get some of these by default when you first get this machine. And then as you play through the game, you scan more creatures. You're going to unlock the rest of these, particularly by scanning with your upgraded scanner. And I'll talk about that in a moment. But this is where you'll get these. And it looks like in the first version of the game, you're going to have access to one at a time. And then it looks like later we'll be able to have multiple at a time, but not at release. Now, the next one is the scanner. This one's a little more on the confusing side until you kind of see how it works and then it's kind of brilliantly implemented. So the way this works is you can tell it to highlight materials in the region. Maybe you need lithium, right? So you click lithium, come here and there's one lithium [clears throat] area. So you click this after. Boom. And this circle in the middle, that's the location of this device. So when it says it's this direction, there it is right there. Right? So if you click on this and you're like, man, where is it? Well, if you stand literally in the circle, look at the thing you clicked on. It's going to be just past it. Okay, real easy. And if we go there, there will be lithium there. Now, similarly, you could use this to find nearby aces, debris, bloom infestations, right? So, if you think, man, where's the nearby debris that I might have missed? You can click on this. By the time I had built this thing, I had found all of these debris sites. So, it wasn't really telling me anything I didn't know. However, when I built my second base and I put one of these in it, it was far more useful because I built it kind of right when I got there and then I was able to beline it to all these locations in my second base because this, as you notice, has a range of 300 m. 300 m is tiny in this game. That is not far at all. Your second base will be 1,500 m from here alone, right? So, that's a large area between here and there that is not being covered by this scanner. So when you build that scanner, everything around it is good information along with debris and bases. You can do bloom infestations, which is kind of a little puzzle that you have to solve to open up some of the plants to get more adaptations. And you can do anomalies. Go to those locations. Biohacking chambers. This is where you can get some solid upgrades this way by going to these places. So make sure you visit all of them once you get this thing up and running. So that's how the scanner works. Really, really useful, especially in your second base. By the time you build it in your first one, depending on how thoroughly you were exploring, you may have already found all these things. And next up, we have the vehicle fabricator. So, we click on this. And at first, you're just going to be able to make the tadpole. That's the first thing you'll be able to make. And that's just the little thing in the middle there. The wings are an addition. Okay? So, you'll make that tadpole. And then you'll find the blueprints to make the scout ray chassis. The scout ray chassis is going to be more maneuverable and faster than tadpole alone. So these two combined equal speed. So you get around, you zip around faster. It's easier to dodge scary things. And then the very end of the game, you will get the tadpole hall chassis, and you'll find those in the very endame zone. That's going to slow you way down, but it's got 30 inventory spaces, which is huge because you're going to be running around with about 15, right? Because you'll have tools, food, and water in this top row, leaving 15. So, it's essentially increasing your inventory size by 200%. It's not double, it's tripling the size of your inventory when you've got the hall. So, that can make collecting loads of ingredients in a single run a lot more efficient. Okay, so there's that. Then, you've got the modification station. The modification station is where you will build upgrades for your tadpole. So, there's multiple ways to upgrade your tadpole. One is the attachments that you can build here, and then two is here. You can build modules that you stick inside of it. So, you've got modules that increase the armor of the tadpole so it doesn't take as much damage. You've got ones that make it run quieter so that big scary things are less likely to notice you and so on. You've got the photovoltaic charger which allows you to charge your tadpole. It basically gives your tadpole solar panels so it can selfcharge when it's near the surface of the water. I never found this one to be necessary because every time I dock my tadpole here, it charges. It charges while it's ducked automatically. So, mine was always charged. And then this one is essential. Your tadpole depth module. So at first your tadpole can only go down to can't recall. Let's take a look real quick. Come in here. Take the depth out. And then if we get in, we can see how deep it can go. Oh, it's 250 m to start. So you can see that yellow number when you're in the vehicle. That's how deep it can go before it starts taking damage. So as soon as I get to 250 m below, it'll start taking damage over time. The bottom right of my screen there, it says 99 with the wrench. That's the health. The lightning bolt with the 100. That's the energy. >> More [music] passion. More passion. more energy. More energy. >> And there's enemies that will steal power from your tadpole. So, when something that looks kind of like a starfish latches onto this thing somewhere, you have to get out of it and smack it off. Or you can grab it with your hand, but that hurts a lot. So, I recommend shooting it off, smacking it off so you don't take damage. Otherwise, that thing's going to be sitting there leeching power from you, which you don't want. So, right now, the depth that it can go to is 250. If we put that upgrade module in again, now the depth it can go to is 450. So, it nearly doubled how deep you can go in this thing without it taking damage, which is essential for later exploration because then you can get out of it and swim deeper without your vehicle to explore all of the stuff. I think that in the current game, you're going to be swimming down to 650 m or so, something like that, I think, is how deep I went by the end of this thing. So, that's the depth module. Really important. Then, you've got engine efficiency. This is going to make it so you don't run out of energy on your tadpole as often. And again, I didn't really find this one necessary because I'd go out and my inventory always fills up way sooner than I can run out of energy on this thing. Inventory in this game is the limiting reagent. It's the reason I come back to base when I do. It's always my inventory is full. So, another few interesting facts about the tadpole. To change out the battery for it, you click on the top right here. You've got the power cell. You can take that out, put it in. Right here, you've got the upgrade area. Click on that. Has all of these. And then on the back, you've got this little area right here. And what you can do right here randomly is if you have an item out, you can set it on it. And now it's just there when you need it. So you don't have to have inventory space holding onto that item. Most items I either want on me or I don't really bring them around. But for that item that you need, you can set it there and then when you need to build something, you can pull it off. in the panic when you're going to repair your ship. So you'll get out of your ship and you start repairing it in battle, which is the most effective way to survive is if something starts attacking you, just keep your ship alive. So get out, repair it, then hop back in and you'll probably be able to get away. But if in the panic you end up behind the ship and you click, you'll do what I did where I was confused is all heck, I thought the enemy took my repair gun. I was like, wow, the enemy in this game took my gun. I know that was a thing in a previous entry where they could take a tool, but okay. And then later on, I found my tool back here and I was like, "Oh, okay." So, my tool was stuck to the back. That's what happened. Cool. Good to know. So, now you know, now you won't be as confused as I was when my tool disappeared. But that's not the only thing that you can attach there. You can also attach these work lights. I slap that on there. And now you can have a work light wherever you go. You can turn this on. There you go. It's toggled on. And now it's lighting up the area below our vehicle anytime we stop and get out, which is pretty handy. Conveniently, you can also attach your beacons to it, which is really handy because you can't put these in your inventory like you could in previous Subnotica. You used to be able to just put these away. It would take up one slot. You can carry it around with you. Well, now you can't do that anymore. But what you can do is attach it to the outside of the vehicle. So, a little bit of a compromise there. Beacons are really cheap and excellent way of keeping track of places that you find and may want to come back to. So, you can craft these anywhere by pulling out your building tool and choosing the beacon, which only costs one copper and one titanium. So, really cheap. You can just carry those ingredients on you when you're out and about. And then when you need to, you can craft it and then just, you know, drop it in that area, give it a name, you know, lots of silver. So now, you know, like, oh, there's a lot of silver at that beacon. If I ever need silver again in the future, I can just look for that beacon and go back to it. So, if we back away from it, you can see there you go. Lots of silver at this location. So, there we go. You can also attach more things to this. You could attach an oxygen generator if you wanted to bring that out and about with you. So, you could spend more time underwater when you leave your vehicle. You don't need oxygen when you're anywhere near it because at any time you can just hop in it, fill up your oxygen gauge and hop back out again. And then it's also worth noting if we go over here to our other chassis and we connect to that really quick. There we go. So, now when we're connected to this, we've got an attach point on each side. So, we've got this attachment point. We've got this attachment point. And what else we can do is we can go like this. Put storage on both sides. So, now look how much storage we've got. We've got 15. And then the main storage from the chassis itself. We've got 30 here. And then we can put the 15 on the other side for a total of 60 extra cargo space. If you're willing to go a little bit slower, well, quite a bit slower, you can have so much more storage while you're going around. Now, the only downside is this is how fast you move. It's quite a bit slower, but it will be nice to not have to come back just because your inventory is running out of space. Another thing that would be nice about it is what you can do is you can put water in these so that when you're leaving, you have tons of water and food. You don't have to come back just for the purpose of getting more water and food, which let me tell you, the main reason you're coming back most of the time is because your inventory is full or you need to top off your water and food meters. This one vehicle set up like this solves that problem entirely. Really, really handy. Just to give you a comparison, here's how fast we go in this vehicle. And then when we need to turn, it's a bit like turning a bus, right? compared to this vehicle here. And that's how fast this goes. And this you can zip around. You're much faster and you can turn much faster. So, pros and cons for sure. But with all this extra storage on the sides, oh man, that thing is just so handy now when you attach all that stuff to it. So, make sure to take advantage of those attach points. One of the first things that you find in this game right under your life pod is one of these storage bins. So, you know, take advantage of that thing, use it, and then attach it to your tadpole as soon as you build your tadpole for that extra storage. Super handy. Oh, and if you're ever trying to attach to one of your chassis and it won't let you attach, that's because your tadpole can't have something attached to it when you attach one of these chassis, right? because they are going to connect to the back there. So, remove that, then drive into the chassis and it should connect for you. Now, aside from your tadpole upgrades, you can do prototype tool modifications. So, you'll be able to upgrade your IO scanner as well as your resonator. Two really important upgrades. The bioscanner is what's going to allow you to scan enemies, and that's going to unlock these passives here. You scan an enemy. So, when you scanned this enemy here, the water slug, you got a passive that you could slot that slowly fills a water packet. And that's what I have right now. As I'm sitting here talking to you guys, I haven't been drinking my water bottles. I've been drinking the water that slowly builds up. You'll see a little blue thing pop up on screen as I'm talking. Oh, there it is. That goes into my inventory, and I can just drink that. And it's kind of a passive source of water. It makes it so I need far less water bottles in my inventory, which isn't the most useful passive in the beginning, but in the end, it's five water. And by the way, this goes up to 30. So, if I don't use this, it'll get another stack. So, it'll say 10 water, then 15, then 20. But sadly, it caps out at 30. So, make sure every time it gets to 30, you've used it. There's no point in letting it go beyond that. So, we'll go ahead and drink that. So, the way you get all of these is from your scanner upgrade. So, what you're going to do is you're going to run around scanning every creature. And occasionally when you scan a creature, it's going to say, boom, passive biomod unlocked. And you can come here and see what it does. So, when we scanned the sandpar gordy, we unlocked glow-in-the-dark bioluminescence, which just makes your character glow a little bit. I did not find a practical use for this. I'll do a separate video that goes over all of these and what each one does and where to find the creatures that unlock it. So, make sure you subscribe to the channel so you get alerted when I push that video live. But that's the passive biomods and that's what the upgraded scanner is for. And then the upgraded resonator. This is what you're going to use to solve puzzles later on. You're going to have to destroy little clever things and it's really nice because it turns your resonator into basically a ranged weapon that you can shoot mineral deposits from far away. So, here it is. You can shoot them from far away and you don't have to walk up to them and when it hits it, it sucks all those minerals into here. So you can stand back and just shoot at that one, shoot at that one, shoot this one over here and all the minerals go into your character and it just speeds up mineral farming a lot if you happen to be in a mineralrich area. One thing I haven't talked about yet is until you get the dock for your tadpole, like if you just haven't built that quite yet, these battery chargers are really useful. So this is the battery charger for our tools. So, let's say I want to change this battery. And then we interact with this. that in there. And so, like I said, these batteries charge really fast, too. Look, you can see it going up as I'm talking. You literally see it going. It does not take long to charge. So, you just drop them in there every time. Same thing for this one. This is for the power cell. Power cells are what power your vehicle. So, if you don't have the dock built yet, it's not going to charge your tadpole when you pull into your moon bay. It needs this dock. That's what these stairs are right here. Until you have that built, it won't charge automatically. So, you got to take that power cell out and put it into this device here, and this will charge it. If you don't have any of the things that I've shown you yet, you simply just haven't found it on the ground underwater and scanned it. That's where almost all of these blueprints are located, especially these later in the game ones. You'll find a debris field. You'll find some boxes with a light on them, and you go over to it, and you start scanning things nearby, and you're going to get all of this stuff. And there does appear to be duplicates, a lot of duplicates. So, it's not like if you miss one, you're screwed. If you need to scan three of something to unlock it, then there's going to be more than three of those out in the world. Once you have all that you need to unlock the blueprint, every time you scan it after that, it's going to give you something like titanium and just put that in your inventory for scanning something that you've already got unlocked. So, if you scan something and you get titanium as a result, that's why you've already unlocked that blueprint. But, it's still worth scanning, like I said, so that you know you've been in that area before. So, between the points of interest that Noah sends you to and all of your exploration, that's going to be your progression through the game. And basically, what's going to happen is you're going to find more of those flowers, but you won't be able to get to them. For some reason, you won't be able to access that flower, and you'll run into areas that you can't go into, and you'll have to figure out why. And without spoiling anything, the answer is always going to be an adaptation that you need to find or a tool that you need to scan somewhere and upgrade it. And so without spoiling it, you can kind of piece together which one it probably is based on the situation. Also, when you get close enough to an item that needs a tool that you don't have, for instance, let me get near something that you can use a tool on. Okay, here we go. So, when we get near something that you can use a tool on, look in the bottom right. Do you see how it shows you what tool I need to use on this thing? So, it's telling me I need that tool out. So, I can pull this tool, equip it, and now when I use that on it, I can get that material. Same thing will happen with puzzles. So, if you walk up close enough to it, so let's see. I'm not looking at it and we don't see it. And then boom, I look at that and the little symbol pops up. There will be puzzles where you walk up to it and in the bottom right there, you get a little question mark. That means it's a tool you don't have yet, which also means you now need to go out and find that tool and scan it with your scanner somewhere. That's what that means. So, that's how you know if it's an adaptation that you don't have or a tool that you need. If you can walk up to it and you get the symbol in the bottom right that shows a tool or shows a question mark, that's a tool related issue. But if you can't go somewhere for any other reason, like you go into it and it hurts, it stops you, whatever, then that's an adaptation related issue, which means you need to find one of those big flowers and stick your hand into it to go to that area because it's going to give you an adaptation that allows you to survive in that condition. There are a couple of really useful items in the endgame zone, and you'll know that area when you get to it. And just like this area, when you get to the endame zone, I recommend building next to one of these. I'm intentionally not showing you that area because I don't want to spoil it for you, but you kind of get a prime location to build it right next to the point of interest. I guess the alien ruins, when you go to the alien ruins, building your second base right near there is a phenomenal idea. That's going to be a nice hub location. Plus, also there's vents like this right there that you can use to power your devices if you'd like to. The area over there is at least as big or even bigger than the starting area over here. There is a lot going on and there's even some really important sites that Noah doesn't send you to on that side. Whereas in the starter area, I think Noah sends you to literally every important location here. So, you may find them before he sends you there, but eventually he'll send you there even if you miss him over here. Whereas over there, there's sites that you can completely miss. He won't tell you. I know. I got hung up for a bit trying to find my feedback resonator. I couldn't find the upgrades that I needed to scan to get this tool so that I could complete a certain part of the puzzle. And I was a little bit stuck. I was not sure at the time if it was an adaptation issue or if it was a tool issue. And then later I discovered what I just told you about tools. Like if it's a tool issue, it'll show you on screen. There'll be a question mark. You don't have this tool. You need a tool before you can solve this puzzle. And so before I realized that, it felt like I had explored everything. And when you're exploring a region back to back to back without taking a break from the game, you kind of accidentally retread your old footsteps, right? You take the same path through the areas, and you keep missing the one place you haven't been yet. So, if that happens to you, don't be afraid to step away from the game, go eat dinner, go to sleep, come back the next day, and wherever you would normally turn right, turn left. Wherever you would go straight, you know, go down, go up. like do whatever you can to just fight your natural instinct and you will eventually end up at the new place that has the thing that you need that you couldn't find cuz you were kind of going in circles before. Since this one is a beginner guide, I didn't want to go into too much detail about some of the things beyond the starting area. Although you now know all the systems and the mechanics that you'll use through the whole game, you haven't seen, you know, what's dangerous, what's over there, what puzzles you need to solve, and how to solve them. And I'll save all that information for follow-up videos. So, if you enjoyed this video and you want more information or you want to be alerted to those or you want to at least have access to them when I post them in case you need them, make sure to like this video and subscribe. And the biggest thing you can do to help this video is share it with a friend that's playing the game or leave a comment letting others know, hey, I found this video helpful. It's totally worth watching. And that tells the algorithm this video worth showing to more people. And so, for that, I would be eternally grateful because I put a lot of work into these massive guides. Anyways, I'm Lucky Ghost. This is what I do. I try to make the best beginner guide for every major game that comes out. Subscribe if that sounds useful to you. Check out one of these videos popping up on screen right now. And massive shout out to my YouTube channel members. Thank you guys for supporting the channel in the big way you do and making these massive projects possible. If you want to become a channel member because you enjoy these beginner guides, click the link in the description or click the join button below. But above all else, I hope to see you [music] guys in the next video. Happy gaming. Heat. Heat.

  Top Comments:
  1. @LuckyGhost [8 likes]: Thanks for watching! Share the video with your friends if you found it helpful!
🚨update! Biobeds give increased inventory space and more
:_luckySquee: Subnautica 2 Beginner Guide: https://youtu.be/5lGFi2o2IQM
:_luckySquee: Subnautica 2 Biomods Guide: https://youtu.be/TqP7kzEobGk?si=QJRrBl5VlLU3dmQQ
:_luckySquee: Subnautica 2 WIsh I Knew Sooner: https://youtu.be/lkQvzCf6YGA
:_luckySquee: Subnautica 2 Mistakes to Avoid: https://youtu.be/RZojPgio3BE
  2. @flintkeil4626 [2 likes]: Just adding a comment to help you out - but, honestly, great beginner guide and you have a great way of explaining things to your viewers. Definitively subscribed and looking forward to more Subnautica 2!
  3. @AJayLongway [2 likes]: 1:04:02 if you interact with some bio-beds that you find, they’ll increase your inventory space.
  4. @naomy1701: dont know if its a bug, but i saved manually before i went to scan the Collector Leviathan, and when he ate me and i left, the only save available was the auto safe, a second before i started to scan it... -.-
  5. @johnohendalski1481: great guide thank you
  6. @timlowdon2943: The chests would be cooler if you could stack them.
  7. @trystinmalin3720: You can avoid the giant squid by swimming just under the surface of the water as well, so you can swim down the middle. Just stay at the surface of the water.
  8. @Liquidxearo: 5. Ownership

The License confers to you no title or ownership in the Game, including any in-game items, the Documentation, or Services, and it should not be construed as a sale of any rights in the Game, the Documentation or Services.
  9. @Liquidxearo: The Game is licensed to you, not sold. This License does not give you any title or ownership in the Game and should not be construed as a sale or transfer of any intellectual property or other rights to the Game. The License shall terminate automatically if you fail to comply with these Terms. In such event, you must uninstall all copies of the Game and the Game Software. You may also terminate the License at any time by uninstalling the Game Software from your Devices (including any archival copies).
  10. @BolinFoto: I hate food and hydration mechanics in games....
You can go a whole day without drinking anything and go days without food and not dying.
But in these games, don't drink and eat for five minutes and you die.
People call it immersive but all I can think of is how stupid that mechanic is, so for me it's the opposite of immersive.
  11. @Jaxom35x: You can unpin from tab, also an "unpin all" button shows up when you hit tab
  12. @aaronwe9850: I see a lot of small/large boxes that are closed and can't be opened.
Is there a tool that will open them, or they're just useless debris?

Kudos on your tutorial.
  13. @brandonrobinson4975: Subbed!! Thanks for all your hard work!
  14. @angessonedh: I haven't got as far as needing to use the power transmitters over a long distance yet but when I do I'm going to have to make sure they are grounded in the rock or seabed as seeing them floating statically  with no bobbing about or movement in an ocean with waves and currents just isn't immersive.
  15. @Dfoto679: You cannot use the water fish until you get that digestive. You’re really doing a disservice to your viewers thinking that you can just pick them up and go to your machine blah blah blah you can’t you have to get the digestive first or you die
  16. @Dfoto679: I’m really not enjoying this Subnautica too compared to the first Subnautica. There’s a lot of things that are lacking. No ability to upgrade your air tanks early on no definitive weapons that don’t need charging early on to kill the sharks and it gets to be really redundant just picking up things around the base.
  17. @Dfoto679: You also do not get the ability to make larger air tanks in early game, which really is required to go deeper down and not have to return 100 m to the surface
  18. @Dfoto679: What I don’t like so far is there are no good weapons to kill the sharks around plant things that you need to touch. I have the blaster, but it is not quick enough to shoot them. I cannot get to them and it gets very frustrating without a definitive weapon that doesn’t take charging time.
  19. @agentkibbs: Those alien chest ill put them around the outside of my garden. Think that will look cool and easy way to store crops. What  you think?
  20. @Matt-gf4gd: 17:50 bro speak for yourself. The late game parts of Subnautica games always stress me out, when you have to go deep into the dark where there's giant monsters waiting to eat your entire submarine.

- What do I need to start making Dioramas?: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] hi guys i hope you're good welcome to creative cuts a channel where i build paint and create things now i've had a lot of requests asking for a video about how to get started or what equipment is needed to begin making dioramas so in this video i hope to answer that call please don't think me as some kind of expert but in the short time that i have been building dioramas i've definitely learned a few things i appreciate that many of you will already know many of the tools but i guess i'm trying to think of it from a perspective of someone who's completely new to the hobby of course i understand that everyone has different needs and ambition as well as different budgets to play with so this video is definitely not meant to be a shopping list but more of an overview of the tools and equipment that i use on a regular basis also i'm based in the uk so some of the items may have different names where you are but hopefully this will at least help a little so to kick things off what do i need to start making dioramas the good news is not much however each project may require different equipment so as you get further into the hobby you'll quickly find that list grows and grows but there are three vital things to consider space a place where you will create some basic tools and equipment things that will make your creations possible and imagination sounds basic or obvious but this can be applied to many things but more about that later a space can take many forms but there are a few different things that might be worth thinking about when choosing a space this can range from your humble kitchen table to a dedicated space to a full-blown workshop or anything in between a few questions you can ask yourself is there adequate space to see what i'm doing how much mess can i make can i open a window if using materials that have strong odours again these might seem obvious to you just something i thought i'd mention next and the main topic of this video is some of the tools that i use on a regular basis and what they're used for so first up is the thing that will stop you cutting into the table or desk that you're working on it's called a self-healing cutting mat because the cuts almost disappear from the surface so you don't end up with loads of grooves from repeated cuts next you will need something to actually cut your materials so a knife will help with this a snap off blade i use these all the time particularly for cutting foam as i can extend the blade all the way out they come in two main sizes a small and a large next is a craft knife sometimes called the scalpel but great for fine detailed work again these come in a variety of shapes and you can easily swap the standard cutting blade for custom shape blades which again can all easily be found as craft sets on the internet for pretty cheap for more heavy duty tasks i use these retractable knives as they use a more rigid thicker blade than the others again these come in a range of shapes but are very easily found at any hardware shop or online and i find it really useful to keep a range of spare blades so when one dulls or gets damaged you can still continue to work next to measure the things that you intend to cut some measuring devices will be essential a simple measuring tape is always useful but not helpful for using as a guide to cut against so for that i use a metal ruler this one is quite thick so it gives me a good straight edge to measure and cut against and finally a set square can help making sure your walls are square if you're making model houses for example another way of cutting things is with dedicated cutters and sizes and styles but here is a few that i use firstly angled side cutters these are great for removing miniatures from sprues as they give flush fine more precise cuts next i will call mini wire cutters but basically they are more robust version of the previous set these are called long nose pliers and are great for gripping and bending and squashing small items next i have some full sized wire cutters which i use for cutting heavier gauge wire and can easily be found in any hardware store i thought i would include these as well this is not something i use too often sometimes useful is an adjustable wrench which works great for quickly clamping two flat materials together some wire strippers which work great for removing plastic sheathing around wires and some tin snips these are great for cutting thin metal but i often find myself using these a lot for most of my heavy duty cutting tasks next i regularly use a pin vise to drill small holes again these come in a range of styles but will essentially do the same thing when i need to drill bigger holes i use a power drill you don't need anything fancy just any basic drill will usually suffice i have a variety of drill bits to hand ranging from tiny ones to bigger beefier ones next i will often find myself cursing at my big clumsy fingers so for really fine detail work i use tweezers these can be regular bathroom tweezers or a more specialized shape depending on the task at hand now once you have measured and cut your materials you'll need to stick it all together so to do this there are a number of types of glue which will make your life easier firstly the mainstay of any modelling project will be pva glue or white glue or craft glue as it's sometimes referred to essentially it will stick most types of material together if applied on top of porous materials it can also act as a sealer making it ready to accept paint it can also be diluted with water to give different properties next i have grab adhesive or a no nails type product which is which is basically a less neat way of sticking virtually any two materials together permanently next i have a couple of types of wood glue but these are all essentially different forms of pva some will dry quicker than others but i wanted to show you that there are always plenty of alternatives available now again similar to pva is a product called mod podge and as far as i understand it's similar in its properties to pva but also comes in a gloss or a matte finish i will often use this as a sealer in a project before painting or mixing with some foliage or ground textures to make into a paste for plastics and metal i will sometimes use super glue or another way of sticking plastics is plastic cement which basically fuses two surfaces together rather than just sticking them and probably my favorite type of glue is hot glue from a hot glue gun it's fast curing time makes it great for continuing a build when creativity takes hold without having to wait for long times to dry in between this is an 11 mil glue gun with two temperature settings high and low temp and the sticks come in a number of lengths you can also get seven millimeter mini glue guns but for anyone doing a lot of gluing i would definitely recommend the bigger size you can also get this glue in various colors here's a black one which i'm using for my current build now in order to apply these diluted mixtures of pva that i mentioned earlier i will often use an atomizer i picked up these plastic condiment squeezy bottles online and they're great for holding washes or diluted glue for more accurate application for yet finer applications i'll use a pipette simple and cheap and now that you have stuck your materials together you might find that you need to remove some excess material and you can do this by sanding you can use metal files like the ones i'm showing you now or you can use sandpaper in various grades and for finer details i often use these little nail files which can be bought in a pack from your local chemist now the most common question i get is what foam do i use to build and i use two main types polystyrene it's cheap and can be bought in big sheets of various thickness often you can acquire this for free if you are reusing packaging and it's easily cut the main downside is the little balls get everywhere so for more precise work such as carving details or making buildings i use xps foam sometimes referred to as insulation board it can be a little expensive so often i'll bulk out the mass with polystyrene first and then switch to xps foam for refinement to build up the landmass or cast rocks i will use plaster i bought this one kilogram bag of fine casting powder online and it works great for holding details in casts i also regularly sculpt mold to build up the ground texture and this is essentially a fine plaster mixed with mesh paper to add mass i've made my own in the past but for less faff i just bought some pre-made and i genuinely love this product it's great to work with and now for clean up i have a few packs of cloths a roll of tissue and some spray cleaner a little brush also helps to quickly sweep your workspace clean and to protect your hands you may want to invest in a box of nitrile gloves when using spray paint for example you can save yourself a lot of scrubbing later on down the line now in terms of paint i use two types mainly acrylics and oils acrylics are water-based paint and come in a variety of brands quality and performance to cover larger areas i often use cheap student grade painters there is no need to apply more expensive miniature paints to larger areas i also have a range of artist quality paints which have a much higher and better quality pigment content than cheaper paints you need less paint to achieve more intense colors but pay a price for doing so now for my all paints i generally avoid the cheaper student grade paint and opt for higher quality artist grade paint this is like the royals royce of paint if you ask me and once you get used to using oils they're an absolute pleasure to work with always keep a box of random cocktail sticks and popsicle sticks matchsticks bits of string straws and anything else that might come in useful for building i also use a wide range of modelling materials too many to cover in depth in this video but these range from natural things i find in nature to home brew inventions such as this dyed oregano to shop materials like flocks and static grasses a simple hair dryer can speed up your drying times and it's always useful i use airbrushes all the time again a topic for another video but if you're interested in learning more about airbrushes then let me know in the comments below paint specifically designed to be used in airbrushes can be acrylic or specifically formulated paint for mural or automotive work and if you're using an airbrush it helps to take the necessary health precautions so a mask is advisable now a couple of non-essential but quality of life tools that i use all the time the first is the proxima hot wire cutter used to cut foam into all manner of shapes and sizes easily and a rotary tool in this case a dremel with an adjustable speed setting you can get all manner of attachments for these from cutting discs to engraving and carving tools you're probably feeling a bit overwhelmed at this moment but that brings me to my final point imagination now when i first started i didn't have the majority of these tools so often i had to come up with creative ways to solve a problem you don't need most of the tools i mentioned but they will definitely make your life a little bit easier alternatively bargain stores are a great place to start and will often stock a number of the tools described here so the process doesn't need to be expensive be imaginative think outside the box let your creativity run wild i hope you found this video useful in some way and if you'd like to support the channel and see what i actually do make you can subscribe and stay up to date with all the latest videos give the video a like and share it with anyone you think might find it useful thanks for watching and happy building you

  Top Comments:
  1. @dragon7ish885 [4 likes]: The first thing you need is a good idea and then a plan. :face-blue-smiling: Devising a plan is the hardest thing! (Construction) The rest is easy going. BUT: your Tipps are the best for beginners. Thank you.
  2. @Official_C4Studios [2 likes]: Im trying to recreate a Toho set forest from a Godzilla film. Before i add the grass flocking i want there to be a dry dirt texture under the grass. Should i spray paint the baseplate or use real dirt? The set doesn't really have to look that realistic but it needs to withstand stop motion animation.
  3. @Official_C4Studios [2 likes]: im going to make a forest diorama for Godzilla stop motion videos. what do you recomend? the figures are 7-8 inches tall.
  4. @willmcwithey6796 [2 likes]: Am I the only one that finds this video relaxing?
  5. @josenunez2598 [1 likes]: Nice,well said
  6. @AlessaBurns [1 likes]: Thank you so much for making this video. I want to get into building scenery for my husband's model trains and simply was overwhelmed by the amount of stuff that model train shops are trying to throw at me and knew that I can definitely go cheaper than that, so I have been trying to find inspiration on YouTube and this video was so very helpful to make a list of useful things to have. Many of those we already have in the home. Also, I absolutely love the dioramas you build, they are beautiful. My favourite ones are the UFO ones!
  7. @johnwhite5461 [1 likes]: Also, show your build process, what you do, !and how you do it. That will help a lot
  8. @junaidquadri8680 [1 likes]: Thanks so much ✌👌👍
  9. @logomaneye [1 likes]: Not much
Only all the hardware tools you can find 😂
  10. @mosranna [1 likes]: hi! if you were using the foam for a diorama meant for outside, how would you water/weatherproof it?
  11. @eetennak966 [1 likes]: As someone who already is in the hobby i love these videos to learn "something new", more like how other experienced builders setup their workbench/room, i would love to see a more in depth video :o esp since its 4 years old
  12. @chaselb331 [1 likes]: I have only one project in mind. I want to keep adding to it as life goes on. Which material do you recommend using as the base so it can withstand heavy weight and keep me going for years?
  13. @ljscalemodels526 [1 likes]: Great video CC - can you recommend a book for creating dips? Cheers Liam.
  14. @Inspire_andrew [1 likes]: Thank you 🙏🏾
  15. @proinnsiasoc [1 likes]: Found this while searching diorama basics. Nice, clear spoken video. Look forward to going through your other videos. Happy new year & Cheers ftom Ireland. Subscribed
  16. @kerry4987 [1 likes]: Thank you sooooo much! I look forward to watching more of your videos.
  17. @Meetthepatils [1 likes]: Thank you for this video! Very helpful :)
  18. @LillieRuby1816: Oh this was amazing!! I wanna make more room style miniatures instead of scenery, and this was still very helpful with the base tools to get started!! I’m still a little confused about the pliers, but that’s because pliers are a very confusing concept to me in general (there’s too many of them 😂)
  19. @tomkorolev2502: Не знала про стриппер.мучилась с хирургическим ножом. Остальное всё есть. кроме аэрографа.пока не знаю насколько он нужен.раскрашиваю кистью. Ещё можно к вспомогательным инструментам добавить универсальный резак и автомобильный пылесос.
  20. @obstakelfan363: Nice video, indeed right tool makes difference.calculator magnifying,holders and depending on project helpful 3d printed tools are very helpful,sculpting,painting,drybrush,waterpaint,all fit for certaiñ purpouse,soon buying foam Wirecutter wanna cut single elements for debris,thanks for sharing video,your'n setup looks good !

- How to Craft An Unforgettable Melody: Kind: captions Language: en by the end of this video you'll learn the three ingredients that make up great Melodies how to create a Melody from scratch and how to make sure your audience remembers it if you're new to the channel welcome I'm Zach Heidi I'm a composer and a content creator here on YouTube and I do weekly tips and resources for composers like you so first things first there's some basic principles of what makes a good Melody now Melodies can vary we can have really really short condensed motivic Melodies but we can also have really long expansive Melodies so the advice varies but there are three basic principles that you almost always follow the first one is called the whistle Factor the whistle Factor is making sure that you're staying within a reasonable range that could be whistled by somebody typically that range is about an octave and a half so if our melody was in C major we typically want to go no higher than this G or in some cases no lower than this F and if you think of any good Melody they almost always follow this principle if we take Somewhere Over the Rainbow [Music] right there's the lowest note so there is our range if we take Star Wars there's our range if we take Harry Potter right so there's our range so always staying within an octave and a half it's a really good principle it's going to make sure that it's singable the next princip principle is to use melodic and rhythmic motives together now if you don't know what a motive is or a motif it's a short musical cell just like we've got cells in our bodies music has cells it has little ideas the most classic example would be Beethoven in all the ways that that gets varied through the entire piece so this variety is what helps us recognize the cells of a piece of music in the same way you want to make sure your Melody actually has cells baked into it the cells can be melodic in other words pitch based but they could also be rhythmic and a really great example of This is Indiana Jones if you think of Indiana Jones we have both pitch motives but we also have a rhythmic motive bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum so you can see that we have identifiers for both aspects of that music that helps to make it memorable finally the third principle is to make sure you have some Rising Motion in your Melody if you were to draw out most Melodies you'd see this you'd see a rise it would hit its peak and then it would gently drop off you don't want the peak to happen halfway through because you've already kind of used up the excitement of your piece and are now just decaying so you want to build to that moment near the end and then just have a slight drop off a great example of this is John Williams ET theme watch and see how it rises through the duration of the melody so build and build and builds finally has a very slight Decay at the end with that although the next time it goes so there's even more build so quick recap keep your Melody to an octave and a half make sure you're using some motivic cells in your ideas and make sure you have a rising motion with that in mind let's talk about different ways you can approach creating a Melody because sometimes you get stuck and you don't know where to start but before I do that I want to give a shout out to the sponsor of today's video Spitfire audio they are running a spring sale which includes several bundles where you can save 50 to 60% off and some really good vsts in there like the olaer arnal series which they sent me the Eric Whitaker choir the firewood piano and more my favorite patch right now is the chamber grid from the Ola Arnold's chamber Evolution series I'm really into this I immediately added into my template you can play a note and there's all these like micro tunings but you can also go in and change with different effects so you could make it subtle you could add some Thrills and for a composer like me who just needs something really quick that has a really evocative sound this is a great fit if you're in the market be sure to check it out I've linked it in my description and it's running until May 4th now back to the video the first thing we could do is start off with a a very small idea small motive and use that as our building blocks for the melody so I'll give you an example let's say I want a little idea that goes like this okay so I'm going to want to follow my ear obviously but try and use this as the shape pay attention to the shape the intervals and the Rhythm so see have the second part I actually used the Rhythm from the first part and we have a rising motion now this isn't the end of the melody maybe I want even more rise so the second part goes so I'm building as I go so I changed it a little bit but you see the idea I'm working with these small melodic cells and rhythmic cells and building as I go that's a great way to write a melody it'll include you know needing to know a little bit of Harmony as well but that's the basic principle the next way you could write a melody is actually starting with a shape a very basic shape and embellishing it as we talked about you know most shapes are going to do this as the melody goes so we can work that shape and then sort of elaborate Now to create a shape in music I'm just going to play something and kind of play a gesture so I'm keeping it mostly to just chord tones but this is our shape you can see we kind of rise and then fall and then eyes back up again so what we could do now is actually start to embellish this and ornament it a little bit so instead of maybe maybe we go so it's the same shape but I'm embellishing I'm using my ear basically to lead me but I'm also using the shape to guide me one final way you could create a Melody from scratch is to start with a cool interval an interval that kind of inspires you lots of great Melodies start off with really noticeable intervals if we take some John Williams music yet again and we pay attention to some of those intervals in the beginning right we start off with this great interval or we also have so or we also have so instead of starting with a shape or a motivic idea we could use an interval as our gestation for the melody so let me start with an interval that inspires me maybe minor 7th so that might Inspire ideas so you can see I'm using that interval to lead the idea and the interval is really the motive now the final aspect and maybe one of the most important is how do you make sure your audience actually remembers your Melody you can't force them to memorize it but you can build elements into your music to make sure that it works and this is going to start to border on a little bit more abstract thinking of composition but for me this has always worked and so I have to recommend it to you all the strategy that I use other than the craft of what makes a good Melody is to misremember your Melody and adjust according let me show you what this looks like in action so let's say I'm writing a Melody so I've written this melody now here's what I want to do I want to walk away from this melody in fact I am going to walk away from this melody for 30 minutes and I'm going to come back and I'm going to try remember what I did so goodbye okay we're back now I don't remember the melody at all so I will have to listen for a second just to get an idea but I'm not going to pay too much attention to it so I'm just going to listen for a second and see okay now here's what I want to do I don't want to review the melody anymore I want to actually try and play it again the way I think it went and we'll notice what changes now let's compare what I did now to what I had originally and see if I was close now let's listen to the new one so I'm more partial to the new one and I think that's because what happens over time is as we get these ideas in our head you know we want our audience to memorize it right we want them to remember it well if we can't remember our own Melody how could we expect anybody else to remember so the idea is to sort of use your memory as a process of extracting what's memorable about your Melody and that takes time right you have to make sure you have space and time away from your Melody to make sure it really sticks so this is the way I like to work I like to misremember and adjust accordingly you might still make tweaks you're a crafts person so obviously you're going to go in and adjust things as you need to but memory is a wonderful tool to make sure your piece is memorable now the next part of this process which is not part of this video is I'm going to actually orchestrate this melody if you want to see that I have that available on my patreon which I hope you'll check out thank you again to all my patrons you are the ones that help me make this content so I appreciate it very much and if you found this video helpful and inspiring please do leave a like subscribe for more and be sure to check out my free composer newsletter which is linked in the description

  Top Comments:
  1. @ZachHeyde [4 likes]: If you're a channel member, click below for access to 30+ hours of bonus content:
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=UUMOrbQ3beYxKma2xdjBQEnaUQ
  2. @IsaacJustin-e4p [1 likes]: i think his clock's broken 9:32
  3. @archimes512 [1 likes]: An issue I have is that I feel so self-conscious composing the treble part that my gut wrenches from how cringe-sounding it comes out and I become ashamed for pirating my DAW and uninstall it until I want to write something again. How do you propose to work around this issue? I am a broke bosnian teenager who wants to write nationalistic turbo folk against Serbian people and cant afford FL studio
  4. @Rising_Heater: 5:23 They are taking the Hobbits to Eisengard
  5. @Piercing-the-Veil: Those two melodies are almost identical
  6. @erikjmusic1: full of shit, get good
  7. @jaster2622: Pls like this comment
  8. @TimOestmann: Excellent
  9. @ineedstuff8286: spitfires free piano is sick . I admit, it seems like it only round robins between 2 samples per note, but… the tone and warmth is next level inspiring. I could play ANY chord on the std “GM Piano” and be disgusted. While, literally EVERY chord is so inspiring on Spitfire. This lesson on melody was extremely helpful, thank you Zack. You are a fantastic musician my guy. Much love!
  10. @دليلالعبدفيكشفالهبد: Hi, any DAW suggestion for a completely virtual music production please ? using only a MIDI ? Thanks
  11. @adambana5857: I have been a musician for 40 years, and it's incredible that nowadays, people are emerging, claiming to be music composers with AI, but can't play anything nor know how to lay a track down.  Learn an instrument! It's an absolute joke if one thinks they can compose music by telling an AI programme what sounds to make! And spending time tweaking certain parts, as you can't find the musical vocabulary/terminology to get the point across...learn an instrument you lazy f*cks...its actually fun, and really full filing!
One last thing, there's a guy called Jason Becker, who was a stunning guitar player who got his world ripped aways from him after developing ALS - Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis. In short, his body slowly began to shut down, to the point where he is completely paralysed, he can only use his eyes.  So his dad put this system together, where Jason uses his eyes to   to work  with a pointers system which places music notation on a modified logic Pro system, to compose the parts for each instrument chosen for that particular composition.
Jason suggests that AI used as complete replacement for human creativity results in crap, lifeless noise.  Learn an instrument! It opens the music world up for you.
Because music is not music if it's not played or contains soul, nuance, dynamics and passion. 
But, you just think its a good thing, even though they are turning you into talentless lemmings.
Anyways, there's some musical terminology for you in what I Just wrote, should help you tell your computer what to do in your journey to becoming a composer of muzak.
But hey, enough of my yakin!
  12. @Inksploded: 10:15 the amount the one was better is wild
  13. @Thomsen-Sen: Its all gibberish to me😅
  14. @Brandon-vk1cm: so helpful and interesting video omg pure sugar thank you...
  15. @maybe0424: 1:08 range/ interval
1:34 motif 1:46  2:14
2:42 整體的形狀 shape 
4:28 創造一個旋律
  16. @RooftopKoreansMusic: WTF, change your VOICE
  17. @soulscape5083: very off topic but what's the piano library here?
  18. @airacristina2693: 5:30
  19. @eyetalic: This melody came out nice.
  20. @allthingsananias: Yo this is a great video I’m subscribing

- You Need To Watch THIS Before You Start Valheim! - 15 Steps To Starting Your World (2023): Kind: captions Language: en after you watch this video you'll know how to get started in valheim how to kill the first boss and you'll be on your way to the Bronze Age I'll be showing you how to get all of this done in 15 easy steps and it'll take you about one to two hours depending on your lot so that you can get past the first stage of the game nice and easily and move on to the more interesting stuff in velheim especially if you're coming back and you're trying to get to the misslands as soon as possible let's get into my 15 steps to starting your valheim world Step 1 spawn in congrats you did it starting is the hardest part of anything step two you want to gather up six Stone and 14 wood to craft the basic items you can get stoned by pressing e on these loose rocks and you can get wood by pressing e on these loose branches to craft them you're gonna need to press Tab and select the X and then press craft once that's done you'll do the same with the club and the hammer if you want to rearrange the order they are in your home bar you just click and drag them step three find some food around the starting spawn area you should find some raspberries which look like this and some mushrooms which look like this press e on them to collect them too you can eat them by pressing right click on them on your inventory and if you hover over them you can see precisely what's that boosts the item gives there's a little tip for the rest of the game if a food item has a red fork next to it it means it gives you more Health than stamina if a food item has a yellow Fork next to it it means that it gives you more stamina than health and if an item has a gray Fork it will give you equal stamina and health in valheim you can only eat three unique food items at a time which means that finding the best combinations to go together to give you as much health and stamina as you can have at any one moment is a very important part of the game you don't actually need to eat to survive you will never starve to death in valheim but you will need to eat if you want to increase your health and stamina now right now all you need to worry about is just eat your mushrooms and berries to give you a nice stamina boost to make the next steps a little bit more bearable step 4 press e on the runestone at spawn this will show you where the first boss is the first boss is called egg tier you can open the map with the m key now then for step 5 you're going to want to take your stone ax and gather up a stack of 50 wood you can either cut down trees which is dangerous because they'll one shot you if they fall on you at this stage or you can save yourself some time and danger by just chopping down the small trees you can probably one or two shot them at this stage and you'll get about two wood from each of them it won't take long just gather up these basic building materials for step six which is building your workbench you want to select your hammer on your hot bar right click and select the workbench a workbench will cost you 10 wood now you can't build right next to spawn so you'll want to move a little bit away from it until the radius of the workbench turns white you'll need the workbench if you want to build repair or destroy any blocks by the way except for the campfire which can be built anywhere you can use the mouse wheel to rotate it you need it to be in a different angle from what it starts in and then use left click to place it you can't quite use it yet though workstations and valheim need a roof to work and this one also needs 70 cover from the environment which is actually fairly easy to do with a workbench you want to open up the build menu again grab the wooden walls and place one on each side and two at the back select the 45 degree wall Place one on each side pick the 45 degree thatch roof and place two between the walls there you should be able to use your workbench now if you can just add in some more of those walls and maybe some more roof pieces usually this is enough to use your workbench now at the workbench you can craft new items as well as repair your current tools weapons and armor by pressing this button repeatedly you want to work Revenge so that you can make a bow and arrows which we're going to use to hunt deer and kill the boss well you're here build yourself a chest to store some of your loose items like Stone adored dandelions step 7 mass murder you'll need eight leather scraps to make a boat one bore will drop one leather scrap so go out and kill a boar your wooden Club will handle this perfectly well what you want to do is just run around The Meadows biome and keep an eye out for them they're the little black blobs they should be pretty easy to see just keep an ear out for any pegiological noises if you run into a bore Rune Stone you're quite lucky there it'll have several boards that are just free for the taking and just kill those boars that spawn there boars that spawn there will not respawn by the way if you happen to find any one star or two star boars I'd recommend actually trying to leave them alive and marking where you found them on the map by selecting a marker and clicking it where you want it to go these are very good later on if you want to farm the boards because higher level borers give more leather and more meat and they'll pass on their stars to their offspring and yes you can aim and farm bores in this game but I'm not gonna get into that in this video now while you're out killing Piggies keep an eye out for next next give you neck Tails which you can cook which will give you a decent little Health boost also you'll want to gather more mushrooms and berries while you're searching for these bores if you come across a water source you can gather Flint lint spawns on the edges of rivers and shorelines and is used to unlock some more recipes they aren't needed for this guide so you can ignore it for now if you'd like or if you want to extend this out a little bit and make yourself some Flint tools you can do that but it's not needed right now make sure you stay in The Meadows biome if you see the pop-up of another biome yeah over there you are not ready for there yet it doesn't matter what biome it is get out of it stay in The Meadows step 8 is to cook some of your food once you have your eight leather scraps you want to head back to your workbench it's probably night time by now so build yourself a campfire and since you have a campfire anyway you want to build a couple of cooking stations above your campfire press e on the station and that will take the meat out of your inventory and start cooking it listen for that first Sizzle and watch for any color changes that means it is done you can press e to take that piece of meat back off the cooking station if you hear a second Sizzle that means you've burned the food which means you've now got some coal slightly annoying but it is useful later on you'll want to cook up your boar meat and your neck meat and store the boar meat away for your boss fight you don't need the health boost of the poor meat right now because the Meadows are extremely safe before you kill the first boss because the only enemy that spawns is graylings so for now you can comfortably live with mushrooms berries and neck meat and then while your meat Cooks You're Gonna Want to gather up a stack of wood for step nine step nine is get ready to hunt you're going to want to go to your workbench and craft a crude ball and then craft yourself a 100 hour Euros are crafted in Badges of 20 so you want to craft five conveniently 50 would will get you a bow and 100 arrows how neat using your bow is fairly simple you want to hold the primary attack button until the white circle reaches its tightest point or as tight as you need it to be to hit your specific Target and then let go aim above your target if they're far away it's a boat you probably know how it works it costs stamina to draw it so try not to hold on to it for too long step 10 the hunt begins you need to go out and kill a bunch of deer each deer you kill will give you some meat and deer hide and it has a 50 chance to drop you a deer trophy the deer trophies are what we need right now we need two of them to summon the first boss so go out into the meadows and kill as many deer with your bow as it takes you'll need to kill at least two deer but it could take a lot more because the trophy is Chance based deer are quite skittish so try to kill them from far away with your bow before they see you you can find deer very easily by listening out for their calls [Music] make sure to grab dear meat and high too because it is extremely useful Step 11 final Supply checks you're going to want to take your dear mate back to the campfire and cook some of it it is a very good early game Health item to combine with your Bora meat to get a very good health boost for the first boss if you're low on arrows let's say less than 50 craft some more you should only need 20 or 30 arrows to kill the boss but just to be safe bring it at least half a stack keep in mind that the game does get more difficult if there's more players and that includes bosses so you're gonna need more arrows total to kill it with more players but when Narrows are extremely cheap and it is not hard to get a lot of them wrap your arrows your board meet your dear me and some raspberries or honey if you happen to have found any and make sure your weapons and armor are all repaired and head over to that marker that you got from the runestone earlier step 12 prepare for the boss fight near the altar you're going to want to build yourself a campfire and press X to sit down at it you'll want to wait for about 20 seconds and you'll get a rested bonus so massively boost your health and stamina regen as well as give you a skill XP game if it's nighttime or raining you're going to want to wait until morning because being wet gives you a stamina and health penalty and being cold that gives you an even bigger health and stamina penalty so you'll want to put all the odds in your favor by waiting until morning and for the storm to pass before you fight the boss especially since eight tier is a lightning-based enemy and being wet actually makes you weaker to lightning you may also need to wait for your food bar to let you eat again if you've eaten the wrong things recently when items start flashing that means you can replace them and you're going to want to replace them with a raspberry or if you found some honey use that for a stamina boost and then eat bore meat and deer meat to maximize your health when it's a clear sunny day you've eaten your feast and you've had some rest it's time to take your two deer trophies over to the altar fill them into your hot bar and press that key while looking at the altar to summon the boss Step 13 kill a tier eight tier is a very easy boss compared to the rest he has three attacks head but that does when he's close to you a lightning bolt that he does when he's far away and an area of effect stomp avoiding the head butt is relatively easy just stay away from him he spends a lot of time running around the area Kendra's just trying to turn to get to you keeping away from him is quite easy if you see him running straight for you then it's a good idea to use the arena or trees so that he can't connect the attack this point he may also try to use the stomp which might damage you through structures so you may want to Sprint away from him when you see that big signal the last attack is the hardest to dodge and probably the most dangerous the lightning bolt if you see him doing attack signal well he's far away he's trying to shoot you it's a good idea to just run wide away from him because the lightning will come from the direction of his antlers you can press block and space at the same time to perform a Dodge which will make you briefly immune if you time it right but getting that right is a new player can be very very difficult so if you're a new player spread out the way it's a lot easier for your offense you're mostly gonna keep running away away from him when you get a good bit away from him that fire a fully loaded shot into him and just make sure you try and get your stamina above 50 so that if he does do a random wild Sprint to go for a melee attack you can Sprint out of the way there's no prizes for killing him faster so play it smart and conserve your stamina in the fight after like 20 successful shots he will go down if you're on single player if you're in multiplayer it'll take more shots but it should be just as easy step 14 collect your reward egg tier will give you three hard antlers and one trophy these are both very helpful so don't forget about them and then step 15 is acquire the real reward if you take the head back to the starting area and hang it from the deer Stone you can select the power every boss in the game will give you a power after killing them and eight tears will let you jump and run for sixty percent less stamina now the ability is activated once you have it selected by pressing F it'll give you the buff for five minutes and you won't be able to use it again for another 20 minutes so use it wisely the powers are actually applied to all nearby players but they don't stack so if you have four players you can keep a power going constantly having one player give the power and then when it runs out you have another player activate it and so on in a loop the other reward you get from this is the ability to craft an antler pickaxe the antler pickaxe will let you remodel terrain and break stones but more importantly it'll let you gather copper intent from the black forest biome which is where you're going next and where the next boss is now before you go mining anything you're going to want to make sure you go into some burial Crypts and gather certain cores which are used to craft Kilns and smelters you're gonna need one of each of those if you want to actually turn that ore into metal that you can use to craft also at this stage it's probably time to build an actual house somewhere relatively near the Black Forest but not inside it preferably along the shoreline because sailing does become important later on but not as far as I want to take this guide I don't want it to be an hour long should have a bow a dead boss a superpower and a pickaxe you're ready to start really playing valheim now cause guess what that last couple of hours for you that was just a tutorial things start getting serious now if you want some more valheim content to enjoy why not check out my seven things I wish I knew when starting out in valheim video thank you to my channel members and patrons for making this video possible and thank you so much for watching and I'll see you in the next video

  Top Comments:
  1. @kakain_dealer [6 likes]: Me when my first boss spawns in the middle of the dark forest and 10 kilometeres away
  2. @chadvader974 [4 likes]: First boss is very susceptible to fire arrows.  They chunk his health a lot more than regular ones.
  3. @defconone1498 [1 likes]: Just started the game.  I'm lost!  I've watched other "beginner" tutorials and they just leave me more confused.  Your video is the best I have found to get me started.  Thank you!!
  4. @vaynearior [1 likes]: Thanks for the vid. I started valheim just now and was super lost. I heard the game has raids or something so I was constantly paranoid that my small, beginner house is gonna get wrecked sooner or later, but knowing that the goblins are the only danger in the meadows calmed me down a bit :D
  5. @ChesterL-yl1de: @3:25 the moment many uninstalled and walked away forever.
  6. @evanmcshannock: Only got a gaming PC recently wanted to get back into gaming outside of a PS5 did not know the direction of this game really seen a few guides on Valhiem but this is by far the best one yet and he's Scottish best video yet for any Valhiem new starts like myself !
  7. @odomwillie3: Nice video this helped me I found a lil cabin so I just put the work bench in there.
  8. @deckard181: Just started Valheim and this was really useful, thanks.
  9. @lizardreview: I realized I am actually way over prepared for this boss, Ive been playing for like 4 days and did nothing to further the boss arena because I was worried. I ran into the black forest and saw things in there that made me run back but i built a whole 2 story house just outside of it, made beehives, collected enough to make leather armor and got my crude bow up to level 3. I will stop being a wuss and fight this lightning deer.
  10. @kronthorson2665: One third of the way into your guide and you havent mentioned building a campfire and getting the Rested buff once.  +100% stamina regeneration and + 50 % health regin is too important to sit on.

Also look for the shore and collect flint.  You need a lot for the Flint knife, the flint spear which is an excellent early game weapon, and you need flint for the chopping blo k upgrade to your workbench
  11. @nocti6232: I always like to make a Flint Dagger and upgrade it once then just sprint run deer down with as many stamina food buffs as possible. Raspberries, Mushrooms and hopefully if you've found it....Honey. Once you kill Eikthyr it becomes even easier with his run buff. If you avoid the bow and raft for awhile to save up 20 boar scraps you can build the 3rd upgrade station and upgrade your Flint Dagger once more and then you're really strong.
  12. @freedomlover3323: Would've helped to know my bow would wear out before I even got his health to 75%
  13. @johnlombardo7816: Thanks.. couldnt understand how to start building.. right dpad for me on xbox once equipped hammer.. sheeesh 😂😂 edit - hammer, then B to build menu
  14. @Ugly_Docling1: bro forgot to teach us how to walk forward
  15. @SpartanJega: The best tip is that its the perfect survival game for the steam deck
  16. @pthrelkeld090: I dont understand how to start a fire...
  17. @markophoenix1991: Nah, I`m a dark souls player, so I know everything about rolling around bosses))
  18. @Dustee2515: Love this, been playing for far longer than id like to mention and only just got iron, glad to see people helping.
  19. @squaresunmusic: Glè mhath, tapadh leat!
  20. @Abcdefbdawg22: finally picked it up on steam. thanks for this !

- Icarus Beginner Guide: Day 1 Tips and How to Get Started!: Kind: captions Language: en hey guys i am game advisor and today we're going to be talking about how to get started in icarus this will cover everything you need to know in order to get the ball rolling if you're playing icarus for the first time or if it's one of your first times playing either way let's go ahead and get started now when you boot up icars for the first time you're gonna go ahead and just jump right on into that mission after you finish character creation character creation doesn't really have a lot to it so it shouldn't take you too long to get through that now once you are in the game the first thing you need to know is that you do not want to waste time just wandering around and doing nothing you should be focusing on finishing your mission as quickly as possible unlike other survival games everything you have on the planet will not be taken with you which we'll cover here in just a second now aside from that you're going to want to go ahead and turn your graphics down usually in most people's case i run on a 27d super and i was struggling quite a bit to run this game most people tend to be having problems right now this may change in the future but in its current state i definitely would recommend going ahead and turning the graphics down to usually medium or high or even lower if you're on a crummier pc that's not from this century so that you're able to play the game with a decent frame rate now once you are in the world and you are doing your mission and all those other things you're going to want to go ahead and look for oxidize oxidize is going to be how you get oxygen in this game it looks like a blue rock and it can either be picked up on the ground with your hands in about one or two pieces or you can find a blue little boulder i believe there's one in the center of the lake that you spawn next to on your very first mission and you can go ahead and mine that with a pick now once you have the oxidite you'll have two options to get oxygen out of it one you can put it on your hotbar and just left-click and you'll get oxygen at a very small rate to the amount of ore you mined or you can put it in an oxidizer which will slowly fill up a balloon that will give you much more oxygen per oxidize spent so one is really good for when you're on the go and the other is really good for when you kind of have like your little base set up or you need to hide and shelter during a storm now next is that food has different buffs in this game you get a different buff for eating raw food you get a different buff for eating cooked food you get a different buff for eating vegetables versus meat and many other different things for an example if you eat a cooked carrot which can be found in the starting area those will give you a increased maximum stamina buff i believe it's a plus 75 in the game's current state of course this is all subject to change as the game is still being worked on whereas if you eat meat you're gonna get an increased hp buff and hp regen buff there really doesn't seem to be a way to instantly heal yourself at least not early on in the game it might take you a few levels to get to the point where you can do that kind of thing but early on you're just going to want to look for hp regen in that food because there's really not any other options for it stamina is also a great thing to have as it's gonna help you out in getting your resources and running around much quicker now if you do make it to your first night whether it's on your first second or any mission thereafter it's worth noting that you can sleep through the night in the game the knights can be rather dark and hard to see of course you could just turn up your monitor's brightness but that kinda ruins the whole immersion and even then there still seems to be more wolves out i could be wrong on that one so don't quote me but in my experience i've noticed that there seems to be significantly more wolves than enemies that are trying to take me out during the night time in order to deal with that just like minecraft style you can go ahead and put a bedroll down you're gonna need to have a campfire next to it as well be careful not to light your house on fire by the way and then go ahead and make sure you sleep in it and set your spawn point to it and you should be able to skip through to the morning of the next day if you didn't know you can also see the time of day in the top right corner of your screen now last but not least there is one last thing you need to know and that is that you're basically just not going to keep anything in the beginning of the game when you're leaving a planet there is really no reason to go ahead and save up or get a whole bunch of things ready to take with you because none of it's coming with you anyways at the end of the day all you really care about is getting as much xp as possible by crafting as many things as you can and then getting on your ship and finishing that mission to get the currency that you'll be able to spend to unlock better things later on that's a whole nother part of this game which we'll talk about in a later video but just keep in mind anything that you crafted on the planet is not coming with you and well that's about all i have for you guys today i hope you found some of this informational maybe you enjoyed it if you want to see more icarus content please subscribe to our channel we put out tons of survival game content all the time and let us know if there's things that we missed that you think players that are just getting started need to know once again i am game advisor thank you so much for watching this video and i'll see you next time you

  Top Comments:
  1. @DragonXDrei [35 likes]: I love it how he talks about immersion, you mean the one where you land in a ship but cannot use it to stay in it the first night or survive the first storm, or how a planet rich in plants water and animals has no Oxygen, you gotta eat stones to breath?
  2. @-Free.Spirit- [28 likes]: Other than how to get oxygen, this did NOT help. Like how do I make a shelter which is the FIRST obstacle because a storm keeps coming where I need to shelter
  3. @Thomas-qr3fl [2 likes]: quickly to the point. thank you
  4. @12vNova [2 likes]: I’ll have the gabagool! Ya know, the GA Bagool! 😅
  5. @Edcognito [1 likes]: Build floor, build walls, build roof, 1 roof piece falls off....   no explanations, no explanation of the crafting system, no clues about which resources to prioritize,  hiding all the mechanics does not make the devs / producers edgy.   This has actually been one of the most frustrating starts of a crafting game I've ever done, just frustrating as *F*.
  6. @MrXyntec [1 likes]: doesn't tell much how to get started if you're already running around with an axe, just picking up stuff and getting killed by a wolf with no clue what to do, pretty lame...
  7. @Lastlight-k2d [1 likes]: Would be much better if you explained the urgency of hunting to get fur and leather for a bedroll as well as which weapons and reaching level enough to craft shelter on first day etc. These general guides are not very helpful.
  8. @fizznz4308 [1 likes]: What a WASTE OF TIIME....WTF dude this isnt Tips to get started
  9. @nawhite108 [1 likes]: worst beginners guide ever, how do you get points for my tech tree or my talent tree, how do you build a camp fire or bed roll or structure
  10. @NathalyM-zn2jg: Thank you
  11. @ScottS-57: I have an Asus 3060 I play in 4k game looks great!   Sorry but don't waste time with this video didnt teach hardly  anything....
  12. @ChrisZeis: day 1 you have nothing but your fist so thats not a good video about how to get started
  13. @MzzQuinzel: I thought you were going to give details like How to make tools and what mateirals you'll need How to find water, and other important things... LOL
  14. @essa3203: Worse game ever played in my life why the hell i start game with no tutorial
  15. @justinkimberlyrowley4465: not going to lie, this game sounds like soul siphon simulator. i hope theres a buff that kills you because crafting a bunch of shit just to leave it behind is the worlds stupidest game mechanic.
  16. @caylenstephens9618: Thank you very much for this video, really helped me and my boy out
  17. @HustlinHugh: Im on a gigabyte 4070 gaming, and it takes this game like a champ on all epic settings, not even a studder :) just to let folks know, this is the level of card you want nowadays for gaming.
  18. @plopperator: Go ahead and what?
  19. @Dana-hd9bq: Did you ask if this video was informational?!
  20. @anxiouscolonist9124: You lost me when you kept saying oxidite....

- Genius YouTube Advice for 15 Minutes Straight...: Kind: captions Language: en here's some amazing YouTube advice from 10 very successful YouTubers let's get into number one any of you listening if if you especially if you have zero videos on your channel your first video is not going to give views period it's not your first 10 are not gonna give views I can very confidently say that so stop sitting there and thinking for months and months on end and just get to work and start uploading like all you need to do is this applies to people that have not uploaded videos but have dreams of being a YouTuber is make 100 videos and improve something every time do that and then on your 100 first video we'll start talking like maybe you can get some views but you know your first hundred okay there are very free cases like Liza koshy or Emma Chamberlain who have really good personalities and it doesn't take them so as many videos and it's just like people who are seven foot five and making the NBA like yes there are free cases you can find but for the average person like us you know who don't have these exceptional personalities and you know backgrounds in filmmaking just make 100 videos improve something each time and then talk to me on your 101st video well do you prove something is times tricky one how do you improve something each time the second one just I don't know put more effort into the script the third one try to learn a new editing trick the fourth one try to figure out a way that you can have better inflections in your voice the fifth one try to you know study a new thumbnail tip and implement it the sixth one try to figure out a new title there's infinite ways that's the beauty of content creation online there's literally infinite ways from the coloring to the frame rate to the editing to the filming to the production to the jokes to the pacing to every little thing can be improved and they can never not be improved there's no there's literally no such thing as a perfect video don't really worry about what your Niche is like people get hung up on this like I don't know what to make videos about it would be like a writer saying I don't know what to write about therefore I'm not going to write or like an artist saying I don't know what my masterpiece is going to be therefore I'm not going to hold a paintbrush it's totally okay for your Niche to emerge over time yes you can take a very calculating route and plot it out in advance and be like okay this is my path or you can do what I recommend which is just start making videos on YouTube about whatever you enjoy whatever you want if I was starting on YouTube I wouldn't really worry about the niche thing I just think you know what let me make videos about the things that I enjoy maybe some close-up magic because I'm not a total loser maybe like iPhones maybe like you know my favorite pen maybe like you know tips are getting started on YouTube maybe Life as a medical student maybe like whatever experiences in my life that I enjoy talking about and that I think I could teach on the internet that is the stuff I would start making videos about and over time as you start making videos about things that you enjoy the audience starts to resonate with some of those things and so your Niche ends up emerging over time I never thought I would be a productivity YouTuber but I seem to have become a productivity YouTuber because that Niche just sort of emerged over time it was not forward planned in advance and so if you've got a lot of interest if you've got a lot of things you're interested in or even if you don't know what to talk about on YouTube just start making stuff and you will figure it out don't be one of those writers who says I don't know what my bestseller book is going to be about therefore I'm not going to write a single word it's the same with YouTube who cares if you don't know what your Niche is your Niche can your Niche will change over time I started off making videos for medical school applicants I now no longer care about medical school applicants in terms of making video is and therefore it's it just sort of changes over time so don't worry about it don't overthink it just make the videos that you enjoy at start the wrongest call to action is to watch another video because now all of a sudden your channel went from like say eight minutes of watch time to 16 minutes of watch time if they watch another one and it shows that this person is in your little Watch Web it also gives you another ad impression like that is the metric that YouTube cares about sure you could ask them to comment you can ask them to like that's totally fine but watching another video exposes them to more of your content and shows YouTube I am a channel that keeps people on this platform for 16 minutes rather than just eight minutes yep that's incredibly well and for everyone listening to call to actions it sounds like one in the first third that may be the like you don't want to ask me to watch another video and leave your correct charm one yes an outro just to clarify is watch another correct yes as opposed to decision fatigue up like watch comment pick that subscribe yeah people don't do any of those it's it's a meaningless call to action Patty Galloway was talking about the ideas of your video and then he's also talking about the titles when it comes to ideas and this is something we do I just don't think we've talked about it enough no for sure he said to think of 100 ideas bring it down to the top 10 and then choose one he goes I can't believe when people think of one video idea and they just go and make it keep in mind these were like Mr Beast he's working with people who require a like killer video idea the point is ideas matter so much on YouTube start with volume and then work your way in the best ones you know transitioning from a video idea to actually landing on a title when Patty was talking about titles it's just crazy how just the reframing of the right title will cause so much interest and his word was curiosity he gave a really cool example he was working with a client in the first variation of the title was inside a 1.7 million dollar New York Loft they didn't really love it and it wasn't there was nothing really interesting about it except the money value but there's probably more expensive ones or whatever right so then they they change it to I found the best loss left in New York and they liked it better they thought it improved and then they added one more thing to it which was I found the best Loft in NYC dot dot dot but nobody wants it and they were like that's the title they opened up this curiosity Loop if it's the best Loft in New York City why does nobody want it how can you breed curiosity into that because naturally you want to click on something that Sparks curiosity you want to know the answer and so you want to click on that video on that note of like deciding what videos to make how much are you good how much does it play on your mind of oh I know if I make this sort of video it'll get this this many views versus more like I feel like making this video because I feel like it and sort of that to me that's always felt like a bit of a spectrum of like doing things because I feel like it versus doing things because I know they'll perform well um how how do you think about sort of videos along along that Spectrum yeah so I think this is super lucky that the videos that I know will do well are the most interesting to me also because they're about probably a piece of tech that is so cool that I want to check it out anyway right so on one half it's like what videos will do well it's uh the the hottest gadgets the most impressive new things that people haven't seen before uh collaborations with really cool interesting people those I I know before we make them are like oh those are going to do pretty well and then on the other half is what do I want to do and sometimes it's well I want to check out this gadget this seems pretty cool well I kind of want to talk to this person they seem really interesting to talk to and suddenly like they're like meshing together and it's kind of the same pool of things so often um again it's like I don't have that much pressure to to like I don't really I'm not interested I'm not into this video but I'm gonna do it anyway because I know what it'll get a lot of views that doesn't happen too often for me because if I know it's going to get a lot of views why is that going to get a lot of views because it's a really interesting piece of tech oh okay so I'm in and has that always been your attitude or was that a thing that changed over time I think that's something I figured out over time I know that there are videos that I make that aren't going to blow up like the ones that are the most popular gadgets but I still want to share them because I still think they're cool and I think if I can make the video in a way that actually shows why I'm so interested in it then it will eventually be interesting to people and we'll catch on so I think that's something I sort of learned probably in the second half of making videos which is that yeah we can we can sort of justify pretty much any video we want to make hey I'd like to take a moment to talk about the sponsor of this video podcast whether you want to do a solo podcast or have all of your friends on podcast allows you to have up to 10 remote guests at a time one of the coolest Parts about this is that each person is going to be recorded locally on separate tracks and it's really easy for bringing guests on because they don't even need a podcast or account you just need to send them their link and then they can come onto your Show podcast even has a mobile app which makes it really easy for recording and exporting your content on the go they truly make it as simple as possible to produce your podcast thank you so much podcast though for sponsoring this video is there ever a point where it's like there's too much content I can't watch at all I think so and that's why sometimes you don't create even more content is not necessarily a bad thing because somebody might skip a day and if they watch your video today and they didn't watch yesterday they'll be like oh I go back she had one yesterday so let me go back and watch that I mean I think it's really just about like focusing on what your audience is sometimes you might not know what your audience is but just listen to them I mean I'm very quickly able to tell if somebody likes a video or they don't like a video in the comments but I think the most painful comments is if the ones where people are like man you know I usually really like your videos but this one wasn't my favorite I'm like oh shoot bird will you ever delete the videos no I mean I've definitely set some to private um mostly because it was just like announcement videos it's like you don't want it up there yeah it's like hey it comes over yeah come meet me here well that was like a week ago right okay even small YouTube channels can lead to Big opportunities one of the things that people make a mistake of is they're too focused on vanity metrics and so we think and we have mistakenly defined success on YouTube as you got to get a silver play button you got to get a gold play button it's about getting as mil as many views as possible and I believe that's a flawed definition of success views or subscribers are not the only metrics for Success one of the underappreciated benefits of starting a YouTube channel is the connections and communities that you build with your audience YouTube allows you to build an a loyal and engaged following which can lead to opportunities for monetization other forms of income collaborations and even career opportunities so the mistake people are making is they're like is it too late to start a YouTube channel it's like what do you even mean like is it too late to start a viral YouTube channel why do you even need to go viral what if you have a different business model what if you get a promotion at your job what if it leads to that next connection or that next partner whatever leads to your future spouse like there's a lot of opportunities that could come from starting a YouTube channel and so you know I just want to present you the data that possibly defining it just by subscribers or vanity metrics is a limited if not completely flawed definition of success and speaking of starting a new channel or if your channel is small if you haven't heard we actually are doing a five-day free YouTube challenge and so if you go to tube1kchallenge.com for the new year if you're interested in saying Sean I do see the opportunity on YouTube I would like to learn some of the best tips and strategies you can go to tube number 1K the letter K challenge.com right now if you want to jump start your views right now and maybe you're not getting the momentum or the growth that you want is jump on Trends within your Niche can you talk about how that completely changed everything to you and what your thoughts are when it comes to people jumping on Trends and what are your tips yeah I think doesn't he call that a trend hacking yeah for sure yeah that's everything right now that's what Mr Beast and from the biggest to the smallest that is one of the best ways to Garner views and the audience and uh following the subscribers and sessions so um for me it's kind of funny I know if I have a gadget a tech product that is maybe about to be released if I get maybe a pre-release review unit then it's almost like four certain okay well people are going to be searching about it and talking about it right on that release date and so that video will do well now of course um you don't always get that product early that's very that's very hard especially when you're first starting out so maybe if that product just releases and I can maybe go buy it and then quick in a couple days turn around the video that will often do well another thing is a scene that wave or that Trend uh the virality of something before it hits I was on that wave right before it started to take off and that's why I think um I made it just a well condensed little review of video on hoverboards and uh and then YouTube really liked it it's like okay this is the authority on hoverboards and so when all these millions of people are searching for hoverboards and how to buy one and stuff like that I was the one that they promoted and so uh there's a lot of it's easier said than done but trying to stay ahead of the curve on what that next trend is going to be and then uh riding that wave and then you gotta remember that that wave will finish it'll crash down and then you gotta paddle back out and then find the next one nothing uh survives forever so I see a lot of people even myself hoverboards they were hot for a little while and then they faded away and it's like okay if I only did hoverboard reviews my channel would be dead but I had to Pivot and I like all things Tech anyway so that was kind of a natural fit but uh but yet always looking for that next wave is really key so what's the secret to creating a good short a lot of b-rolls everything that I stayed I have a b-roll like and then the doctor came in with this interesting device and I showed the device so every phrase has to be supported by footage that shows what's going on and the more relevant the footage is the better it is for the video they have to be as relevant as possible because sometimes we go to Shutterstock I like we're talking about oh a lot of students in the US and then we have these faces that we've seen everywhere like plastic acting you know I don't know they'll like you see they're not relatable because they're actors and the production quality is amazing but this is not what works for shorts something that's raw something that is filmed with an iPhone maybe worse quality this is what people are looking for in that type of content we experimented a lot with repurposed videos from YouTube you can just tell that this video was not made for shorts and you're like why should I bother if the Creator didn't bother creating a short specific video and we noticed that once I switched to creating content specifically for short videos that the traction has been tremendous there's such a tendency especially in a world where able to count your views in real time that if it doesn't work today it's never going to work and you know like I talked to Jimmy Mr Beast about this a lot like I spent whatever seven years making videos before he had one that broke a thousand views or something extraordinary like that and now he's doing a billion views a month um or my brother van who's the most brilliant mind on all of YouTube and you know van had this initial explosion of interest because he and I worked so hard to promote his first you know his first videos and then I explained to him I was like look it's all going to go away you're going to find your Baseline then you're gonna build from there and he's been consistently uploading for a year making the best work he can make and now he's really building out what is going to be a successful long-term career making videos and putting them on the Internet yeah it's extremely unsexy it's extremely uninteresting and no one wants to hear that it takes time but it takes time and I think if uh it's something that especially if you're young and just getting into this you don't want to invest but patience is really the most undervalued um aspect of succeeding in the world of media today you have all the agency in the world you don't need anything from anyone but if you're not willing to commit the time to it you're never going to find that success 100 if you want to learn how to grow a YouTube channel this year then click on the screen and watch this video and I'll see you guys in the next one

  Top Comments:
  1. @ThinkMediaTV [31 likes]: 🔥 Get Your First 1K Subs & Earn Your First $1K on YouTube with this FREE Challenge here! 👉  https://geni.us/zBYxN
  2. @Daniel_art-i9h [1 likes]: I will never give up
  3. @KishTalksCredit [1 likes]: This video is gold, thank you!
  4. @sumotriangle [1 likes]: Best advice compilations
  5. @makiomototv [1 likes]: Everyone who is reading this comment, I hope your channel grows this year and you get monetized. This video motivated me to start a youtube channel!
  6. @rhyme_asmr [1 likes]: 100likes, and I'll ask my friend go to date😢
  7. @GenXStuff: Yep, stuck, brand new.... and needed to see and hear all of this.  Thank you for the time you took to make this video for me. Needed it.
  8. @ABC_Beats-d8s: Thanks for the advice, I'm getting motivated over this.
  9. @BrookeYt-u3t: All small creators gather here
  10. @AshikAli-md2ci: how to improve memory and focus
  11. @TheHealingHand22: Thanks for sharing!!!
  12. @中村美桜-u7v: My confusion just rage quit.
  13. @EnglishUnlocked-l5n: I only have a few subscribers 😢
  14. @EnglishUnlocked-l5n: I only have a few subscribers 😢
  15. @Joe_AmazingSlots: Just started my YouTube channel. I am going to post until my dreams come true.
  16. @teegaming121: THE GRIND DONT STOP!!!
  17. @josephinesuji5900: That is exactly what I am doing. I am now on the 380th video and still hoping. They are however mostly very short videos
  18. @Trading4Newbies: Alot of knowledge 💯 👌
  19. @ClassicComedyRewind: As a new channel this video helped me.  Thank you.
  20. @Verde_Vlogs: My goal is to reach 100k subscribers and this video truly helps.

- Tell Me About Yourself | Best Answer (from former CEO): Kind: captions Language: en okay everyone so tell me about yourself the&nbsp; most common job interview question of all&nbsp;&nbsp; time usually the thing that they ask you first as&nbsp; an icebreaker when you first sit down at your job&nbsp;&nbsp; interview now there are a million ways to answer&nbsp; this open-ended question and there's also about&nbsp;&nbsp; a million YouTube videos out there giving you&nbsp; various ways to answer it but today I'm gonna&nbsp;&nbsp; give you the quickest simplest best way I've&nbsp; seen to answer this question okay let's look&nbsp;&nbsp; at this thing from the other side of the fence&nbsp; let's look at it from the perspective of the&nbsp;&nbsp; recruiter or hiring manager usually when you&nbsp; post the position you get a lot of responses&nbsp;&nbsp; and you may well end up with especially these&nbsp; days with over a hundred candidates applying&nbsp;&nbsp; for the position so for you this is an elimination&nbsp; game your job is to go from a hundred applications&nbsp;&nbsp; down to one candidate that you select now from&nbsp; the perspective of the job seeker who is being&nbsp;&nbsp; interviewed you don't know the criteria they&nbsp; use to eliminate people oh sure there's posted&nbsp;&nbsp; requirements for the position but the problem&nbsp; is more than one person may meet all posts and&nbsp;&nbsp; requirements so there's often a hidden criteria&nbsp; that they don't tell you of what will get you&nbsp;&nbsp; eliminated or hired for example something I've&nbsp; seen in the past is a hiring manager who's a fan&nbsp;&nbsp; of a particular sports team and if you happen&nbsp; to volunteer that you're a fan of the opposing&nbsp;&nbsp; sports team that may be grounds to eliminate&nbsp; you on the fact that you might not be a good&nbsp;&nbsp; fit and this does happen now we're gonna make&nbsp; one assumption here and that is that they've&nbsp;&nbsp; actually read your resume if you apply for&nbsp; a position and you send in your resume and&nbsp;&nbsp; then they later receive it and then call you in&nbsp; for an interview usually that means that they've&nbsp;&nbsp; read your resume not always I have seen cases&nbsp; where that hasn't actually occurred but in the&nbsp;&nbsp; vast majority of cases we can assume this to be&nbsp; true so what does this mean this means that the&nbsp;&nbsp; content on your resume is safe everything you've&nbsp; written on there did not result in you getting&nbsp;&nbsp; eliminated so it's safe content to use and we're&nbsp; going to be coming back to that now when you get&nbsp;&nbsp; asked tell me about yourself in a job interview&nbsp; this is what you do start off by saying well as&nbsp;&nbsp; you can see from my resume that's the first thing&nbsp; you say then go down your resume in chronological&nbsp;&nbsp; order starting with the oldest material and then&nbsp; getting closer to the present and finally talking&nbsp;&nbsp; about your most recent experience this should&nbsp; take about 45 seconds no more than a minute&nbsp;&nbsp; then end with the phrase and that's what brings&nbsp; me here today and why I'm excited to learn more&nbsp;&nbsp; about this opportunity you see your purpose in&nbsp; a job interview is to communicate to the person&nbsp;&nbsp; interviewing you how you're the person for the&nbsp; job how you meet all the qualifications that's&nbsp;&nbsp; your purpose in the interview you don't want to&nbsp; waste your time talking about something you did&nbsp;&nbsp; 15 years ago that has absolutely nothing to do&nbsp; with this position and is just taking up time&nbsp;&nbsp; that's why you want to summarize your resume in&nbsp; 45 seconds to a minute no more than that really&nbsp;&nbsp; see it's a well-known fact that people absorb&nbsp; and retain only a small proportion of what they&nbsp;&nbsp; hear it's like a very small percentage of what you&nbsp; hear that you actually understand and retain and&nbsp;&nbsp; can recall later so that's why you want to mention&nbsp; more than once how you meet all the qualifications&nbsp;&nbsp; you want to make sure it registers so when you&nbsp; get the question tell me about yourself all you&nbsp;&nbsp; have to do is say well as you can see from&nbsp; my resume and then you summarize your resume&nbsp;&nbsp; in about 45 seconds to a minute maybe start with&nbsp; your education start with your oldest experience&nbsp;&nbsp; and then come up chronologically to the present&nbsp; where you end with your most recent experience&nbsp;&nbsp; and then you end with the phrase and that's what&nbsp; brings me here today and why I'm excited to learn&nbsp;&nbsp; more about this opportunity see you want to&nbsp; spend as much time as possible talking about&nbsp;&nbsp; this opportunity not stuff you've done in the&nbsp; past that's why it's very important to try and&nbsp;&nbsp; steer the conversation from something you've done&nbsp; years ago to get them to talk about this position&nbsp;&nbsp; so you can explain how you meet the requirements&nbsp; so this is actually part of a new YouTube series&nbsp;&nbsp; I'm doing I'm gonna go through all the common&nbsp; job interview questions and we're going to talk&nbsp;&nbsp; about the hiring process in general I actually&nbsp; teach this at a postgraduate level and I've been&nbsp;&nbsp; on both sides of it hiring and being hired so&nbsp; hopefully that'll be useful for you please take&nbsp;&nbsp; a moment now to click the like subscribe and bell&nbsp; buttons and also be sure to check out my patreon&nbsp;&nbsp; site for some extra content and consider&nbsp; supporting me there too so once again I'm&nbsp;&nbsp; Bill the company's expert thank you so much for&nbsp; being here and watching my videos you're awesome you

  Top Comments:
  1. @TheCompaniesExpert [309 likes]: WATCH THIS VIDEO NEXT:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WChxbBSlWnQ&list=PLO4kDC0EWkeCnf8PBRk7XDPhrzmAxHLah&index=3
  2. @davidwirth2716 [2 likes]: i  had perfect attendance in High School  and never called out sick for work or been late.  You want me to start when?
  3. @ianyoung101 [2 likes]: "Tell me about yourself."
" OK, are you sitting comfortably?"
  4. @ESLMathTutor [1 likes]: Your videos are wonderful.  Thank you so much for sharing!   =)
  5. @BradC44 [1 likes]: I'm an earthling. 🌏
  6. @maxx4088 [1 likes]: I have a part time job interview tomorrow! I hope I pass!! Wish me luck!! Thank u so much for this video
  7. @Catsup8D [1 likes]: This might be the best advice I've heard, for a job application, thank you very much! and you are awesome too!
  8. @successsphere1-i6e [1 likes]: Watching after my interview
  9. @bellinivernon [1 likes]: Que bien ... !
  10. @adeum9i [1 likes]: Idk why ppl think a company wants to know about yourself they want to know about your WORK SELF 😂 use your brain don’t tell them you like to watch movies
  11. @SAlexandrescu [1 likes]: Thank you, very helpful! ♥
  12. @Some_kind_of_wonderfü [1 likes]: I absolutely love this explanation on answering this question ☺️. I very much appreciate how short your videos are.
  13. @ThePakChina [1 likes]: Just subscribed... you are awesome!
  14. @PanasGr [1 likes]: I can't say much, because I'm working on my autobiography.
  15. @danielskoczowski4255 [1 likes]: Ask yourself what the want to know.
  16. @1ZZFE [1 likes]: That sentence is not a ice breaker, it's an ice maker.
  17. @RobAndersonBayview [1 likes]: Love the breakdown, makes great sense.
  18. @ruffgook [1 likes]: Thats the dumbest question ever.
  19. @gvvpra [1 likes]: Thankyou 🙏🇮🇳
  20. @RobAndersonBayview [1 likes]: Quick, simple and effective!

- Four Principles Lean Management - Get Lean in 90 Seconds: Kind: captions Language: en Let's say your business is doing well and you're thinking of expanding. That's great, but it's also the riskiest time for your business. In fact, many businesses don't survive the transition. Should you throw money at the problem by investing in new equipment or hiring more people? Should you make your staff work more overtime? Your answers to questions like these can make or break your business. And that's where lean comes in. Lean is a philosophy about delivering value from your customers perspective, eliminating waste, and continuously improving your processes. Lean can radically change the way you do business. Lean management is based on four principles. The first principle is pull. Rather than producing as much as possible, customer demand pulls goods or services through the manufacturing process. This minimizes over production, inventory, and ultimately working capital. The second is one piece flow. Focusing on one single piece at a time minimizes work in progress, process interruptions, lead and waiting time while increasing quality and flexibility. The third is TAC. It's the heartbeat of a lean system. It's how fast you need to manufacture a product to meet customer demand. Tact allows us to balance work content, achieve a continuous flow, and respond flexibly to changes in the marketplace. And the fourth is zero defects. Mistakes happen, but a lean company doesn't pass on defects. Mistakes from previous steps must be fixed before going on. Combined with a robust, continuous improvement process, the four principles of lean management will help your company stay ahead of the competition in a constantly changing marketplace. So, if you're ready to begin your lean journey, contact us today. Let us show you how lean can bring out the best in your business.

  Top Comments:
  1. @aidan1739 [73 likes]: Who else thought this video was about Lean 🥤💀
  2. @JP-wx6uh [13 likes]: There's a difference between being "lean" and being "anorexic". Most businesses during this time are already trimmed down to the bone in terms of budget and manpower. They can't get "lean" because they're already anorexic.
  3. @nightmares2024 [4 likes]: I read lean and thought 
purple drank
  4. @emmawenzel2972 [3 likes]: Why is there no frosting on the cake at time 1:24? Kinda annoying. Or was it intentional?
  5. @MarunaVideo [2 likes]: Kijk ook eens op onze pagina. Daar vind je animatievideo's met uitleg over Lean Six Sigma en Lean Six Sigma tools.
  6. @NileshSaha [2 likes]: thanks. very helpful
  7. @kamelmessaoudi9212 [1 likes]: It amazing brother, always in the top
  8. @muhammadjasim1713 [1 likes]: Very Good man :)
  9. @rosseacevedo2990 [1 likes]: Excellent!
  10. @Practiceofthepractice [1 likes]: I'll remember this for next time! :)
  11. @maulord4 [1 likes]: Del dicho al hecho hay un trecho
  12. @justinsingley8265 [1 likes]: Thank you for the quick introduction.  I'm going to be researching this further
  13. @roberthicks5542 [1 likes]: Does this System work in the field service industries?
  14. @chefjosh1973 [1 likes]: Makes it looks so easy..
  15. @Ra1276: Easier said than done
  16. @lululu111: nice!
  17. @sneakerhead8041: Lean isn’t always effective in automotive
  18. @Landy82c: Japan 
明示清楚
高效率
方便
环保
Organised
  19. @sweatandswearing486: Good advice
  20. @achalpriyadarshi8746: Best video on Lean Manufacturing
Simply awesome...
https://youtu.be/zy-tbFOKBKw

- The First 4 Seconds of a Sale | Free Sales Training Program | Sales School with Jordan Belfort: Kind: captions Language: en i'm jordan belfort and this is sales school [Music] all right here's the deals america gets back to work you want and need every possible advantage out there succeeding the new economy smart companies run on netsuite by oracle the world's number one cloud-based business system so receive your free guide right now at netsuite.com school now every sale is the same right well why because we take control we make it the same we take immediate control of the sale and you have four seconds to do it that's it you are being judged in those first four seconds your prospect lays eyes on you they see you they rip you apart they put you back together they've judged each piece and based on that they say to themselves either this person is number one sharp is attack they're sharp on the ball number two they're enthusiastic what they have must be good they seem enthusiastic about it and number three most important of all an expert in your field let me repeat that one more time here those are called the three things that must line up in the first four seconds you got four sex number one you must be perceived as being sharp as a tap you're sharp you're on the ball you're a born problem solver number two you're enthusiastic as hell enthusiastic as hell meaning what you have must be good now i'm not talking about that over the top oh my god my son that's that's over the top nonsense enthusiasm it's not what i mean i'm talking about something called bottled enthusiasm it could be a whisper it's beneath the surface but it's powerful it's strong and lastly and most important of all you are an expert in your field sharpest attack enthusiast of an expert in your field meaning that you are someone that knows their you are an expert and what do we do when we're in the position or in the presence of experts what do we do we defer we've been trained since we're yay big to defer to experts we were very young our parents took us to the doctor when we were sick right and even our own parents were before we're like wow this is a very special guy he's been to school the doctor would ask us questions we would answer we don't interrupt them when we are in presence of experts we defer you must be perceived as sharp as attack enthusiastic as hell and expert in your field i'm gonna take a sip here expert in your field if you're not perceived this way what happens the prospect tries to take control when we believe that we're dealing with a novice someone who's dull not enthusiastic we will take control and what i realized that first night i invented the straight line back in 1988 believe it or not this is what i realized i had a certain way of talking a certain way of ethnic commanded authority people knew they were in the presence of an expert and because of that they would defer to me i was able to take control of the conversation and once i had control i could then make every sales and i could follow a certain road map to closing everyone using the same technique if the prospect is in control how could you do that you can't use any technique because you're you don't know what's coming next the first step in what's called the straight line syntax is you must take immediate control of the sale you must take control because what's really happening in the mind of the prospect and it happens in those first four seconds they say this is a person worth listening to that's what this chunks up and say you know what he's show up and through this she's sharp enthusiastic expert they are worth listening to because he or she can help me achieve my goals they can help me get what i want that's why people listen to you we seek out experts to solve our problems eliminate our pain you must be perceived this way when you are what happens they defer so watch number one you got four seconds you sound you must sound this way there's something you must be perceived the prospect says wow this person's an expert in their field they're sharp wow i'm going to defer they probably can help me get what i want they're experts i've been taught that it's respectful to defer to an expert so now that gives you the opportunity to take control you then take control and you use that to start asking questions and you ask those questions in a very specific way using certain tonalities and you start building massive rapport that way you

  Top Comments:
  1. @SuccessMindset2180 [5 likes]: 1. Some people also say about first 5-15 seconds
2. Balanced enthusiasm is helpful for achiving goals
3. To be in control of your life you have to focus on what you can control
  2. @JophielBatatin [4 likes]: This content is one of the most value... that's been humble ;)
  3. @ayelitlol9081 [2 likes]: 1.75x playback speed makes this video almost 2 min
  4. @MatthewLeitch-d4w [1 likes]: It took only a little more than 4 seconds to decide that I'm not taking advice from this man.
  5. @EverythingWorks247 [1 likes]: Thanks Jordan
  6. @CottenEyeJoe: Ability to use targeted words to steal from people.
  7. @ronaldandrews1735: - SEE= SHARP
            ENTHUSIASTIC
            EXPERT (SEE)!!! - REXX 😉
  8. @gomspng7720: ❤😂😂
  9. @Cr4ckey: funny
  10. @bablidas1748: I thought he would teach us..the way he tought his friend in the movie...yk.😔
  11. @chandimajs2007: Fyp
  12. @Marcus-Lprofit123: What he's saying is absolutely true
The only thing i disagree with is doing all this in 4 SECONDS.


NO WAY !!.....i would say at least the 1st 10 seconds
  13. @HeidiRobinson-i2z: There's also another sales technique I love .... The art of not selling 🎉
  14. @ivyiveena: I’m not a salesperson but I’m willing to work on my Art business and to start working in Solar as an independent Setter
  15. @andersonbarbosa6181: 4 seconds
  16. @leviclarke2429: good marketing with that red bull can a lot of people do that nowadays
  17. @KoganeNoYubi: drinking red bull - shows ur not an expert in nutrition for sure :)
  18. @davidsteinfeld3865: My brother in law Daniel Porush is a real monster and traumatized our entire family and he is a miserable drunk now
  19. @ai-pictures8833: You just have to drink 2 energy drinks and then you are in control. All 3 point are yours when cafeine is kicking
  20. @Celestialspirit1: Its mising the secret ingredient, cocaine and booze

- Fastest shooter EVER, Jerry Miculek- World record 8 shots in 1 second & 12 shot reload! HD: Kind: captions Language: en in 1999 they sponsored a publicized attempt by shooter Jerry Miculek to challenge ed McGivern speed shooting records set back in 1932 using a Smith & Wesson Performance Center built 8 shot revolver Mitchell I attempted to both out shoot McGivern and set two new world records and in a hundred and eight degree heat I believe it was down in Mississippi in front of a very supportive audience he did it I mean he did eight rounds in one second on one target he did eight rounds on four targets in 1.06 and then he did the six shots or reload and six shots in 2.99 seconds [Applause] all right

  Top Comments:
  1. @tylerjohnson-o8s: most ppl can’t shoot that fast w semi auto bro
  2. @HW.0029: Burglar breaks into Jerry’s house, “beep”
  3. @RicZambales-k6l: Imagine some fool pulling out a gun against the man.
  4. @TusharKaushal-s9g: This guy is navy penguin
  5. @justdone1251: Ban all people!!!! Hate crime and anti skateboarding violence!!!!
  6. @McInRantz-j9g: Every time I watch this video, I am more and more mesmerized and in absolute awe.......🙇🏻
  7. @Dontthinkvotegrug: bro pack a punched his revolver
  8. @waynebernard1224: Not even close to Bob Munden,
  9. @M3dicayne: With this guy, reloading is INDEED faster than switching to anything else... 😅
  10. @Jd4wg-j6w: The fastest hand in the West entire world.
  11. @drewbrown740: @Ishowspeed heres your next challenge!! If you think your fast? 🤣🤷
  12. @clifordracaza6475: imagine he's your grandpa and other people bullying you 😂
  13. @pigbeastcountry: Gary is an automatic weapon. Look at the size of his forearms. A strong man.
  14. @bober1019: i love how the calculator tells the old man numbers
  15. @stopimmigration: Imagine him playing piano
  16. @Snulge: It doesn't even look real.
  17. @leoperidot482: Wow.  Daughter looks just like daddy.  Yikes!
  18. @AnakinSkywalkersVater: Every burglar should remember his name—once you're in, there's no getting out.
  19. @Nexuhss: “Not be a dick about it…”
  20. @themomorain: Why did they pull out a calculator?

- 7 Problems You Don't Know About 2011s: Kind: captions Language: en foreign [Applause] what's up guys this is Chris here and today we're going to be talking about my favorite type of pistol the 2011 and the reason why we're going to be doing that is because of this gun right here that made 2011's popular again we're also going to be mentioning this gun as well the gun that made 2011's popular two years ago so with the introduction of a couple of I guess you could call them budget minded 2011's The Prodigy and the staccato line I think they have brought 2011's to a market that was never really using them before 2011's have been around since around 2011 maybe a little bit before that but with a double stack 1911 crowd but they have used pretty much exclusively in competition up until the 2020s almost where you started to see a lot of law enforcement military and civilian concealed carriers buying them uh the reason why they're very popular is obvious they are one of the fastest and most accurate platforms on the market but along with a very old design that has been remade and reintroduced time and time again you're going to come across some issues that are holdovers from the original 1911 design and some new ones as well so I wanted to talk about some unique problems that you might find with the 2011 if you've got a 2011 for the first time that you might not find if you are used to these striker-fired market now I'm not saying in any way that these this makes the 2011 inferior I'm just saying that every gun has pros and cons and with that speed and accuracy you are going to get some quirks but first I do want to mention if you like these videos if you like the non-biased content we try to make gun videos for you guys not for the industry because of that we really appreciate your support on patreon we really appreciate you liking and subscribing if you want to subscribe on patreon all you got to do is go to the link in the description below that helps out the channel if you don't want to do that super thanks is all also available it's YouTube's version and we really appreciate that also in that description is a link to a local shelter her name's Iowa it's the yss it could really use your help so please get out of that link donate to those kids and let's start out with the very first Quirk that I see a lot that I've experienced in my life and I've seen with a lot of people that are reviewing this because the issue with the Springfield Prodigy is it comes in at around 500 and it brings the 2011 to a crowd that again as I said before I've never had it before so a lot of people don't know with a 2011 that what we have here is an exposed ejector so you can see it pretty well on this one maybe it's this guy right here so as you can see that that's going to exist on the 1500 prodigy that's going to exist on the staccato series and even on my five thousand dollar Aries which I collaborated with Atlas Gun Works to make this is my personal favorite gun and I designed it and I have put an enormous amount of rounds through it and believe it or not it still has the same problem so if you run to slide lock in this 2011 you dump the mag grab the magazine and you just slam this magazine in as hard as you can like you would a Glock or M P or something like that what you're going to do is smack it into the ejector and it can cause a lot of problems uh first problem being your Magazine's stuck that's the most common one that's the most common one I have the second thing you can do is you can break that off causing a essentially a complete failure of the system now the easy way to fix that is usually what people do is preemptive reloads and you can reload with the slide forward and you usually don't have any of those issues the other thing you have to do is uh if you are gonna load the magazine with the slide lock to the rear you want to get the magazine in there and stop just a second before you put it in there and get back on the gun now it doesn't take much just a little bit more finesse and you won't have that issue however that is one of the main issues I've seen with 2011 people for the first time running one I've actually seen a lot of people get their mag stuck and their gun doesn't work and they don't understand why the magazine won't come out or they break the ejector or they mash it to the point where it no longer works and it no longer eject the routes so that was actually the reason why I made this video and then we came up with a bunch of other ones that we've seen during training classes videos things like that as well so we'll get right into with number two and that's Bill Wilson's least favorite thing and that is going to be I'm not going to do it on this one that is going to be dropping the slide on an empty chamber if you slam the slide forward on an empty chamber the round itself going into the chamber cushions the fall so you can mess with the barrel lock up ruin the barrel lock up or you can mess with the Seer engagement on the trigger and ruin your awesome trigger now you can kind of mess up your Seer engagement with that and you can actually jack up your trigger so one of the interesting things about that is people will go buy Wilson combats and they'll buy staccatos and all these things that have these really fine-sear engagements in these custom tuned triggers that give you the two and a half pound trigger everybody's looking for but then they also want to have that Glock durability where you can drop it on an empty round and you just can't have both sadly so I would recommend that if you're going to release your slide you want to have a round in the chamber because it's not the same you have to understand it's a lot harder on the gun to drop it with an empty chamber so if you're going to drop it with an empty chamber I would recommend the pinch move and kind of sliding it forward or I would recommend just grabbing the slide like this and riding it forward that's what you try to do it's going to help keep your trigger good longer and it's going to help keep your gun functioning longer third thing I run into a lot grip safety not engaged so one thing you have to understand is most 2011s still run the 1911 battery of arms the only real difference with the 2011 and a 1911 is that a staccato has now pinned it so technically these are not 2011s even though they super are um but the 2011 has a slide a grip and a frame uh and the polymer frame on the staccatos aluminum and then steel whereas this is steel aluminum aluminum and then sometimes it's aluminum steel polymer you just have three instead of two whereas the 1911 just has a frame and a slide that's the main difference but all of them will have this grip safety here and if you don't engage the grip safety when you pull the gun out of the holster and you don't have constant pressure on it you see if I release the grip safety here even though the manual safety is down the trigger doesn't work now that may not seem like a problem until you're shooting at adverse conditions or you're shooting under a barricade or a car or in some situation where you're entangled and trust me when I say this it does happen you pull your gun out and you don't have the perfect pressure you see even right here if you ride your thumb up higher like a more modern grip you have a tendency to take pressure off that grip safety that's why a lot of people have it pinned or even people like Adam overlay Atlas Gun Works eliminate it completely part of that allows you to shoot essentially with impunity and not have to worry about it but the biggest positive thing in my personal opinion is that you can get a higher ride on the gun and you can control the gun better without the grip safety I mean let's be honest 1911 to 2011's they already have a manual safety that you have to defeat so I feel like there's no need but keep in mind that if your gun does have that and you like that make sure you build into the battery of arms when you draw that you wanted to press that grip safety down now the second thing goes along with the first one is going to be building the manual safety into your battery of arms okay so if you build the manual safety in your battery of arms what you'll get is a recoil control device right so if I come out there I'm actually using my strong side thumb to press the gun down a little bit further and use it as a bit of a gas pedal now most people what they do is they push the safety down and then their thumb comes under like a Striker Fired grip the problem with that is is that you have a tendency under shooting to pop the manual safety back on so by riding it you get two things one you get that extra recoil control and two that safety is never going to come off when you don't want it to so personally I would recommend building in that sweeping motion into your draw if you plan on carrying a 1911 or a 2011. now another issue that we're going to talk about is the double fire issue now I do see this fairly frequently in matches and in training classes especially with new shooters that are used to double action triggers revolvers Glocks things with a longer trigger pull than a 1911 or a 2011 especially with a longer reset which really can be the issue so the the best thing about the 1911 2011 is the trigger the worst thing for new Shooters sometimes is also the trigger so when we release here as you can see here not only do we have a crisp two and a half pound trigger pull but the reset is unbelievably short okay now I don't think some people are ready for that the first time they shoot it is it the fact the trigger travel rearward and forward is very very very short and it's easy to get those accidental double fires and you're just gonna have to be careful with that and you're going to have to understand the triggers very very short and work into it slow and get used to it build it in your muscle memory and then you can add speed that's very important building in good habits first before we start going fast another problem magazine compatibility and interchangeability so uh different companies make different magazines as I didn't believe duramag makes the Springfield mags staccato in my opinion makes the best mags I think staccato honestly coming out with their Gen 2 magazines is one of the reasons why the 2011 became so popular 2011s have been known to be very finicky over the years and specifically the staccato pattern magazine fixed a lot of that plus added a lock back when the last round was fired that was reliable and would work every time so I like the staccato mags and generally if you use these most 2011s will work great another magazine that I like a lot are going to be the Mac what is it the Magtech mags I forget what those are I I'll mention it below I like those as well I have no experience with the Springfield mags yet but I have heard that these have issues and that doesn't shock me because generally when something else comes out that's brand new they need to be ironed out a little bit and the way the market is today generally companies beta test them on their customers first so sadly the first people to get them are generally the people that have to tell them that they suck there are plenty of different magazines some of them have locked back some of them do not some of them are compatible with certain pattern handguns and some of them are not all right so now we'll do is we'll check how fast we can run it maybe we will man it really doesn't like these magazines I think these magazines are what's going on yeah it won't even run them that's crazy magazine reliability issues are huge in the 2011 so I would absolutely spring for the more expensive and very durable magazines it just makes sense guys it's like buying regular Glock mags instead of going with the Korean ones now another thing I wanted to get into here is going to be relatively tricky takedown so if you're used to a Glock or an m p or even a Sig P320 where things are very simple get used to complicating them a little bit with a 2011. just the basic breaking down and cleaning of the 2011 is more difficult than a standard pistol especially if it's got something like a Dawson toolless disassembly where you're going to need a paper clip style tool or something to take your guide rod out you're definitely going to need a YouTube video or two the first time to do that also even just simple basic 2011 disassembly can be relatively difficult because you have to match up the uh the actual takedown lever here with the spot on the other side and then if you don't have a tool a lot of times it's really hard to get out of there so we pop our takedown lever out of there we Slide the assembly off and then we have our recoil guide rod system and everything which is not captured like a standard Glock and then we also have our barrel system here which slides out generally from the front like that and then when we put it back together we we have to align this little knob here or this little hole here with the takedown pin when we put it back in so a lot of times you actually have to reassemble it upside down and sometimes even with people that are very very used to it it takes a lot of finicky uh playing around with just to get it back together so that's one thing to keep in mind that if you buy 20 of them for the first time I would find a reputable video on takedown and cleaning and assembly because the next thing we're going to be talking about here is going to be the cleaning issues with the 2011. so people try to use 2011's like Glocks and it's just not the case the tolerances are extremely tight that allows for a very good accuracy and Speed most of them are hand fitted but the downside to that is going to be that they do require more lubricant you're not going to be able to shoot these 2000 rounds without Lube 500 is about all you're going to be able to get and you're going to need a lot of lube and I like to clean mine every thousand or two thousand rounds as opposed to every two to four thousand rounds with my Striker fried guns so it requires about you know four times as much lube and about twice as much cleaning as your standard Striker fire gun now for pros and cons obviously a little bit more maintenance equals a little bit more performance but that's up to you and if you're not the guy who wants to do a tricky takedown and lube a gun a lot and clean a gun a lot and you're not a tinkerer a guy that likes to take care of things 2011s are probably not for you I'd probably stick with a Glock it's nothing against it it's just personal preference so overall I think those are some of the downsides of a 2011 that most people don't know or don't think about before they get into it they're not huge downsides they're just simply small cons that you're going to have to get used to over time obviously the 2011 is my personal favorite platform and so obviously all those things can be easily overcome and then the benefits of the speed and accuracy of man are really something to behold that being said you're going to have to go through some of these things before you get there it is what it is if you like this video please like And subscribe please help at your local homeless shelters and remember to recycle I'll check you later [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @jamestaylor9258: ParaOrdinance, double stack 1911 from well before the center broke.
  2. @jackwhelan869: I come from the Bullseye world. Are you allowed to disengage your safety in the run and gun game?
  3. @mikehumphrey8618: What about if your slide doesn't lock up after the last round?   Is that detrimental to the gun?
  4. @granddad-mv5ef: Any opinions on Check-Mate mags?
  5. @philalford3413: Why drop the slide on an empty chamber? Oh man, that's a deal breaker. Been shooting 1911s since Vietnam, and grip safety has never been a problem. This issue I see is not being proficient with your platform of choice.
  6. @ricktilbury9690: Thank you. I was going to acquire a Stacco, but I couldn't justify the $3500 when it was all said and done. I usually end up going back to my GLOCK 19 anyways. Recently I discovered the Springfield Armory Podigy. I'm excited to get it. I'll see how it goes. I watch all your videos.
  7. @mikemcduff427: The $ 1850.00 Bull Armory 2011 EDC is a great pistol.  Fit and finish is as good as Staccato IMHO.
You stated the Staccato is not a 2011 because the safety is pinned.  I thought they trademark named their pistol as a '2011' so no one else can call their pistol a 2011.  Am I wrong?
  8. @keimolantio: Bul armoury magazine
  9. @SG-LLCtraining: Your first listed “issue” isn’t a problem if your using mags with a flush fitting base plate, or an extended base plate on an extended mag which act as an over travel stop. The issue on the original mags was the complete lack of an over travel stop particularly since most 2011 mags were extended for competition. If you are running a stock prodigy or current production staccato with the factory mags you can slam them as hard as you want.
  10. @billtyler8855: don't bullshit me. you make videos for money.
  11. @believeinjesus8300: I no longer desire the  2011 pistols.
  12. @terryvenable9389: What about a Taurus double stack does it have any these problems?
  13. @Revix_Kickboxing: For the first time of my life, I could genuinely afford to buy something this expensive and I can genuinely say there is no channel on YouTube that I would trust more than the honest outlaw for information on whether or not it’s worth it
  14. @andrewcrowley7921: What would be better introduction to the 2011's Mac 9 ds or Apollo 11 or fusion xp
  15. @VdubSPAZ: The ejection pattern is the part that kind of would bother me I'm sitting there watching your wife get rained on with shells as she's using it just saying that would suck
  16. @shane9323: Whats a good 2011 for someone new to 2011s
  17. @ConnieMasden: Bla Bla Bla
  18. @eldoradocanyonro: WTH kind of pos can you not release the slide on an empty chamber????
Grip safety has been a thing since 1911...how is it now somehow a problem?
Trigger reset is short.....how is the trigger significantly different in a 2011 than a 1911?  Takedown is identical to the 1911.....   
DID I MISS SOMETHING?   I THOUGHT I WAS WATCHING A VIDEO ON THE 2011 PROBLEMS, NOT A LIST OF HOW THE 1911 IS DIFFERENT FROM A STRIKER FIRED WEAPON.
You need to rename this to:  6 ways hammer fired single action semi autos are different from striker fired plastic fantastics plus a cleaning myth.
Oh, and one more thing.....  If you think a 1911 takes more maintenance than a modern striker fired, you're an idiot.  They're the same.  Clean your weapon after every range visit.  End. Of. Line.  Don't you be trying to turn in a dirty weapon to my cage.
  19. @darkness_falls94: So they’re expensive pieces of glass to be used on range only. Got it. Was gonna buy a 1911 platform for a “end of the world” gun, and now I’m not. Glock it is.
  20. @johnnysmall4206: Thanks, Chris for the information you and your wife share with us all out here in YouTube land, Y'all do a great job informing us on gun related issues, good or bad. ❤❤❤✌✌✌

- COWBOY BEBOP was doomed from the start - The Badger's Apprentice: Kind: captions Language: en Netflix's liveaction version of cowboy bbop was doomed from the start when asked for his thoughts original series director shinich where tanay said it started with a scene in the casino which made it tough for me to continue I stopped there and so I only saw that opening scene it was clearly not cowboy bbop and I realized at that point that if I wasn't involved it would not be Cowboy bbop I felt that maybe I should have done this although the value of the original anime is somehow far higher now [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] rough as mentioned the casino scene is the first scene in the show so we're going to Anatomy ever a seene this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and see just how quickly Cowboy bbot came off the rails for the uninitiated cowboy bbot follows the story of Spike and his partner jet two bounty hunters in a Sci-Fi Western jazz-based future there's also a Side Story with a shady criminal Empire called the syndicut but you don't need to know any of that bollocks for the purposes of this the casino scene is actually an adaptation of the convenience store scene in 2001's cowboy Bop the movie in a nutshell a bunch of wrongin are rubbing a convenience store and while the lead bad guy is monologuing about the world being a stew or whatever he states that he used to work for a security company but due to restructuring lost his job and now uses his knowledge of their security system to rob places at this point Spike enters wearing headphones and figing ignorance before setting off a party poer in the dude's face throwing him off balance long enough for him to be handed his own ass before jet crashes through the ceiling and the two proceed to hand out to the rest of the gang a thorough [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hiding a final gang member then comes out of the toilet and holds an old lady hostage Spike apologizes to the old lady pointing out that their Bounty Hunter is not cops so they're not there to protect bystanders the Gman then lowers his guard for a split second and Spike shoots the gun out of his hand like a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] badass in the end five gang members are captured alive Zero fatalities jobs are good in so how does Netflix Fair first there's the change in location the action moving from a brightly lit convini to a rather drab and cheap looking Casino in fact cheap looking is a common complaint about the series as a whole but my God this room is beige you can't even tell this is set in the future all the machines in the background are the cheapest one-arm Bandits the prop Department could find while everyone wears drab clothing this guy has an iPad and everyone else uses normal guns this wall in the back is a bulkhead by the way yes this is a space station which isn't revealed until much later but they could have easily put a window into this wall with a bit of star Cur but no the first indication that this is the future at all is when this guy whips out a space gun at the 6-minute mark of this 9-minute scene they visit a casino at one point in the anime and it looks like what you would imagine a futuristic Casino in space would look like quark's bar from DS9 looks more impressive and it's got windows that point out into space this place looks like the lobby of a cheap Vegas hotel one of those ones that have a swimming pool with no water in it Netflix's bad guys are considerably more violent than their anime equivalents having gun down half the casino's patrons with guns that fire bullets that simultaneously break screens whilst also not breaking screens somehow they then hold the survivors hostage whilst they rob the joint which they do digitally raising the question of whether they needed to be there in person in the first place no matter though because this gives our boss Tanaka a captive audience and plenty of time for him to go on a rant about corporations you see corporate greed was a big part of the original series with all of humanity left to the whims of either corporations or The Syndicate meaning that most of Spike and Jet's bounties with the poods who'd Fallen foul of one or the other sometimes forcing Our Heroes to make the difficult decision of taking the Bounty or doing the right thing in the Netflix version Tanaka's Central thesis is corporations bad and he doesn't really go much deeper than that pointing out as he does that the corporations have taken over everything they control everything now food medicine fuel even this place which isn't exactly a revelation that's true now he goes on to say now I do not like speaking in absolutes but I got to tell you fellas I absolutely wish every single one of these corporate cockroach [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] be taken out to the woods and the woods set on fire which isn't the most efficient way of killing a bunch of people and shows that he doesn't understand that in a space-based economy wood would be quite valuable while he's waxing lyrical about how he's the victim of Corporations and quite effectively is demonstrating that he doesn't know how to hold a gun he mentions that he once worked in a casino but lost his job because of corporate greed and is now using his knowledge to rob the place only kidding I worked in a casino once until they fired me for stabbing a Pit Boss in the eye which renders all of his anti-establishment ranting from a minute ago a complete waste of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] time Tanaka then rans out of his powerful social commentary by asking Carol a weeping member of Staff who she works for implying that the obvious answer the corporations will be her death sentence and by the way he didn't lose his job at this casino so she doesn't know him it's not like Carol's the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] CEO she just works there son right we're about 2 minutes in and so far so [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it's at this point Spike enters things are about to pick up right before Spike even comes in there's an excellent piece of editing where Tanaka who do you work for [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is into cut with an approaching elevator which arrives with a proud ding which prompts our Nells to focus their attention on the door it then cuts inside the elevator and back in time with the elevator not actually arrived yet it then does arrive with a proud ding like his anime counterpart are boys wearing headphones and faints ignorance and then surprise at a room full of gun toting douche canoes even though he clearly looks ahead when he exits the elevator and is bound to have seen them all he also takes a moment to put out a cigarette in an ashtray that says spiders of Mars the name of the casino station in the anime version but not the liveaction version which is called Las Vegas as can be seen on this sign that's rotating in the wrong direction anyway Spike disorients Tanaka in the most awkward and pointlessly elaborate way possible slow motion spin kicking a coin into his forehead in a move that is wildly impractical and honestly made me think that's probably not the right shoes to be doing that in long story short spank forgetting how bounties work flat out MKS everyone inside and really seems to go out of his way to do so before jet crashes through a ceiling panel and a ises him for forgetting how bounties work Flatout murking everyone in sight and really seeming to go out of his way to do so I should also point out that there's a bunch of hostages not that you can really tell as you can only catch glimpses of them as they're hiding in the bottom corners of some shots and the bad guys and good guys shoot semi-automatic weapons and shotguns in their General Direction with abandon there's one hilarious bit where Spike gets pinned down behind a blackjack table and one of the bad guys goes to flush him out whilst the other two cover him only for Spike to pull this move out of his ass while the other two bad guys who were supposed to be covering the first only open fire when the camera coverage returns to them and they pop back into existence and by the way if you stabilize the camera that move looks like this there's also a bit where jet crashes in and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] goes what took you so long and the camera just stays on him for a b too long godamn Spike you're supposed to wait for my signal I wondering when you show up it's weird I haven't edited that that's how it is in the show with Tanaka's crew now all deaded except for that one last that jet accidentally grapes then knocks the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out Tanaka takes the old lady hostage like his anime counterpart Spike doesn't really give a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] though he's much more of a dick about it wait that's that's your hostage [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] was she like 80 I mean she looks like she's led a very full rich life haven't you ma'am Spike I mean you got kids right you're ready to go also when the G in the anime is distracted for a split second Spike shoots the gun out of his hand like the afor mentioned badass it's pretty [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] sick meanwhile in the live action World Tanaka does this and no one does anything Tanaka does this and no one does anything [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] useless to the lot of them the final gang member Frank then comes out from taking a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and he's got a space gun if you remember because this is set in the future apparently his space gun however is powerful enough to blast through the hull the sight of which makes everyone want to deescalate the situation everyone except Spike who's an [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] even Tanaka asks Frank to take it down a notch begging the question why did you let him bring it in the first place you live and work in space you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] morons anyway obviously Frank fires missing everyone and hitting that one blank wall in the background that's the only one in the entire place the other side of which is the cold harsh vacuum of space if they put a window in there he would have known and though he does blow a massive hole in the wall through which you can catch the glint of stars everyone just stands around for a moment while stuff around the room gently starts to float boat which looks pretty but only makes sense if the artificial gravity turned off and not if the room was about to violently decompress which it does causing everyone to hold on for dear life while our already dead bad guys are sucked out into the void it's worth reminding everyone at this point that there are hostages in this room apparently and also remember that last jet punched in the face yeah she's dead isn't she also while we're here let's revisit this whole Space Station bollocks what was Tanaka's plan here once you've rubbed the casino you're still on a massive space station the Watanabe casino is here while the docking platform is all the way out here you ain't going to make it that fast then and if that's a bulkhead wall by the way you should have docked the ship on the other side of it and cut through the hole that's what you should have done you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] ding-dong but I digress with the hole breach the lights change color so you know that there's an emergency and the big lad here sets off a one arm bandit without putting money in it crucially though the blast door to seal the breach has to be set off by manually pulling a lever which seems like a design floor jet does it by calling this graceful move and Associated sound effect bringing the door down and saving everyone probably we didn't really do a headcount at the beginning but let's say that most of the people in the room at the beginning are probably outside it now ah look the door has a window so that's the casino scene the original scene is a tight 4 minutes 10 that introduces enough information about our main characters and the situation for anyone new to know what's going on whil it's not rehashing stuff for people who've seen the original series you know who they are you know what they do they'll do the right thing but for a price jobs are good and the casino remake is over twice the length at 9 minutes 10 a Meandering Dutch angled mess filled with the action of a turn-based RPG where our bad guys are polite enough to form an orderly queue to fire their guns whilst offering a level of social commentary typical of a particularly pretentious firste sociology student all of which set in a beige room with this guy's name written on it no wonder he [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hated it the liveaction cowboy bbop isn't the crime against humanity certain corners of the internet like to claim it is as an adaption of cowboy bbob yes it's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] awful but in of itself it's not terrible it's just not good either with a couple of tweaks to its writing and production it could have been brought more in line with the original exploring its themes the thing it's actually about rather than playing it lip service and ending up looking like cosplay it's also kind of clear that the production team viewed the original as a cartoon not an anime anime a medium known for its depth of character and ruminations on The Human Condition and yes the occasional wild boob physics here it's clear they've lumped that in with the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Looney Tunes and really latched on to that as an aesthetic recreating 2D images that had amazing depth as flat and lifeless plates of brightly colored meh they could have also gone the other way ditched the whole cowboy bbop IP and just had a new show where John chow and mustard Shakir go around the Galaxy rasling folks and I think we could have all accepted this on those terms but there you go that's Cowboy bbop I recommend you search for it on Netflix because then the original pops up right next to it watch that one cuz the liveaction cowboy bbop was doomed from the start

  Top Comments:
  1. @thebadgersapprentice [42 likes]: Cheers for having a go at this with you eyeballs, if you're interested in more consider a like or hit the old subscribe button. You may for example have strong feelings about hollywood resurrecting dead actors to entertain the people for eternity: https://youtu.be/i-wwmSiUjBg or if Star Wars and people be wrong about Star Wars is more your cup of tea then try this: https://youtu.be/-9r6l54FaE4
  2. @pixelpastiche [2 likes]: 7:23 WHY did the guy run up to Jet to attempt to hit him in the side with an AK? Is he stupid?
  3. @17thchamber [1 likes]: God Tomorrow Studios did such an amazing job building the world, all the actors were either perfectly cast or decent enough, but the WRITING… Jesus Christ what absolute dog water writing, directing and cinematography sucked ass too.

Well at least the One Piece live action adaptation is incredibly good
  4. @TheRedDirtDownload [1 likes]: It took me the entire length of this video to actually remember the movie it was that forgetable.
  5. @krammit89 [1 likes]: "Semi-automatic"
  6. @Kinzokugia [1 likes]: 3:09 Ironic they called it Watanabe's Casino when Watanabe saw only this and went "Nah, this sucks."
  7. @tcironbear21 [1 likes]: Yeah they lost me in the first scene also.
  8. @MEtALCoRE452 [1 likes]: You should make a video about the live action One Piece
  9. @micahj9828 [1 likes]: They should have just let Keanu do it back in '08 while the iron was hot and it had momentum.
  10. @Hotpants99: It was entertaining but did not have the magic from the anime.
  11. @wickedfeylady: Who was Edward’s acting coach, Simple Jack???? This was awful and tone deaf
  12. @jj042: I actually liked the Netflix adaptation, to be fair I haven’t watched the anime yet - I may feel differently after. The campiness of the show is what kept me watching.
  13. @frankmann1060: Yo, no lie, King Vader did a better live action Cowboy Bebop
  14. @ECK66: What stood out the most for me in this disaster was how they absolutely massacred the storyline of Fad (Jet's former colleague)
In the anime, there was some pretty deep and interesting meaning behind the way it all turned out. It was also apparently a reference to an old movie
In live action? Absolutely butchered the idea, the character, and everything in-between
  15. @Righteoustiger56: Vicious’ portrayal was just so disappointing
  16. @Hadrurus01: Funny, I didn’t make it past episode 2 I think.
  17. @patrickboyle1135: We made it to episode 3, where Vicious, a character who exudes menace in the original and is never shown as anything other than ruthless and competent, pitched yet another hissy fit and executed a bunch of naked drug factory workers. We just put the anime on at that point for the rest of the night and never looked back.
  18. @CountGiovanni: Good video & review. @11:00 the exaggerated claim seems to be an attempt at humor or a dismissive stance on how it was received by fans online, which I feel lands a bit poorly as you then backtrack and pivot right away. Makes me wonder how well this attempt of your to play the middle went here.. (or if it was that at all?) and maybe I'm just overtired but it gave me pause to wonder. Hey it inspired me to comment here so fwiw that's something! Any adaptation that does not respect the source material is bound to fail 98% of the time and it's happened over and over in Hollywood for decades now to the point it invokes the saying, "insanity is doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results". The best thing about the Netflix adaptation was that it did elevate the original even more and the great live action adaptation of One Piece that followed it that was based on a much sillier soft of cartoon show blew this out of the water. What a wild timeline we all seem to be in these days. haha I really did enjoy watching your whole review on this. Thanks!
  19. @NotRektDayTrader: Everything woke goes to shit
  20. @GrandmasterFive: I remember John Cho was doing a Q&A and someone asked him the significance of Spikes fake eye. Cho genuinely asked “he doesn’t have a fake eye, does he?” Bro didn’t even watch the anime. Spikes fake eye is like the main plot point of his whole character.
The chick playing Faye also said something that let me know she never seen the anime, though I forgot what it was.
The only person who seemed like they actually studied their character was the guy who played Jett

- Mixtape is Fake Nostalgia for Losers.: Kind: captions Language: en These are the last hours of our high school affair. It's romantic. I want to say something [music] light-hearted, so I say I bet one of us dies this time. >> [music] >> I want you to understand. This ain't a catastrophe. It's a warning. Daddy, if you trap me here, this will only be the beginnings of [music] my wicked ways. Cuz I'm angry and I'm wired and I'm fixing for a whole lot of trouble. IF YOU MAKE ME STAY HERE, I'm going to burn the whole [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] place down. It is time for your spanking. Now you do what grown-ups say. If I ever spoke to my dad like that, he would have smoked my hands right there in the middle of the street in front of my friends. No thanks, bro. If somebody said something like this to a cop as a teenager, they wouldn't grow up to be a game developer. They'd grow up in a psych ward. This is Mixtape, a new favorite of game reviewers, game journalists, and the games industry. A generational masterpiece, truly. An earnest attempt to tug at your decrepit old heartstrings. It's going to spiderverse stop motion its way all the way up to game of the year nomination. But if we slide our greasy heads out of the art fart sniffing party, we'll see what the real world has to say about it. A cynical monetization of manufactured nostalgia for people who peaked in high school. Ouch. The bare minimum amount of player interaction required to qualify as a video game. An industry plant. Why is the internet being so mean to Mixtape? What's got everyone so adamantly arguing with the game reviewers on this one? Now, I recognize there is an audience for games that are devoid of any challenge or complex gameplay. Just like there is an audience for peanut butter on cheeseburgers. There's an audience for everything. >> DISGUSTING. I MEAN, the same journalist who infamously got stuck on the Cuphead tutorial for 26 minutes thought Mixtape was great after all. Now that I've played all the way through Mixtape at just under 2 and 1/2 hours to roll credits, if I had to summarize exactly why I think this game is being so aggressively mocked, I'd point to one scene that is indicative of the rest of the game's problems, which I'll play for you right here. You see if you can spot anything off about it. Ready? Here's the clip. >> Put it on. Put it on. Uh, come on. This should do it. Got it? Let's compare notes. First, the gameplay is so dry here, it is just rotating your stick for a couple seconds, same switched in between cutscenes. Yes, this is comparable to the majority of the Mixtape experience. And second, this is nostalgic imagery, sure, but it's also performative. They've got the details all wrong. For the sake of brevity, I have trimmed what was a 2-minute segment lambasting this scene. Yes, 2 minutes of well, actually rage down to the following brief observations. One, the label is upside down, but then magically corrects itself when it's inside of the player. Two, she's rotating the pencil the wrong way to be rewinding a tape. And three, my personal favorite, nobody would take the time to manually rewind this whole thing when the cassette player has a rewind button right there. See? Right there. That's a rookie move. Which brings us to one of Mixtape's main problems, something felt throughout the entire experience. Fake nostalgia over everything. It trades logic, gameplay, narrative, challenge, and even what could have been actual nostalgia for the '90s for a kind of manufactured nostalgia that exists only in a modern-day game developer's daydreams. You want to smoke a blunt and go skinny dipping? Holy flipping meatballs. >> The story of Mixtape involves three teenage friends in their last night together before they all go their separate ways after high school. Tonight, we're invited to Camillo Cole's beach party. It's the tits. It's the jam. Everyone's going to be there. Each chapter is more or less a stereotypical high school kid scenario that's paired with a song. The song doing the majority of any emotional heavy lifting here considering we don't know who these kids are and personally, I'm not sure if I'd want to in real life anyway. Because my mixtape bends others to my will. It's a strange, almost cosmic talent. >> That's horrible. This may be their series finale, but to us, this is the first episode. What Mixtape wants you to do instead is insert yourself into these scenarios or even better, maybe remind you of something that you experienced while you were wrapping up your high school years. But the problem with Mixtape's attempts at nostalgia bait is that this entire experience feels way too tailor-made for the people that made it. Like for example, a lot of the soundtrack isn't even 90s music. There's so many 90s bangers and bands that would have made far more sense to have here if your selling point is 90s American nostalgia. It's like somebody who is different for the sake of being different trying to validate their own tastes and their own humor. What was the best film of the 80s? Aliens? Not as good as Aliens. I want to be like Pee-wee Herman. Sexually deviant? >> [laughter] >> The quirks, the dialogue, the soundtrack. I can't tell if it's just one or two people's over-romanticized version of their childhood that was actually way lamer than what's depicted in Mixtape or if this whole Skinwalker effect is because this is an Australian studio trying to relate to American teenagers, which might actually help explain some of the soundtrack choice. Maybe both? Now, I'll admit what's here isn't completely devoid of charm. There were a couple of moments that earned a slight nostril exhale from me. Sweater, you do it. You're the one with the mustache. You need help there, buddy? Woah, this carpet should be illegal. That'll be $7.95. And are you sure your dad loves you? In '84, he had the highest foul ball to hit in the league. But Mixtape is the final boss of nostalgia bait, and I struggle to see why this was developed as interactive media at all. It sells itself on a type of pandering that truly, I think, only a small sect of dorks who grew up to become game developers could ever actually find compelling. And game reviewers, too, I guess. I mean, look at the review scores here. If you want to know what truly lit the fuse, it's this right here. In spite of just how limited of an experience Mixtape is, somehow it's also perfect. But I do say dorks affectionately. I was one as a kid, too. But I mean, come on. Mixtape paints this group of punk, pop culture-loving, nerdy criminals like superheroes. One of them proudly tells strangers to their face whether she likes them or not based on their taste in music, throws tantrums, and flips strangers off in public. >> Most of the time, if I don't have music on, I get the panic. Yeah, she'll go far in life when she moves to New York, I'm sure. Another one proudly talks about how all he wants to do is stay here, go nowhere, and keep hanging out with his alcohol-enabling mother. You kids want some margaritas? And the other one constantly romanticizes dropping education and dropping hobbies because being a stoner is way cooler. Hey, go eat a dick. I'm just a series of after-school programs. Cassandra shows great promise. The bad guy in Mixtape is the dad that doesn't want his daughter hanging out with the criminal degenerate losers because unlike them, she actually has academic credentials and athletic ability to go places in life if she wants to. I've decided to disappoint my parents. Dope. Bill Robbie down at the liquor store said kids have been in and out of there all day. Something's happening tonight and I don't want you part of it. >> This year, I want to write a flaming [music] stallion of delinquency. Pam Gavin saw you skipping class Thursday and don't bother denying it. >> Hey, are you going to pay for that? You know how to jet? To what? Jet! Why do you have this? Stoners use these. We've given you so much trust. Trespassing is dope. Crime is dope. Kid, you are breaking my heart. >> What a monster. Throughout Mixtape, this cast of self-insert losers are put on a pedestal as the good guys actually because they're the ones rebelling against the system. They're the ones that are somehow respected by the cool kids instead of bullied by them. They get the better of their parents and they beat law enforcement in absolutely no way that some nerd in the 90s would have ever actually been able to relate to outside of their own personal fan fiction of their life, of course. Mixtape is like finding somebody's self-drawn comic strip of themselves beating up school bullies and winning over their crush except it's not tucked away in a box under their bed, it's being sold to the public as entertainment. >> HE RUINED MY DREAM JOURNAL. BUT what about Stranger Things or It, Kingerd? Those movies feel nostalgic and no 80s kid ever had to fight off an interdimensional child-napping monster. Well, you're right, but the nostalgia that's being sold is more so just the simple experience of being a kid with a bike and movie references. Stranger Things wasn't trying to make you nostalgic for a fantasy what if scenario, what some 45-year-old game developer wishes they could go back and do in high school knowing what they know now and without fear. Skate board down a windy road at top speed regardless of oncoming cars. Remember when when used to do stuff like that? stealing, vandalism, drugs, and arson are actually cool. It's our mean parents that don't want us to end up dead in a ditch that are the antagonists here. Bored of sex and drugs? How could you get bored of it? Chyeah. Chyeah. Chyeah. >> Chyeah. Chyeah. Well, that kind of is teenage mentality. They are pretty stupid, so fine, I'll allow that part. And you know what? We gamers love our escapism. I could be fine with this naive teenage whimsy if not for one huge additional issue. Mixtape is not fun at all. It's own intentionally hilarious in that it's so desperate not to break your teenage power fantasy, you hardly ever have to actually touch your controls to still complete any gameplay segment. If you've wondered why I've avoided calling this a game or saying that I played it, this is why. The segments involving walking around and picking up items or the occasional part where you actually do have to hit a prompt to be able to proceed are probably the only reason this thing isn't officially classified as an interactive movie, which it probably still should be. I thought we were riding together. I didn't want to get all sweaty and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Fair. Watch this. I'm touching none of my controls at all in the footage on screen. Thankfully, yes, the skateboarding segments do have fails where it rewinds you when you hit something, but you have to be trying to hit something to do anything but coast to the end of it. Here's a side-scrolling segment with jump mechanics. Oh boy, I better make sure I dodge the obstacles. Oh, the game just keeps you going even if you don't push anything. Nice. Oh, then here's the quiet nerd automatically flawlessly kicking a field goal in front of all the jocks because that's totally not the writer's self-insert fanfic or anything. This is the touch by [music] Stan Bush. Originally released in 1986 on the Transformers animated movie soundtrack. It's the cheese, the stuffed crust, the quattro formaggio. But this is my only sporting [music] memory, and it feels totally appropriate. But this is my only sporting memory. Who let the Oh boy, flying segments. I better dodge everything and it doesn't matter. We fly right through them. People like to harp on Split Fiction for banking so much on nostalgia for video games, but at least I could call that game a game. It had a variety in mechanics. It had challenge. It had things you needed to achieve to progress and failures that would keep you from progressing. It had vibes, too, but it never tried replacing the gameplay with them. Meanwhile, Mixtape's gameplay is a string of overly simple mini-games connected by cutscenes. I kid you not, I accidentally let my controller go into sleep mode twice during my playthrough and I hadn't stepped away from the game or anything. It really does just require that little input from the player. Alternating triggers to set off fireworks or tapping a button to the beat of music, all of which is optional, of course. You don't have to participate to still proceed. I'm 100% certain that the point is going to be something artsy-fartsy like, "It's all about living in the moment." or just spectating if that's more of who you are. And if you don't agree, like, you're media illiterate, man. Cha. Cha. Cha. >> Cha. Cha. A lot of times story games can work fine with minimal input, but usually with those games the challenge comes from the narrative itself. Things like Telltale's Walking Dead or Batman, Supermassive's Until Dawn, The Quarry, or Dark Pictures games. You make choices. You try to save people. You reap the consequences of your decisions. And when I thought that's what Mixtape was, I assumed it'd be a pretty inoffensive story game romp. But then I realized despite the narrative focus, there are no choices in Mixtape. There are no consequences. There are no narrative fail states. You have zero impact on the story. You are just here to watch it unfold. It's like watching a screensaver and it occasionally asks, "Are you still there?" In fact, I'd argue that Netflix's Bandersnatch was more of a game than Mixtape if that says anything. At least Bandersnatch tried to engage you and made interesting use of the choices. What you did mattered. But, thanks to the lack of permanence of digital media, you can't even watch or play that right now because Netflix removed it. It's gone. Stop killing interactive movie games. And to add some fuel to the fire, Mixtape might really want to present itself as an indie game, but it's backed by Annapurna, who's run by the daughter of a billionaire who gives handouts to his kids' ventures. That does help explain why this no-name game was able to afford licensing several soundtracks and a multi-platform launch in a way that other indie games could only dream of. But, this isn't new for Annapurna. I guess make up your mind about that one. I've got another video about indie game criteria if you want to check that out. All in all, it's fine if you like Mixtape. If you do, chances are yours and my taste in games are probably never going to jive, but that's okay. This video is about why Mixtape is getting mocked so relentlessly. So, let me spell it out. It's a cringe power fantasy that ironically gives you minimal control. It prioritizes fake nostalgia so aggressively it sacrifices everything that makes a video game a video game to do it. It's a game with no consequences, no challenge, no logic, no meaningful narrative payoff, little to no gameplay, and no appeal outside of a niche of a niche of a niche of an age group, and hardly delivers that with any accuracy beyond asking ChatGPT, "What did teenagers in the '90s do?" Instead, what it offers is a soundtrack I can listen to on Spotify for free played over not really a traditional coming-of-age story. It's more like, "What would someone having a midlife crisis wish their coming-of-age story was?" And it probably could have gone under the radar until the game journalists poured out their praise for it. I swear those guys are never going to beat the "we're bad at games" allegations when they bow before a game like this, are they? I look forward to the 2000s kid nostalgia game called Burned CD. I'll probably be able to relate to that one more, to be honest with you. But seriously, digital media is killing entertainment as we know it. It is a problem. Click here for a video on that. Thank you, channel members, for voting on this video, and as always, thank you all for watching. Carry on, you kings.

  Top Comments:
  1. @TheKingerd [1800 likes]: it’s come to my attention this “indie” “”game” was also paid for by the Australian government. The more you know. 

“and then the losers totally weren’t losers in fact everyone thought they were cool. The end.”

thank you all for 59.6k subs!
  2. @gm_mallparking [1 likes]: Serious question, what kind of wheels they got to be able to skate smoothly on a motorway? I couldn't even skate on tar without my board trying to break itself apart.
  3. @joshlewis2057: gross
  4. @nashwolf1731: Is it fun ?  

Edit : It hasn't even been a minute but I'm cackling with laughter at 0: 43 seconds
  5. @2ane: I wonder how many of those "kid rebells against strict parents, turns out fine" stories actually happen in real life, compared to "kid rebells against strict parents, parents give up, kid ends up dead from drug overdose at 25".
  6. @nflisrigged1395: Plus tge songs sucked.
Npt 90s not 90s music.
  7. @linkfreeman1998: "Nostalgia"

Yeah sure, like using Unreal Engine / Unity instead of Quake II engine, you twits. Even in that department they didnt bother.
  8. @JaymanNVK: 9:00 amazing choice sir!! DL
  9. @onceagain77: Everything about this "game" irritates me. The main character is clearly Ellison's daughter.
  10. @arroyomart1nez: If this """game""" gets nominated im praying every one in the audience boos
  11. @Brettphilosopher: It's one of those situations where you see it getting all the good reviews and you're like well damn I wonder what this is about and then you see the actual videos of the gameplay and you're just like "no....no thank you...I guess everybody's delusional now...."
  12. @shifterzx: I have Gamepass and tried this game. I really tried but it's insufferable. The characters are cringe and just have a 'depressing and bored' art style to them. The protagonist is not someone I'd imagine anyone would be friends with either and it's hard to care about her or anyone here. There is no actual 'game play' and I just can't do more than an hour of this tripe. I tried. I didn't pay for it but I want my money back anyway. It's time in my life I'll never get back.

I'm surprised even 'Skillup' caved and gave this a good review. He's pitching it from the perspective you'll part with hard earned and precious in this economy, money.

This game has zero fun factor or gameplay elements. 0/10. Not even for free is it worth your time. And for your money? GTFO with that!
  13. @crueltyistruth9787: Thank God I watched this video before playing the game 😅 i deleted it right after this video and downloaded max payne 3 i can say it was a fucking right decision
  14. @matyasselmek3673: This "indie game" is dogshit, and don't come at me with the usual "where is your game" or "you couldn't have made a game with better writing and story" bcs I fucking could.
  15. @chrisfchi: As a soon to be 44 yr old, I can promise you that nothing about that "game" represents growing up in the 90s.
  16. @2ohsiq206: Im convinced the dialogue/story is 99% written by AI which is why its so cringe and unnatural sounding. Industry plant game is an understatement since this is clearly a marketing scheme. They just marketed it as a “game” to get more people interested and “play” it. If this was on Netflix it would have probly done better and better received by people. Also those 10/10 reviews had to have been paid to give those reviews.
  17. @O0obyea: im not even someone born from the 90’s but like I hate it when games or even real people portray teenagers at horny goblins, like not all of us are genuinely weird goons. It makes me fucking itch so bad when people do this when portraying teens in any media.
  18. @FormulaFanboy: Minecraft Story Mode was more of a game than this lmao
  19. @usedforks: This is the quintessential game for game journalists
  20. @Roma-bi7nw: Cookie Clicker has more gameplay than this and you are telling me this got BETTER score than SILKSONG?!

- RWBY Is Disappointing, And Here's Why: Kind: captions Language: en-GB [dramatic music] ♪ ♪ [HBOMB] When it was first announced, "RWBY" seemed like it was gonna be great. It was produced by a darling of independent web content and created by a legendary animation genius and some of his most trusted colleagues and written by two... but even with all this stuff in place, "RWBY's" pretty bad. The basic concept--a 3D anime about monster hunters--is great, and when it tries to flesh this out, there's some really interesting ideas at times, and in brief moments, it's got scenes or segments that suddenly really work, but overall, it's confusing and frustrating, it isn't fun to watch, and no matter how much attention you give it, your attention is only rewarded with more writing or animation problems. It's not, like, the worst show ever made, but "RWBY's" failures matter because it really could have been something, and that makes the parts that were good even sadder because you can always see what it could have been and maybe almost was. I wanna just call this garbage and move on with my life, but it's just not that simple, which is a shame for me. It means I can't use the most popular video title I use when I criticize media. Is this it? Is this gonna be on my fucking gravestone? Eight long years into production with a massive crew by web video standards, and its 8th season on the way-- sorry, volume. They call them volume-- the show has garnered a pretty large following and a super devout fan base, and it's easy to see why. The show frequently threatens to suddenly become good. People saw what it promised and believed it would deliver. The pieces are all still there, and sometimes-- just often enough for people to keep watching-- it looks like they're going to fall into place. But they never have, and it's starting to become clear that they probably never will, and that makes the show infinitely more disappointing than something you could easily say is worse, and the reasons why the show has failed to become what it could have been are multitudinous and interlinked. There's a million distractingly small problems that ultimately aren't that big a deal and weaken real criticism by being given too much attention, and every major problem ties into and is responsible for every other major problem in a way that makes it almost impossible to unpick. "RWBY" may be the first show ever to be holistically bad, but do not despair, fellow believers, in an objective analysis of cartoons. I'm here to defend you and eviscerate "RWBY" with a sword made of logic and reason. It's a metaphorical sword, really. Oh, also, it can turn into a gun because that would be cool. Uh, this is how media criticism works, right? So this time on the increasingly infrequent cries for help my family refuses to believe is my job, I'll be exploring the problems that started in the early years of the show's development, how they set the tone for a show that never quite ended up where it could have been, why it matters that such a promising thing turned out this way, and exactly how and why so many decent ideas can often get misunderstood when writers simply borrow them from other shows they like. I'm focusing primarily on the first three seasons of the show in this video because "RWBY" can be pretty neatly divided into two separate eras, with two different sets of problems that don't fully overlap, and for the purposes of criticism, I intend to treat them as distinct entities in those cases. If you're a fan of the show, you're probably dreading the worst here, although if you're a fan of the second half of the show, you probably already agree with most of what I'm going to say, but in any case, if you like "RWBY" and you still watch this video, I love you, and thank you for joining me on this journey. My goal isn't to make anyone think less of a show, just to think more about it. It's important to be critical of media you enjoy and there is a lot to enjoy about "RWBY," so I hope to give credit where it's due, and in the places that aren't as good, well, that's way more interesting. It's often said that failure is one of the best learning experiences, and in that respect, "RWBY" has a lot of good things to teach. Oh, do we not have a cool animated intro for this video? It's--it's about an anime. It would have been kind of cool. Are we just going with the standard-- f--it's fine. I mean, it's a bit underwhelming but-- hey, do you all remember Rooster Teeth? No, I don't mean AT&T's Warner Media's Otter Media's Rooster Teeth, the company with hundreds of employees that makes podcasts and shows and movies and games. [MAN] Rooster Teeth is starting video game development. [cheers and applause] [HBOMB] [clears throat] I mean Rooster Teeth, the five or so people who made "Red vs. Blue" in their bedroom. [SIMMONS] Hey. [GRIF] Yeah? [SIMMONS] You ever wonder why we're here? [GRIF] It's one of life's great mysteries, isn't it? [HBOMB] Popular on the web in the early years was machinima. People would pose and act characters in games effectively using video games as a medium for making movies. [MAN] Not in my diner, you're no lumberjacks. Didn't you see the sign? It's say, "No lumberjacks!" [MAN] Oh, yeah. I didn't see that sign. [HBOMB] "Red vs. Blue" wasn't the first attempt to make something like this, but it was far and away the most popular one. [SARGE] All right, here's the plan. [booming] [screams] [HBOMB] And it was shockingly successful. People who had no idea what machinima was knew about "Red vs. Blue." How many people could make a show half as good as this using what amounts to a microphone and a copy of "Halo?" I certainly couldn't, and I know, because I tried, and I'm so glad no one saw that. I was saved by not knowing how to upload videos when I was 12. YouTube would simply not accept my Windows Movie Maker file. As a business, 2000's Rooster Teeth were incredibly smart. A tiny team producing a fairly simple show made in a video game engine but managing to promote it and build it into a recognizable brand of its own. The show had merch-- not "Halo" merch, but "Red vs. Blue" merch. Rooster Teeth had done what was basically impossible and successfully built a business making machinima. Not even Machinima did that. So, yeah, well done to Burnie Burns and the rest of the team. Anyway, then it kept going for, like, a decade while I wasn't looking. No, really. They're still making "Red vs. Blue" over at Rooster Teeth. Did you know that? Can you conceive of the idea that a show you had fun with in your bedroom when you were in high school is 17 seasons deep? I found that out while I was working on this video and a friend told me that they're on season 17. It's still hitting me. Why haven't they stopped? Well, it's not because the creators of "Red vs. Blue" had 17 years of ideas in them. Rooster Teeth isn't a small company whose people can do what they want creatively anymore. They've been bought. They're part of a large conglomerate now, and their work isn't just a show they like making for fun because they had a nice idea. It's an intellectual property with a capital I and P, and they're gonna keep making it for as long as it theoretically makes money no matter how little anyone wants to make it. [MONTY] As Burnie has always said, as long as people like it, we will keep making it. [MAN] Yeah. [MONTY] So shut the fuck up. [GUS] And even once you hate it, even once you're-- you're totally fed up with it and you're like, "Just stop," we'll still be there. [MONTY] Milk the shit out of it. Every penny is-- [chuckles] [HBOMB] Meanwhile, in another corner of the Internet, another form of early web #content was being produced. A guy named Monty Oum was putting 3D animations of some incredibly cool fights on the Internet on places like early YouTube and deviantART and GameTrailers. God, remember GameTrailers? Oh, I feel so old now. His most long-running work was the "Dead Fantasy" series-- short fights featuring the female characters from "Dead or Alive" and "Final Fantasy." These animations are still really cool. They're basically just characters you know from stuff fighting, but that's all they have to be. The fights feel desperate, violent, impactful, cool, fast, and incredibly technical. There's nothing quite as good as these at the things these are doing, but perhaps the most well-known Monty animation was released in 2007. It was called "Haloid." "Haloid" is utterly fantastic. "Halo" man beats up hundreds of "Halo" aliens but then "Metroid" man turns up and they fight, but then it turns out "Metroid" man is a girl and then they fight each other again-- and also more aliens-- in a big sequence so epic, only music taken directly from "The Matrix Reloaded's" Burly Brawl scene could possibly do it justice, and they even pay homage to some scenes from that fight while they're at it. They blow all the aliens up and escape, reenacting another cool scene from "The Matrix Reloaded" in the process, that "Halo" man was also a girl. Oh, my God! And then they watched the sun set. Ah. That's nice. Maybe I'm being overly sentimental about some animated fights, but the late great Monty Oum was basically a genius at what he did. The guy passed away really tragically and suddenly in 2015, but the body of work he left behind is genuinely fantastic and inspirational. It's fascinating to me that stuff Monty made for fun for free in a couple of weeks is infinitely more dynamic and fun and engaging than stuff real big budget animation productions have put together. I can barely think of a handful of things that even remotely compare. For a time, Rooster Teeth and Monty Oum were just their own things off in their own corners if the Internet, but then-- 2010, PAX-- Rooster Teeth premiere a new episode of "Red vs. Blue." It's standard fare for the show, really. Familiar characters, familiar engine limitations, cute meta jokes about how nerfed the pistol was in the new "Halo" game. [SARGE] You know, these things aren't quite as effective as they used to be. [WASHINGTON] Drop it. Now. [HBOMB] But then... [engine rumbling] [WASHINGTON] Do I hear a... Car? [GRIF] How's my bumper taste, asshole? [crowd laughing] Uh-oh. [applause] [HBOMB] I wasn't there when this happened, but I remember going as wild as this crowd did when I saw this episode online. [epic music playing] [audience cheering] [SARGE] See? Told you I'd get it back. [HBOMB] The limitations of the "Halo" games had been broken. Who could be behind-- ah, who am I kidding? You know who's behind it. You've guessed this bit. [BURNIE] We saw a short film called "Haloid" by a gentleman by the name of Monty Oum. And we were extremely impressed by what we saw. This is if you haven't seen it before. It's a--it's a piece where Master Chief fights Metroid. [HBOMB] Wow, Burnie. Video game knowledge check fail. It's Sergeant Metroid. Have some respect for the troops. Monty had been hired in secret by Rooster Teeth to work on animation for the new season of "Red vs. Blue." For almost ten years now, I've been so in love with how they introduce him. He's literally in the audience and they say, "Hey, Monty's here now," and he just gets up and joins in as the fourth panelist. It's excellent showmanship and also just really kind of beautiful. So now in "Red vs. Blue," there was suddenly tons of interesting and creative animated sequences, and when some kind of fight was going to happen, instead of being in-engine characters standing and shooting at each other and being kind of boring, it'd be a Monty Oum fight. These sequences really added a lot to the series. [laughs] All right, now you're just showing off. [BURNIE] Well, that's if you think we like doing team up stuff, right? And we found Monty on the Internet. Here's something he's doing that's really cool that we can't do, so we're just gonna come together and make something cool. [HBOMB] As they grew, they expanded their production of other shows and podcasts and became a media entity which would eventually be worthy of the ultimate prize: being bought and turned into a subsidiary of a larger media conglomerate. However, their biggest show and Monty's animations were still technically just fan works of someone else's intellectual property. Monty and the others clearly wanted to paint on a bigger canvas and have a fresh start. Monty wanted to create something as expressive and unique and stylish as the anime and video games that had inspired him. [BURNIE] Monty and I are working on right now a whole series that's just not machinima at all. It's just animation stuff. [MONTY] Right. [BURNIE] And we were throwing around ideas for that. [HBOMB] This show would turn out to be called "R-W-B-Y" and the first of four trailers for the series was released with the conclusion of "Red vs. Blue" season 10. [GUS] But, uh, "RWBY," which we finally showed a trailer for at the conclusion of "Red vs. Blue" season 10 last night-- [MAN] Fuck yeah. [MONTY] We're fucking excited. It's--it's awesome. [HBOMB] Now, obviously, I'm kind of biased against this show. I'm making a whole video about why I didn't like it. Keep this in mind when I say that "RWBY's" "Red" trailer fucking owns. [Jeff William's "Red Like Roses"] It's an extravaganza of violence, visual style, speed, timing. This is one of the most fantastic things ever. Everyone who saw this flipped the fuck out! Holy shit, it's a scythe that turns into a gun! [squeals] The "Red" trailer has 15 million views on YouTube. That's more than any episode of "RWBY." The first episode has 14 million views, and just for the record, uh, the second episode has 6.8. The only things on Rooster Teeth's channel with more views are the really cool Monty fight from "Red vs. Blue" season eight which I already showed-- which they uploaded on its own separately from the show because they knew it was amazing-- a joke "Angry Birds" movie trailer that went viral twice-- you know, once when it came out and then again when actual trailers for the actual real "Angry Birds" movie started coming out-- and a "Minecraft" let's play because of course. The trailer is very simple. This red character visits a grave then gets accosted by werewolves before fighting and killing dozens of them, but it's so much more than that. It's so cool-looking, so good-feeling to watch, and just so alive with motion that it sells the show right away. You immediately want to see more of it and know what's going on in this world. Welcome back, by the way. I'm saying that because half the people watching this video remembered the "Red" trailer while I was talking about it and paused to go watch it again. Another thing I wanna bring up while we're here is that this is the best piece of music Jeff Williams has ever composed. Jeff had been doing music for Rooster Teeth since early in the "Red vs. Blue" days and while he was clearly talented, there wasn't much room in "Red vs. Blue" most of the time for his music to shine, and this trailer really gives him the chance to do that and he clearly latched onto it like a limpet. The song in this trailer introduces a really powerful motif. It's this bit here. [dramatic melody playing] It has a surprising amount of versatility. It gets used later in this fight in a much more intense variation. [dramatic music quickens] This sound will basically be "RWBY's"-- both the show and the character's-- central theme for the rest of the series. They knew they had something great with this and they just went with it. The "White" trailer introduces us to a character called Weiss who appears to be a singer and inter-cuts her singing with a sequence where she fights a giant knight with a rapier with a revolver in the handle. She has more of a magic-oriented fight style and the fight's pretty good. I really like how expressive the visuals are in these first two trailers. The world is stark colors and the lighting is harsh. The backgrounds here and blacks and whites. It's hard to tell if the events of the trailer are literal or if this is a liminal space and the knight represents something. I like the red on the inside of her dress and boots, too. It really pops out and makes the whole visual design work. They've really committed to making the character one color but giving them just enough of other stuff that it stands out even more. Weiss's singing is done by Casey Lee Williams-- Jeff Williams's daughter, who was 15 at the time. Casey's clearly pretty talented, so it works. Weiss wins and it fades back to her singing for the audience, but the wound she got in the fight fades to a scar. Did she get it in this fight, or from something else? Ooh, mysterious. The "Black" trailer introduces us to... writing and voice acting. [man speaking absurdly quietly] [HBOMB] I'm sorry, what? I'll turn that up for you. [MAN] Blake. It's time. [HBOMB] Oh, God, I shouldn't have turned it up. They anime ninja run over to catch a train snaking through this beautifully-designed red forest. Inside the train is a cool fight with evil robots. Yeah! The fight's pretty good. Blake's weapon is a sword whose holster is another bigger sword and they're connected by a string or something. Also, it--it can turn into a gun. Uh, it looks neat, but I couldn't tell you exactly what it does. I like it, though. The music in this trailer has lyrics, too, sung again by Casey Lee Williams. The singing is--well, this time she's being pushed to sing aggressive anime fight music. [CASEY] ♪ Above the darkness and the shame ♪ ♪ Above the torture and the pain ♪ ♪ Above the ridicule and hate ♪ [HBOMB] [groans] The fight is cool, though. I don't think it's as cool as the "Red" trailer because it's set in or on a train so the fight sequences are in a rectangular box or basically just a straight line. It's hard to have creative movements and camerawork in that setup. It's a bit of a limitation. Halfway through, we get the first proper story beat of our whole show. - [MAN] Perfect. - [HBOMB] [groans] [MAN] I'll set the chargers. [BLAKE] What about the crew members? [MAN] What about them? [HBOMB] Oh, I think he might be a bad guy. This is the beginning of a writing problem which starts here and continues to plague the show until, uh-- actually, it hasn't stopped yet. When you have a character straight up say, "I don't care about killing civilians," to someone's face, what you're doing is having a character openly admit they've been written to be the bad guy and that's incredibly weird because they've written monsters into the setting that are just generically evil and want to destroy humanity because that's in their nature, so it's very weird that the actual characters that you wrote behave like that, too. Anyway, they get attacked by a robot, and the guy cuts it apart in a genuinely really cool shot, but then he gets to the front of the car and Blake says goodbye and cuts the car free leaving him behind obviously having a problem with his being okay with killing innocent people, and I guess this is the first time she's noticed this about him. And as she disappears into the distance, and the colors really beautifully fade away so she's alone in a void and we're given a meaningful impression of her emotional state, the audience is struck with one lingering thought. He can make that jump. In the "Yellow" trailer, we're introduced to Yang, a character based on Goldilocks. So we have Red Riding Hood, Snow White, Goldilocks, and, uh-- this one isn't really clear yet, but trust me. We'll get to it. It's-- [scoffs] Yang goes to a bar whose soundtrack is a remix of the theme from the "Red" trailer. [melodic tones and rhythmic thumping] It's neat. She beats up the manager over whether he's seen someone in a picture, and she's written like two adult men who've never written anything professionally before except for "Red vs. Blue" trying to write a teenage girl. Weirdly specific impression, there. [YANG] Oh, Junior, I was just playing with you. Don't be so sensitive. Come on. Let's kiss and make up, okay? [HBOMB] But after two minutes, she punches the guy, and a fight starts, and the trailer gets really good. Her weapons are gloves that unfold into fist guns. Yang's design and basic fighting style seem very evocative of Tifa from "Final Fantasy VII," a character Monty previously liked to use a lot in "Dead Fantasy." It kinda makes sense that some of the characters are designed around characters he previously liked animating, but now they're his own characters that he has total control over. Yang has three back-to-back cool fights against a gang of guys who all dress like Jim Sterling, two ladies who I guess are bodyguards or something, and then against the guy she punched earlier. She punches him with so much power that the screen gets a Photoshop filter over it and when she lands outside the bar, Ruby is there. [RUBY] Yang? Is that you? [HBOMB] Oh, no. Is that how she talk-- The writing and voice acting could do with some refining, and some of Jeff's musical decisions could be dialed back just a little bit, but basically these trailers are some of the coolest possible trailers for a cartoon ever. Like, if you showed me every trailer for every cartoon and asked me which one I'd want to see at the end of that, of course I'd pick "Loonatics Unleashed." I mean, seriously, this is fucking insane. Why would anyone make this? I have to know! But at a very close second I'd pick this one. Literally millions of people have gone back to watch the "Red" trailer again and looking at view figures, they've done that instead of watching more of the actual show. They're not just amazing teasers for a show. They're just good. It's so hard not to be on board for the show these trailers are pointing to. They imply a show that's going to be utterly, fantastically tremendous. But then it came out, and it was bad. [tense music] Oh, you're still here. Right. So, "RWBY" isn't as simple as a bad show, is it? It's a bad show which could have been something. Something truly amazing, and that makes its problems infinitely more interesting and important to explore, and it's especially worth doing because the show's creators do try to be receptive to criticism. W--well, they try, but this manifests in a strange way I'd like to discuss real quick. The writers have talked on podcasts, commentary tracks, panels, and so on about the ways people have been shitty about the show, and how important it is to not be an asshole when you're criticizing something. [MILES] People will make a comment-- maybe it's, like, a criticism or something-- and you go, "Oh, okay, yeah. That's a fair-- that's a fair critique," but you don't wanna listen to them because of the way they said it. [HBOMB] Which is something I think most people agree with. [MAN] It's really tough when, uh, you get a criticism that you actually agree with but you think was expressed in an incredibly insensitive and rude way, because you never want to reward harassment like that. That's not the way that you get things. Like, it's just not. [HBOMB] I really get what he's saying here, and, yeah, plenty of criticism of the show is worthless dog shit. For some reason, this show seems to attract people who need excuses to yell at cartoon women, but I'm having a hard time finding more than one or two decent examples of times they've really explored actual criticisms of the show, and the fact the show keeps making the same mistakes implies they kinda don't. I've seen the writers sometimes quote retweet someone being shitty about the show and responding to this behavior, and again, often what they're saying is correct. If you have a point but you're an asshole about it, no one will want to listen to you. I basically agree completely with what Miles is saying here, but he appears to spend a significant amount less time responding to the kinds of criticism he says he wants to see, and there is good faith criticism out there, so stepping over them to point at bad faith criticisms and complain about how they're not helpful means that functionally, all you're doing is rewarding shitty people with time and attention you then don't spend engaging with the people who make the decent criticisms of your work, and as a lifelong fan of Rooster Teeth and Monty Oum, I certainly hope it's clear that my criticism comes from a well-meaning place. I'm only here because I really thought the show could have been great, and I still think that maybe it could be. Hey, see? The chapel wasn't just here to be a reference to that scene from "Kingsman." It was also a clever metaphor for my intent to make a good faith criticism. [all groaning] Hey, come on. I thought it was clev--wait. Is that--is an intro playing now? Hasn't it been, like, 20 minutes? [KATREE] ♪ Deep down inside a voice cries ♪ ♪ That tells you what's inside your heart ♪ ♪ The world is frozen you've been chosen ♪ ♪ We must all now try to make a start ♪ ♪ It's time for revolution tear it all apart ♪ ♪ So please tell me ♪ ♪ Please tell me why Hbomberguy's disappointed ♪ ♪ By an anime reach for the sky ♪ ♪ Hbomberguy's gonna tell us why "RWBY" is lame ♪ ♪ "RWBY," "RWBY," "RWBY, "RWBY" "RWBY" sucks ♪ [HBOMB] "RWBY" is about a girl who goes to anime warrior school after getting invited by the ominous and enigmatic headmaster Sephiroth Dumbledore, and Ruby and her sister and new friends mess about doing plot lines that don't go anywhere for a few years while the show decides what it's story actually is. Okay, wait. We're getting ahead of ourselves. I wanted to start this video by doing the thing all the smart video essayists are doing nowadays where they sum up the plot of the thing they're analyzing in a funny way that lays the groundwork for future critique, but trying to delve into and describe the deeper story problems misses the surface problem that there basically isn't one. There's a really telling scene at the end of the second season where the main characters sit around discussing the events of the show so far and conclude that they don't really know what's happening or why and haven't figured anything out yet. [RUBY] We didn't solve everything. A lot of people were hurt and we still don't even know why they did this or who that mystery girl was. [HBOMB] The show attempts to justify this, though. [WEISS] Not every story has a neat and tidy ending. [HBOMB] Stories don't have to make sense or go anywhere. Now, to a certain extent, this is an okay point to make. Like, in real life, things don't have arcs or necessarily lead anywhere, but if 28 episodes into your story you're ending a season on a character giving what amounts to a justification for the story not mattering, maybe the plot could have done with some more work. The dog mimicking Yang is really cute, though, so at least there's that. [RUBY] Uh, time for bed? [WEISS] Oh, please. [BLAKE] Absolutely. [YANG] Yes. [HBOMB] This is the season two finale. "We don't know what the story is. Nap time." Almost all of our main characters don't find out what the actual story that's going on actually is until about halfway through season four where someone tells them while sitting around a campfire. "RWBY's" story is one of those stories that I like to call theoretically interesting, where, like, if you read it on Wikipedia it would sound really cool, and in the show, there are plenty of times where the characters sit you down and tell you what the story was "Oh, that's actually really interesting. I wish I'd seen some of that." But in the actual episodes of the show you get to see, not much happens at all. So to hone in on why the story ended up like this, we're gonna have to explore how the show was made. Monty Oum was the main creator of "RWBY," but it seems like he didn't do much of the writing himself. In interviews, Monty and the rest of Rooster Teeth have been up front that Monty's not that interested in the writing part of making a show. [BURNIE] And we do stuff like writing characters and story lines and stuff that he doesn't really-- I don't know if he's just not interested in it, but he doesn't do it. He likes all the animation. [MONTY] Yes. [HBOMB] Monty was more of a visual story teller and seems to prefer to have writers do the writing part, which means the show has some other important creators-- Miles Luna and Kerry Shawcross. [MAN] "RWBY" is being--it's directed by Monty Oum, uh, and then, uh, Monty, Kerry, and myself are the lead writers for the show. [HBOMB] Kerry had done some editing and compositing work on "Red vs. Blue" and Miles had done machinimating like the head bobbing to the recorded dialogue on season nine. He then wrote 13 minutes-worth of mini series and helped co-write season ten. [MILES] Writing on "RWBY" was a lot of fun. [KERRY] It was a--it was a-- it was a lot of fun to make. [MILES] It was really scary because it was essentially the first time that either of us had ever written anything-- [HBOMB] Oh, I appear to have accidentally paused that clip. [KERRY] Written anything original, yeah. [MILES] On this--yeah, on this scale especially, too. [KERRY] On this scale, for sure, yeah. [HBOMB] There's a fourth really important team member who often goes unmentioned even though he's in the credits of "RWBY" from even the first trailer: Shane Newville. He was a close friend of Monty's and the two collaborated quite a lot on stuff. He'd worked with him on the animated parts [DUSTIN] Monty or Shane will choreograph fights or whatever sequences. [HBOMB] And he's made some great stuff on his own. Monty first came up with some of the basic concepts for "RWBY" while eating in an IHOP with Shane. He doesn't get credited very often for his role in the making of the series, but some of the best animated moments were made by him. So Monty came up with the basic ideas for "RWBY's" world and characters and story and then brought on Kerry and Miles as writers and Shane as another animator. [MONTY] The kind of thing we wanna deliberate on and put more thought into is, like, the plot and character, and that's the stuff that Miles and Kerry's been helping me with. [MAN] Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah! [MONTY] So, like, um-- [HBOMB] Monty, Kerry, and Miles appear to have worked together to come up with a basic outline of the plot and setting, but most importantly for Monty, the action sequences that were going to happen and when in the story they happened, and then Monty, Shane, and maybe a few others went off to start work on the action scenes, in doing so, crafting some of the most cool and elaborate action sequences ever made. Meanwhile, the writers and the rest of the animation team put together the rest of the scenes. [MILES] Eventually the three of us all decided on a few set rules and characters and, um, story ideas that we wanted to stick to. Monty's working on, like, action and, like, the design and the look of the show, and he kinda had us go off and start writing, uh, the first episode. - [KERRY] Yeah. - [HBOMB] This division of work does seem to make sense on the surface. However, something Miles is being nice and not mentioning is that sometimes Monty would just disappear and then come up with new characters, story elements, and action sequences which the writers would then suddenly have to make room for in their script. More on that later, but for now, generally speaking, Monty and Shane did the fights, Kerry and Miles wrote the words, and another team of animators put together the non-action scenes. [MONTY] The three of us would have a lot of meetings and collaborate on the show to the point where I just started coming up with the broad strokes eventually and they would--they had pretty much written the br-- uh, the--the bulk of the show. [HBOMB] So in Monty's own words, the bulk of the show is written by these writers. To a certain extent, it's a bit like if "Dead Fantasy" was a full animated series with writers hired to connect the dots and explain and justify the fights that were happening, so there's a lot of good places to start when analyzing the show's writing process, but the best place is probably the very beginning of the show. I know, right? I'm a genius. The opening of "RWBY" really doesn't set up the story too well, but it does set up the writing problems we'll go on to see throughout the story in a useful way. "RWBY" begins with a very simplistic-looking introductory animation explaining the basic setting of the world with the slight problem that it doesn't actually do that at all. All it actually says is there's man and also dangerous monsters that want to eat them up called Grimm--as in "Grimms' Fairy Tales" which is kind of cute-- and then man discovered Dust-- a magical substance-- well, magical-ish. We'll get to that later-- which can be used to defeat them in some vague way. [NARRATOR] This power was appropriately named Dust. [HBOMB] Why is that an appropriate name? Hang on. [NARRATOR] Man, born from dust, was strong, wise, and resourceful. [HBOMB] Okay, so it's called Dust because we, like, came from dust, man. And that's the intro. You'd think they'd explain a little bit more about the world itself or what the setting is like, and as they zoom out on a world map, you briefly see four castles, so what's going on there? Are they countries? But before you can be told anything more important than Dust, they evaporate, and we transition to the first real scene of the story. The intro doesn't share information which might have been really good to know going in so people aren't confused when it suddenly comes up later. For example, there's a third species separate from humans or Grimm called the Faunus, whose existence and treatment by humans is supposedly one of the driving elements of the entire plot. The first time this plot element-- or even what a Faunus is-- comes up is about 11 episodes into the show. [YANG] It must be hard to be a Faunus. [HBOMB] Your first reaction to a core plot point is, "To be a what? What's that?" The Faunus are mentioned once at the end of episode one on TV when a piece of concept art briefly brings up something called the Faunus protests. [REPORTER] This Saturday's Faunus civil rights protests turned dark. [HBOMB] But before they can actually tell you what that is, it cuts out and then they don't come up again until near the end of the season, so it's almost like a surprise when they come back up. For another example, in "RWBY's" setting, every character has a power called a Semblance-- an ability completely unique to them. What a Semblance is or the fact they exist at all or how this universe's version of magic even works isn't mentioned in the slightest in the opening where that might have been nice, and the name Semblance isn't even said in the show until episode four... teen. 14. Sorry, I stuttered. The four kingdoms and their relationships with each other and their fragile peace barely comes up until that peace is fractured in season three where you suddenly learn as it's happening that this peace was incredibly easy to fracture and was hanging by a thread. [WOMAN] Our kingdoms are at the brink of war. [HBOMB] Wait, what? Are they? What's happening? These all would have been really useful to know going into the story or at least should be properly set up at some point and not just dumped on you the instant they become relevant, but instead, basic aspects of the setting start to feel almost like twists when they suddenly come up multiple hours in with no groundwork laid for you whatsoever, and the main opportunity to set some of this stuff up and get the audience on the same narrative page-- the intro--gets thrown away to give you a commercial for Dust. Why? Well, the first scene in the show is the main villain of the first season robbing a Dust store and Ruby fighting them. Now, in abstract, this opening scene itself is a fine idea. It's a very common and punchy way to start a story-- have a crime happen and the main character stopping it. It's immediately engaging, it draws the viewer in with action and stakes, and it's a strong way of establishing the primary hero and villain of a story. Now, they could be robbing a bank or a convenience store or a gas station or a jewelry store or an analog for these things that's appropriate to the setting, but the decision was made to have it be a dust store, and this is a decent choice, It's an important thing within the setting. However, this does pose a problem for your audience, because now you're opening on the attempted theft of a fantasy resource which has no point of easy comparison to anything in real life. You know how everyone knows what the One Ring is, because it's a ring that has evil magical properties so you kind of get it? Not quite as many people engaged with the Silmarils, did they? God, even admitting I know what that is embarrasses me. If you just opened on this robbery without the intro, people would get the gist of robbery and girl stopping them, but not what Dust is, or what it does or why it's so important, but you kind of have to start with the Dust store because it's a unique place for the setting which could be interesting if it's pulled off well, and the plan of the main villain for this season is that he's stealing all the Dust from everywhere, so it's economically good storytelling to open on one of those attempted thefts. So in order for everyone to know what Dust is and why it's important, the intro animation for the entire series was either written or rewritten to primarily focus on explaining Dust which is a tremendously poor idea because now nothing else is explained. When it comes down to it, there's stuff much more important to set up in the story than some guy robbing a store. Compounding this is that the plot of the entire first season is this bad guy-- "Clockwork Orange" Man-- is trying to steal Dust. Well, you'll find out in season never because they dropped that plot point. I'm not even kidding. They changed their mind about the plot so none of this matters. So, yeah, on top of the obviously quite large problem that the writers didn't know what their story was going to be until after they'd finished writing a season of it, the chance to set up and explain the wider setting so people know a little more is squandered in order to explain why the next scene is supposed to be important, and then it turns out not to be anyway. This is the opposite of economical storytelling. This is expensive storytelling. This jumbled mess of ideas, plot decisions, intro priorities, and later changes makes the intro feel like a first draft that they couldn't change. In the commentary track they talk a lot about how cool it was that they got the voice actress for Cortana from "Halo" to do the opening voice over, and it seems like she might have had a pretty busy schedule so I have the sinking feeling that they wrote the intro and then recorded it and then realized that maybe it could have done with some more work and it was too late. That's--that's just my speculation there, though. But this stuff needs to be the strongest because it's the best chance you have to sell an audience on your setting and story. The only thing really holding up its end here is Monty's fight with the robbers, which is really good, and also the transition to the fight from the scene in the store employs a really cool technique I love called shifting diagesis, because you think that you're just hearing the music, but it's actually playing on Ruby's headphones. [CASEY] ♪ Welcome to a world of bloody evolution-- ♪ [button clicks] [HBOMB] That and the fight are really cool and because of the intro being not being super great, I think it's the only thing that really hooks people in in the first few minutes. No one's watching the intro and going, "Oh, wow, Dust. Sold." The show ends up having a lot of interesting ideas but those ideas are executed on and explained to you extremely poorly in a way that really lets the show down. I'm gonna say this right now. "RWBY's" story gets interesting. "RWBY" is a really fun show to write a wiki about. There's some great stuff in there over the years but the storytelling only gets worse, and the setting is one of the most poorly communicated the world had ever seen before "Bright" came out. Let's talk about world building, and more importantly, how you convey that world to the viewer. I think lots of good fiction stories for young adults try to do is craft a story where you learn how things work without being explicitly told. The setting of, say, "Avatar--" to pick a completely random example-- doesn't tell you exactly how everything works because this world is normal to the people living in it, so no one would need to stop and ask what's going on. Sometimes you meet people who can throw fire at you and that's just not that surprising. There's a nation full of people who can do that, and, hey, you probably have a relative who can throw rocks without touching them. That's life, man. So for the sake of the audience, the story is written so that unique aspects of the world come up in ways where the audience learns how things work. [KATARA] It's waterbending, and it's-- [SOKKA] Yeah, yeah, an ancient art unique to our culture, blah, blah, blah. [HBOMB] This example from the first episode is a little clumsy and obvious compared to the rest of the show, but it's really solid exposition especially for a show that children might be watching. You now know what waterbending is and that it's unique to a culture and that this is all so normal in this world that even teenagers are casually dismissive about this information, and you learn all of this without even feeling like you're being told. You think you're just watching two siblings arguing about how to catch a fish, you fucking idiot, but you're secretly having the main concepts of the world explained to you. It's clever. Katara's trying to catch a fish with waterbending, but in real life, the viewer is the fish out of water. [gun cocks] Who let you in here? [gunshot] I once heard someone smarter than me calling this naturalistic storytelling. The story never condescends to its audience by pausing to tell you how the world works. Instead, it just tells the story in a way that makes it easier to understand how it works, but if you're a talentless hack, there are other ways of writing exposition. In, say, "Harry Potter," Harry is a person from our world learning about a much more magical one hidden behind his own, so the viewer is told how some things work by way of Harry learning because Harry doesn't know and needs to be told, so we get scenes where people tell Harry how the world works. Now, I personally think it's better to discover things without having the character just be told, but a lot of "Harry Potter" takes place at a school so almost all interesting storytelling is kept to a minimum. "Harry Potter" isn't as good as when you read it as a child. The hottest take of 2014. The exposition in "RWBY" is, well-- there's a character in the story called Jaune-- Jaune Arc. Do you get it? Who inexplicably doesn't know basic elements of the setting he lives in, and at several points early in the story, another character takes him aside to tell him how things work. [PYRRHA] Do you know what Aura is? [HBOMB] For example, in an early scene, this character Pyrrha explains Aura to him. She gives a long speech about how Aura is a manifestation of your spiritual energy-- nay, your soul. Basically, you have a shield for a while in fights like in "Halo." I guess old habits die hard. [PYRRHA] Aura is the manifestation of our soul. It bears our burdens and shields our-- Have you ever felt like you were being watch-- Our Aura can be our shield. Everyone has it, even anima-- The monsters we fight lack a soul. [Pyrrha's speech overlapping inaudibly] [JAUNE] Right. [irritating incomprehensible speech continues] It's like a force field! [HBOMB] Okay, Miles, Kerry, you just made your whole audience sit through that exposition. You can't then make a joke about how simple the explanation could have been. Also, when you're doing exposition, you still have to think about the character who's saying it and why. You know, Pyrrha's a teenager. Young adults don't tend to walk around with entire speeches about how their world works prepared in case someone asks. That's just really strange characterization. It's also really strange writing-wise for Jaune to not know this. Jaune is the latest in the long line of heroic monster hunters and is in anime warrior school because he wants to live up to this legacy. [JAUNE] My father, my grandfather, and his father before him were all warriors. They were all heroes. I wanted to be one, too. [HBOMB] There's no way he didn't at some point pick up this concept growing up or in training, or, you know, it is a core aspect of, like, life in this world. Jaune's character not knowing is such poor characterization that it literally doesn't make sense. You know, in "Harry Potter," Harry was a literal child who was deliberately sheltered from magic all his life so his not knowing stuff was explained by the story. That's kind of the only way this expository style works. You have to incorporate them not knowing into the character or it doesn't make sense. If you want to explain one of the world's mechanics, it's not great to do it by having a character whose whole life revolves around knowing this information not know it and for the first person he ever asks about it to happen to have a speech prepared. Jaune's idiocy is often used to try to make hilarious jokes about man not know thing. [JAUNE] There's no way I put my gear in locker 636 yesterday. I would have remembered having to count that high. [HBOMB] Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha-- but more than for a joke, it's also a vehicle for someone to have an excuse to give really straightforward- sounding exposition for the audience. In the scene where Jaune first meets Pyrrha, Weiss tells him who Pyrrha is. - [WEISS] This is Pyrrha. - [PYRRHA] Hello again. [WEISS] Pyrrha graduated top of her class at Sanctum. - [JAUNE] Never heard of it. - [Weiss scoffs] [HBOMB] Do you know who Pyrrha is? Let me tell you-- an also the viewer-- who she is and list some of her accomplishments. [WEISS] She's one the Mistral regional tournaments four years in a row; a new record. [JAUNE] The what? [HBOMB] It's not just that Jaune's characterization suffers from him being written to be literally born yesterday. It's that everyone else's characterization suffers, too, when they essentially have to pause being their own characters in order to explain the story to someone. Pyrrha in my opinion is one of the most interesting characters but so much of the time she could have spent, like, being interesting or doing something interesting is spent obsessed with teaching Jaune everything he needs to know and how to fight. I've seen people call this show progressive and feminist because it has a lot of female main characters but looking at how they're written, I don't think I can agree there. This strong female character is basically immediately reduced to doing all of the emotional and physical labor for this guy. A huge portion of the early show's screen time is dedicated not to the main characters of "RWBY" who the show is named for but to Jaune-- the real main character-- getting trained and explained to and flirted with by Pyrrha, the coolest girl in school. Incidentally, Jaune is voiced by Miles Luna, the lead writer of the show. - [MONTY] Hey, Pyrrha. - [MILES] 'Sup, girl? - How you doing? - [Monty laughs] - [MILES] She's so pretty. - [MAN] Closely. [MILES] She's so pretty. - [MAN] Yeah. [HBOMB] So even while having a comic relief character who doesn't know things he definitely would so people can explain it to him, the show is still struggling for good opportunities to explain the setting and plot. Luckily for exposition's sake-- but not the viewers'-- they have--like "Harry Potter--" set a majority of the early show in a school so often the viewer is in a literal classroom being lectured to, and no, it doesn't become fun when the characters in the scene are bored of it, too. However, because they're trying to make the exposition naturalistic, you're also expected to immediately grasp multiple abstract concepts that aren't explained at all. Take, for example, Semblances. What's a Semblance? Okay, well, they're not magic. Something the show is very careful to explain is that they're not magic because people don't think magic is real in this setting. [WEISS] We have Dust, Semblances, but, I mean, there's no such thing as magic. [HBOMB]To them Semblances are normal and magic would be really weird, but just for my own entertainment, three of the things I just showed you were Semblances, and one of them was magic. Good luck figuring out which is which without being explicitly told by the story. Every character in "RWBY" has one really unique special ability. Blake can leave shadow clones behind and use Dust to augment their elemental abilities. Uh, Yang can go Super Saiyan and get more powerful when she's angry, but then later, they re-explained that it's her getting stronger as she gets hurt more. Like, she channels the damage. [WEISS] With each hit she gets stronger and she uses that energy to fight back. [HBOMB] Then later they change it again to how it is her getting angry. Her father calls it basically a temper tantrum. [MAN] Basically [HBOMB] Oh, and then they change it back again in volume six. [BLAKE] His Semblance is like yours. He absorbs energy through his swords, stores it up, and then sends it back when he's ready. [HBOMB] So if you're confused about how the main characters' Semblances actually work, it's okay. So were the writers. This isn't just me nitpicking. This lack of internal logic when it comes to something even as simple as one of our four main characters' abilities makes the show very confusing to watch. When you're watching Yang fighting, you don't know whether to feel if she's actually in trouble or if she's waiting to unleash her power, and that means it's kinda hard to ever really know what level of danger one of your main characters is in, and that really sucks. Oh, also another expository problem is in this scene, too. A guy who can move this quickly is currently fighting Yang. He's just off screen while this is happening. Did he stop so Blake can tell Yang his Semblance? Is he just waiting for the exposition to finish? Listen, guys, I'm not trying to be mean but, like, show one other person your script before you're done. Like, just show it to one pers-- Ruby's power is she can move really quickly and turns into a weird orb made of cloth and rose petals as she does it. Weiss can make symbols appear that either lock things in place or stick people to things but also she can summon monsters, but this isn't magic. It's not magic. Glynda Goodwitch--yeah, really clever-- can--well, she can basically do magic. Like, control things and shoot energy and put broken thing back together and instantly kill monsters, but it's not magic! And Pyrrha is basically magnet man from X-Men. So this is a totally cool thing to put in your fantasy setting. It's very shonen anime. It really fits. It's a fine idea, so how is this explained to you by the story? Well, uh, they don't. The intro doesn't mention it along with most things, and for the vast majority of the first season, it's not mentioned at all. You see some crazy magical-looking stuff happening and you assume based on people's reactions that some people can do magic in this world and that's fine, but then 14 episodes into the show, Pyrrha saves Jaune's life by manipulating his shield from afar with her magnet man powers-- which we didn't know she had until this moment, either, by the way--and all the other characters react to this as if it's a crazy unique thing. [RUBY] Uh, what? [HBOMB] Despite tons of magical shit happening before that and one of the people in this scene surprised by Pyrrha's power can seemingly also do magic and they have this conversation about it. - [WEISS] How did you-- - [PYRRHA] Well, Ruby has her speed. You have your glyphs. My Semblance is polarity. [HBOMB] This is the first time in the show anyone has mentioned Semblances. This just happens. Nobody watching the show knows what that word means yet. So then-- [hands smacking] Bam, right as you're maybe getting to grips with everything else you've been told, brushed up on your in-show "RWBY" 101 classes, it turns out fundamental things you thought you knew about the setting--like that there's magic and that's fine-- were lies! And actually, every single character in the world has one unique thing they can do with its own special name that is explicitly not the same thing as magic, but just to fuck with you, magic does also exist in addition to all this. The idea's completely fine, but this is not how you convey it to an audience. This scene is supposed to be about Jaune's personal growth as a character, but instead, first-time viewers are gonna be going, "Hang on. I thought people could just do magic." Imagine if the first time anyone said "bending" in "Avatar: The Last Airbender" was 14 episodes in. But in addition, Pyrrha also specifically is keeping her Semblance a secret. [RUBY] We could have told him what happened. [PYRHHA] We could. Or perhaps we could just keep it our little secret. [GIRL] She doesn't broadcast her powers, so it puts her opponents at a disadvantage. [HBOMB] But then later when some other characters figure out what her power is, they call it by the same name. [GIRL] Her Semblance is polarity. [HBOMB] So it's a secret but everyone knows the specific name of Pyrrha's ability without needing to be told it once they see her do it? What I'm trying to say is Semblances are kind of a semi-complicated concept to just drop on people. They don't have to be. There are tons of shows and anime where every character has a unique ability of some sort. There's this great narrative technique that a lot of anime utilizes nowadays where they explain what is happening in them. In "JoJo's Bizarre Adventure," almost every main character has a power called a Stand, but the way they introduce it is they have a character getting confused by these weird powers he has and then two other characters turn up to explain what a Stand is to him so he gets it, thus helping to ensure that you also know how Stands work so that the audience knows what's happening in the story. So, yeah, it's not like every character having a power is a bad story idea, but Semblances are specifically made stranger by either the lack of exposition or the presence of incredibly confusing exposition. Like in volume five, they explain what Semblances are to another character, presumably because they realized the audience had never been actually told what Semblances were in the show for five seasons. C--can you see the problem here? When these ideas and story components are being explained so strangely and it's taking seasons to correct, eventually the viewer either stops watching or stops caring about really understanding what's going on. They start to treat it like it's not really worth their time and tune it out while they wait for the next cool fight. Good exposition and proper conveyance of information are so important in stories, especially fantasy stories. If you do it in a boring way, or do it badly, or don't do it at all, or explain only one thing in the introduction of your whole series and then it turns out not to be as big a plot point as you'd thought, the audience's experience of your potentially good story is damaged and it's really hard to get that goodwill back when you've lost it. I'm only realizing now writing this video exactly how cool "RWBY's" story could have been if it was written in a way that wasn't such a struggle to get to grips with. The show is having such a problem conveying its world that you have to watch another different show to learn basic shit. Despite spending tons of time sitting you down, telling you how the world works, they still don't manage to tell you enough about the setting for you to be able to understand it, so they made a second companion show consisting entirely of lectures called "RWBY: World of Remnant." Everyone's favorite part of watching a cartoon: the homework, like what all the countries are, and how they work, how Huntsman Academies work, and the basic history of the world along with the major mechanics of the show like what Grimm actually are, what Faunus are, how Aura works, what a Semblance is, oh, and how could we forget the Cross Continental Transmit System? The creators seem to have realized that this isn't explained very well in the story that they wrote so they essentially made a private personal Wikipedia to tell you what was happening. for volume two, they basically admit that "World of Remnant" exists to patch up all of these holes. [MILES] We have the "World of Remnant" videos to kinda get, uh, some exposition across, um, as best we could. [HBOMB] As best we could? Guys, no one was forcing you to write the story badly. They're even animated in the same style as the intro effectively admitting the actual introduction didn't explain anything. If you watch through "RWBY" on Crunchyroll-- which, uh, why? The "World of Remnant" episodes are scattered between the normal ones. They're genuinely telling you that the best way to experience "RWBY" is for the show to stop every now and then so that you can be told a few minutes of straight exposition. [NARRATOR] The world of Remnant is a dangerous place. [HBOMB] It especially doesn't help that the explanations in "World of Remnant" aren't very good, either. The "World of Remnant" episode about Grimm explains that we don't really know much about Grimm. [NARRATOR] Scientists perpetually find themselves with more questions than answers. Little else is known about the creatures of Grimm. [HBOMB] Great! Thanks! on Semblances tells us that every single Semblance is completely unique. [NARRATOR] The wielder's Semblance is completely unique. [HBOMB] But then it turns out that Weiss's Semblance isn't unique and the Schnee family have the exact same Semblances like it's in their blood or something, and her sister Winter can do the same things as her. [WINTER] Every Schnee has the ability to summon. We have for generations. [HBOMB] So they're unique except when they're not. I'm glad there's a video explaining how this works, but it would also help if the explanation made sense and if it didn't just raise more questions. - Also-- [WINTER] We Schnees are unique. Unlike many, our Semblance is hereditary. [HBOMB] Winter is telling this piece of information to her sister. She's one of the only other people who already knows this! This isn't how you write exposition! I don't wanna be down on the concept themselves here. The idea of Semblances and the idea of someone keeping their Semblance a secret to have an advantage or a Semblance that runs in the bloodline of a family and gives one of our leads a reputation to live up to are all decent things to put in a story, and they could all potentially be really interesting, but for those things to be interesting, they have to be actually conveyed well, and then used well in the story itself. A good idea isn't enough. about the Schnee Dust Company largely covers the life and times of a really interesting-sounding character who we never see in the show and who never actually comes up by name ever. They just invented a cool guy and made up a story about him. You don't get story points because an idea sounded good. In fact, it just means you lose more points by wasting it. If you do watch all of "RWBY" and do enough research and ask around on the Reddit but only once you've consulted the wiki and watched "World of Remnant," you might finally know what the story of "RWBY" was supposed to be and understand how cool so many aspects of the plot sound in the abstract, but you probably won't have had a good time. You can't just tell me how good the story or concepts might be in a side cartoon. You have to tell me a good story. If you try to get someone new into "RWBY," pay attention to how much you have to explain things on the show's behalf. Even if you like the show and think it's good-- or at least gets good-- thinking critically, we have to acknowledge that it certainly takes some getting there. It's especially disappointing when sometimes you can see the show setting things up quite well. When Ruby gets done beating up the Sterling Squad, the bad guy manages to get away in a ship even though a new lady turns up to help Ruby stop him. I bring this up because-- credit where it's due-- there is some pretty good storytelling going on here. When this new character turns up and is wrecking shop, Malcolm McDowell Boy says-- [MAN] We got a huntress! [HBOMB] And this is a really good line because the audience is like, "That sounds neat. What's that? I bet they're important." And then right after, Ruby reacts like meeting a huntress is really cool. [RUBY] You're a huntress? Can I have your autograph? [HBOMB] This is a decently- animated scene but also good exposition, especially compared to the rest of the show. We know that hunters are a big deal without having to be directly told who they are or what they do based purely on seeing a guy react in a kind of panic to her appearance and how Ruby reacts herself. It's fun and cool and doesn't bog you down with explicit explanations, so the writing in this sequence specifically really works. That said, you fully learn what Huntsmen and Huntresses are by sitting in a classroom while they make a point about how this is boring and the other characters aren't paying attention. [PROFESSOR] Individuals who have sworn to protect those who cannot protect themselves. [HBOMB] Oh, really? Wow, thanks. This scene was worth my time. Surely there's a more interesting way to explain things to your audience than with a lecture. Besides, that's what "World of Remnant's" "Huntsmen" episode is for. What this scene with Glynda implies to me is that someone on the writing team did know how to write exposition and his name was Monty Oum. The action scenes--the ones Monty had gone off to make while the writers wrote the other stuff are consistently the most interesting examples of character writing and storytelling in the show. In volume two our characters are so busy having drama or doing wacky skits to establish why these characters are actually friends. [WEISS] Did you steal my binder? [RUBY] I am not a crook. [BLAKE] What are you talking about? - You sent a dog? - [WEISS] In the mail? [Ruby laughs] [dog woofs] [HBOMB] But a few episodes in, we have this big fight where the team work together to beat a big mecha, and in this scene Monty does all the characterization that could have happened in the show. The characters' teamwork using each other's abilities in conjunction together is choreographed and prepared in a way that shows the audience that these characters have learned to work together. Each move even gets called for by Ruby using a code word. [RUBY] Freezerburn! Checkmate! Ladybug! Bumblebee! We have to slow it down! [WEISS] And how do you propose we do that? [RUBY] Ice Flower! [HBOMB] Showing that she's grown and learned to direct the team she's leading. The audience can finally tell that these characters have a really intimate knowledge of each other and their skills. These names were actually chosen by Monty as a reference to the 'ship names the fandom had come up with for the characters. What's a 'ship? [belches loudly] Sorry, that wasn't meant to signify my feelings on the subject. Well, a 'ship is a thing fan discussions of media end up doing when fans want or predict characters to end up in a relationship together. Sometimes creators make subtle nods to these communities in their work like in "Steven Universe" that one time they had a literal ship with two characters on it. Referencing the 'ship names is a little bit creepy. Ruby is, like, 15, you know. [MILES] Ruby Rose is a 15-year-old girl. [HBOMB] But at least let's take careful note of how Ruby and Yang are the only pair that don't do a team attack here, because that would mean acknowledging the part of your fandom that came up with a ship name for two half-siblings, which is fucking disgusting. In addition to being a really cool Monty fight, we're seeing our main characters in action as a group and learning about how they've grown together between seasons. Would've been nice to see them grow in the actual show, but credit where it's due. It's well-conveyed exposition. You might not even notice you're learning about the characters because you're watching them beat up a giant robot. It's a good scene. Like, that's the thing about early "RWBY." It'll just keep inexplicably having good scenes that are either super fun to watch or work way better story-wise than anything around them, and usually it's the action sequences which somehow manage to out-write the writing of the scenes the writers came up with. Here's another example. As we've mentioned, the bad guys finding out Pyrrha's Semblance is a big deal, but since this discovery is made during a fight, it's done really well using animation and artistry. Mercury has a sparring match with Pyrrha and the action is shot to focus specifically on the attention Mercury is paying to how she moves and fights like he's trying to figure her out. Then when she tries to stealthily use her Semblance to avoid one of his attacks, he notices what she's doing. It was actually animated by Shane Newville whose grasp of using animation to tell a story is really good. In the director's commentary track for this scene, the whole team can't not gush about the work he does. - [MILES] Uh, was this Shane? - [MONTY] This is all Shane. - [MILES] Yeah. Layering in that tiny little stuff where it's like he got the tone of the fight. He knew what this was about. - [MILES] Yeah, man. - [MONTY] The way they're able to read each other in the movements-- barring the kicks and flips and everything, it's just there's so much going on, like, in the performance. [MILES] It's like a silent dialogue scene. - [MAN] Oh, my God, this-- [MILES] Get it? [HBOMB] By looking at their faces and seeing them examine things it's a really strongly-characterized scene just out of nowhere. Also, I got that reference. Good one, Shane. Compare and contrast with when the bad guys actually discuss Pyrrha's power and they're just sitting around going, "Oh, she can control magnets. Her--it's called polarity, which I also know somehow." Like, it's so weird that really well-told scenes are right next to this. Scenes made by Monty and Shane feel like pieces of a much better--or at least better-told--show trapped next to this stuff, and outside of the fights, the animation is, w--well... [mystical music] [Ruby chomping] [RUBY] Cut it out! [blows landing] [both grunting] [cat yowls] [Ruby grunts] [WOMAN] We have big plans for you, Roman. [HBOMB] What the fuck? Is that just fucking concept art? If you want to really unproductively hate "RWBY" all day forever--you know, if for some reason you've decided it's your job to be angry and sad all your life, there's tons of animation problems or ugly sequences or shots to poke fun at. But talking about them in this video seems like a distraction because the show looking perfect wouldn't fix its core writing and storytelling problems and I've enjoyed much worse-looking shows because they told a better story. The biggest problem with the show isn't the animation surrounding these fights. It's the story surrounding It's the way these fights are being connected-- or rather not connected-- by the writing. A useful thing to know is that while working on "Red vs. Blue," the script would have gaps in it marked, "Monty action sequence here." [MONTY] I would then find, uh, places in that script-- places in-- within--between the lines in that table read and start inserting my sequences in the parts where Burnie's script would say, [HBOMB] "Red vs. Blue" had a script, but how exactly the fights looked was entirely up to Monty since he was the best at deciding that stuff. While the rest of the show was being made in the traditional machinima style in the "Halo" games themselves, Monty was making the best possible fight he could and these pieces of the show joined together at the end of this process pretty organically. Early "RWBY" was made using a fairly similar principal. The three main creators had agreed on the story in the broad strokes and then Monty was doing the fights in the same way but with the writers actually writing out the plot they'd agreed upon while Monty was making the action sequences. To give an example, the first fight takes place in a street environment so they wrote the Dust store robbery, and then as quickly as possible, moved the events outside to connect with the street fight and then up to the rooftops to connect to another Monty fight. You can see this in the version of the show on the DVD extras where they show episode one with the story boards. Everything the main crew were working on had been written and had storyboards so the animators knew what visuals to go for and then when Monty's cool fights are happening, the storyboard is just a black card that reads, "Monty action," and given what his fights were like, three exclamation marks is appropriate. The "we got a huntress" part I praised earlier was also a Monty action sequence on the storyboard, so it's likely Monty came up with the idea to have Torchwick say words to this effect and not the writers whose best idea for conveying what a huntress is is to have a professor tell our huntresses-in-training in a classroom as if they've never been told before even though they're going to a school for huntresses, and then to write a side cartoon telling you again. In another good example, when the characters are being tested in the woods, the characters all get their individual plot lines and then when it's time for the big Monty fight designed to happen at this point we get this insert shot of the characters running to the specific location where Monty's fight was done. Now, this is one of the stand-out action sequences of Monty's career. It's really good. It's one of my favorite animated sequences in basically anything. It's just great, but really disappointingly due to some strange writing choices, it doesn't actually connect to the story that was just happening because the gang's plan at this point was to run away from the big monsters attacking them. [RUBY] There's no point in fighting these things. [JAUNE] Run and live. That is an idea I can get behind. [HBOMB] But as soon as Monty fight mode begins, it's like they were leading them here to have a proper place to fight them. I'm assuming Monty and the writers had decided on this fight in a very broad way, like, "During the trial the gang fights some giant monsters and it's really cool," and Monty made this fight thinking the writers would come up with an explanation, but the explanation ended up being, "Let's run away." [Hbomb sighs] I don't know how to make this clear enough. That is the one thing that you do not write immediately before cutting to a fight against them! And the worst part is this is probably the most seamless connection between the story and action the show manages to do because you can at least, like, assume that they're means of escape got cut off or they got too close and they had to fight, but when they have several characters agree to run away and they say they're going to run away, having them just kinda stop is very strange. Another really strange thing you start to notice when you try and keep track of how the fights are being connected is that character arcs seem to start and then suddenly stop on a whim. When the characters get sorted into teams, Ruby is made the leader of Team RWBY, and this annoys Weiss who thinks Ruby isn't very smart or good and who she argued with a lot during the test, but then during the test, Weiss decided to be nicer. [WEISS] I'll be... nicer. [HBOMB] But she's mad again now because she wanted to be the leader. This seems like it's going to set up interesting character tensions, maybe a developing friendship with emotional speed bumps along the way, but it's resolved instantly when Weiss complains to a professor and they say, "Stop it." [PROFESSOR] That's preposterous. [HBOMB] And Weiss decides to be nice. [WEISS] I am going to be the best teammate you will ever have. I'll be... [HBOMB] Problem solved. Writing! Like, all Weiss needed was for a man in a position of authority to give her a good telling-off. [PROFESSOR] Your exceptional skill on the battlefield is matched only by your poor attitude. [HBOMB] Just so you know, Weiss's main character arc is about her relationship with her abusive and controlling father so the idea this is what she needed is actually kinda gross. [MILES] Me personally, I still don't see it as a big deal. I'm just like, I don't see them as, like, "These are four females that are awesome." - [MILES] I'm like, no, these are just four kids that are fun. [KERRY] Can't really think of any moment really where we sat down and were like, "Okay, this is happening or we want this to happen because they are female." [MILES] Yeah, I know. - It's just been like-- [KERRY] It's just like, they're four people. [MILES] They're awkward teenagers. [HBOMB] "Hey, #RWBY fans! Have you heard? "Yang Xiao Long is gonna fight Tifa Lockhart. My money's on the hot one!" [KERRY] All right, uh, so we got Yang Xiao Long. She is the bubbly one in the bunch. She's just so happy. She's the party girl. She's, you know, pretty much everything everybody wants in a girl. [HBOMB] So they brought back the interesting character conflict with the test then re-resolved it right away. This is like watching a learner driver stall their car. Like, come on. You almost got a story going. Just--just keep going at it! Immediately after having a character just give up on what their character art should have been, the plot suddenly switches gears and focuses on someone else. Wait, gears? And then there was the stall the car thing. Was that a deliberate metaphor? No, that was an accident. I'm sorry. Thus begins the "Jaune Arc." A big portion of volume one-- four of the show's first 16 episodes-- is about how Jaune actually forged his anime college transcripts to get into this school which makes him the deepest character we've met so far. Wow, who'd have thought? And then he gets bullied by a generic mean guy who threatens to tell people his secret and get him kicked out, but then he stands up to him and saves him from a big Grimm and now he respects him so he won't share his secret. That's the solution to bullying, kids. Save them from a monster and maybe they'll leave you alone out of respect. Jaune finally asks Pyrrha for the help she was offering him instead of pointlessly refusing it and it becomes kind of clear Pyrrha's working really hard on this guy because she's into him for some reason. This multi-episode break from covering any of the main characters of "RWBY--" it's in the name-- to focus on one of the lead writer's characters certainly seems strange but what makes the pace even stranger is that once those episodes are done, there are two episodes left and they have to now connect the story to this final fight scene in a shipyard starring--and I can't stress this enough-- two characters who have not yet appeared in the show. Oops! So the next episode starts and-- ah, here's Sun! He's here now! And then while chasing him, the gang randomly runs into-- no, literally runs into-- Penny, the other character who they forgot to put in earlier because there was just nothing you could have cut to establish these characters sooner! This pure gold just has to stay in! So now these characters are here just in time for the climactic fight. Sun's stick that turns into nunchucks that are also guns is so fun to watch. It's just amazing. However, because of the frankly bizarre pacing caused by the show's production, I have barely any idea who most of the characters involved even are which affects my engagement somewhat. It's a really cool scene but it feels very disconnected from the rest of the story. Now, exactly how this problem got here isn't something it feels fair to speculate about too hard. I'm sure you could easily conclude that the three agreed on a story and then the writers just messed up making the plot feel like a cohesive hole with the action sequences and writing-wise, the show feels very idiosyncratic and self conscious like it's looking for something to spend its time doing before the next fight and therefore misspending the time that would have added context and character to those fights until it's too late to really do that stuff properly, but at the same time, some behind the scenes material and panels and stuff seem to imply that Monty went away and then came back with new characters and action sequences for them and dropped it on Miles and Kerry with little to no notice. However this disconnect got here, it's not very good and relates to some serious production problems. Like, if your main creative leads aren't on the same page about what's happening the story's probably not gonna wind up very good, and also the way a huge swath of the show isn't about Team RWBY and their plot line evaporates to make way for the adventures of some guy, the writers don't seem to be handling the story they did know they were supposed to do that well, either. It certainly doesn't make it look any better that they guy's voiced by one of them. Oh, and then in volume two, they correct for this problem by adding a second author insert. Uh-- So a guy called Neptune turns up. He's a really cool, attractive guy who wears goggles and they make a point of showing Weiss is into him, like, right away. Let's not assume that this is, like, author insert wish fulfillment or whatever. Like, let's assume they just came up with this character and then Kerry Shawcross decided to voice him. Like, hey, if you're writing a whole show, you should get to voice one of the characters. That's fine, but come on. It was really weird that you picked Neptune, man. This character gets into love triangle stuff with a bunch of young female characters who you write so it just feels weird, and then this character hangs out a bunch with Yang. You know-- [MILES] Pretty much everything everybody wants in a girl. [NEPTUNE] Whoa. What a woman. [KERRY] Uh, she's 17. [HBOMB] And yet in volume two, the plot pauses itself for a shocking long amount of time to have an arc where our characters prepare for the school prom and figure out who's inviting who because Weiss wants to go with Neptune but Jaune wants to go with Weiss, but Pyrrha wants to go with Jau-- and she can't bring herself to ask hi-- so whenever something in the show happens that's really strangely explained and you wish got, like, told to you better, remember that they had time to do it and spent it writing scenes where two characters voiced by them hang out at a prom. Hey, guys, you know when you were talking about needing to get exposition across as best you could? Put it here. Put naturalistic exposition in the scenes where this fucking prom would have gone. The prom stuff isn't even necessarily bad, either. It's nice seeing the sweet dance animations Monty did for it. He was a big fan of animating dancing along with fights and it's cool seeing this stuff in "RWBY," too, and a lot of the character and relationship stuff happening in the prom scenes is, like, fine. The problem with the scene is, even if it's perfect, it's yet another thing that's happening instead of a story. It just becomes aggravating knowing you're watching all of this and basically still waiting for the plot to start again, and you know how it starts again? Well, right at the end of the episode before the final two the ground suddenly opens up under Ruby's feet and she falls into the plot. Watching this show knowing that it had a creative lead and two writers and the plot consisted of a bunch of people fucking about going to the prom and not doing much else for most of the season-- like, seriously, what were you doing? It turns out there's an entire dead underground civilization the bad guy and his goons are doing an evil plan in, but the next fights that Monty was making were a series of fights on and in a train riffing on the ideas he'd had during the "Black" trailer and those scenes are supposed to happen now, so the dead, destroyed civilization that Ruby just fell into has a working rail network with a train in it. This is another instance of there's no point Like, instead of the plot leading organically into the fights on the train, the train is just there when it needs to be in the story. I feel like there might have been a slightly easier way of getting the characters onto a train. That's all I'm saying. But once we get there, the actual action sequences on the train are really well done. Monty and Shane and the rest of the team do some really stellar work here. [dog snarls] [exciting music] [loud booming] "The Zwei scene from yesterday was Shane Newville's idea. Blame him!" Thank you, Shane. That scene was amazing. Oh, and thank you Harley Dwarts who Shane says helped. This is the second best shot in the entire show ever of all time. [clapping] Do you get i-- and I wish the writing and story had the kind of energy the animators were capable of manifesting. There is this one really cool fight between Yang and Neo-- a character fans love because her deal is she doesn't talk and therefore cannot be ruined by the writers. She actually beats Yang and then a strange warrior woman we don't know at all turns up to protect her and Neo is so fuck-off scared of whoever this lady is that she's like, "Nope! Peace out!" And then the lady leaves. It's really cool and mysterious, but there is one teeny issue with this scene, and that's the really good music that plays during it. [Jeff Williams, Alex Abraham, & Steve Goldshein's "No Brakes"] This is genuinely a pretty awesome track. It really builds tension and mystery for what's going on with this character and what her deal is. This track is also the best piece of music that Jeff Williams didn't make. Well, that's not fair to say. That's kind of mean, but when I first heard this song, I couldn't get it out of my head, and I realized that I couldn't because I'd heard it a bunch somewhere else before and then I remembered that I spent most of 2014 listening to the soundtrack to the "Godzilla" movie that came out that year. [Alexandre Desplat's "Godzilla!"] They found the bones of the "Godzilla" soundtrack and they rebuilt him into Midi Godzilla. Now, I'm not saying this is plagiarism or anything. These songs are just incredibly similar because they're both very generic, but I do kinda secretly hope that they got the idea from the "Godzilla" movie because I love finding other secret "Godzilla" fans out there. Oh, "Shin Godzilla" was so good, wasn't i-- the train crashes into the city so a bunch of Grimm attack people. [Boots Randolph's "Yakety Sax"] All our main characters work together to beat up some monsters for a while. Oh, look, a reference to "Haloid, which was itself a reference to "The Matrix." I love it. It's a pretty good end to a volume, you know? Defending a city from a bunch of monsters. [inhales deeply] [exhales dejectedly] And then Team CFVY shows up. Team CFVY--four characters who've barely been on screen until this exact moment and only get mentioned in passing, like, once appear and heroically single-handedly kill almost all the Grimm in a matter of seconds. I absolutely love the music for this fight. [CASEY] ♪ Afraid to take you out afraid to take you out ♪ ♪ Afraid to take you out ♪ ♪ Afraid to take you out ♪ [HBOMB] Uh, it's awful. It's--it's objectively a terrible song, but I love it. It's like if the "Sonic Adventure" soundtracks vomited into my mouth and I want it. This is the climactic action sequence of the volume, Monsters attack the city, and four other characters turn up and save the day. That's the--that's the story! Once again, a bunch of characters we barely know are starring in the climactic fight of a season of the show. Who the hell is this guy? What are his weapons? Why does he look like that? What is the point of having a story if this is how it ends every season? If I wanted context-free fighting, I'd watch "Dead Fantasy" again. The whole point of "RWBY" is that there were writers helping make it something more than that; connect the fights in an organic and meaningful way. "RWBY" could have just been a collection of fun fights uploaded on a YouTube channel and all it would have lost is several hours of baggage. [GIRL] You just destroyed my favorite clothing store. [HBOMB] Oh, you can barely tell a man wrote this. There's one particular strange moment in this scene that really encapsulates the problems the writ-- [inhales sharply] The problems the writing is having. Why do I write such long sentenc-- This character--the bunny girl who appeared very briefly in season one--her name is Velvet. She has a weird case that's got her weapon hidden in it and when she goes to use it in the fight, her leader whose name I had to Google because I don't think we're told it until the next season-- no, I'm not gonna tell you what it is--says-- [GIRL] Hey, come on. You spent all semester building that up. - [CASEY] ♪ Caffeine ♪ - [GIRL] Don't waste it here. [HBOMB] And proceeds to do all the killing herself with her cool minigun bag thing. It's great. This line is meant to be, like, a funny nod to the audience, Like, we've been building that up for ages. Let's not waste it now. It's meant to be a funny joke but the problem is, that joke requires the setup of us having seen that Velvet has a weapon and wanting to find out what it is but because the story's writing has been so mismanaged, Velvet has been on screen for literally seconds in the show so far. The clip of Velvet you're seeing right now, this is her only appearance in volume two. She just walked off screen, She's gone. That's it. See you in the climax! So all we get is this scene of the group leaving for a mission and another character mentioning they sure have been away on that mission for a while. [WEISS] Team CFVY's away mission lasted longer than expected. [HBOMB] We don't know who this character is! The joke about Velvet's weapon combined with her and her team's sparse appearance in the show despite saving the day at the end is perhaps the clearest look into the early show's Was this scene planned in advance and then the writers didn't have room to give Team CFVY a place in the story because there was already too many characters to handle and all the prom stuff? Did Monty and Co. suddenly drop the climactic fight on the rest of the creators at the last minute and then they had to scramble to give it any sort of last minute justification? Did the creative leads all mutually agree that the best way to end a season of the show was for it to star a bunch of random new characters? I don't know and it doesn't feel right to speculate, but I do know that the way things are means the story sucks. All the plot scenes of the show feel so weightless and contribute so little to the thing that really works-- the fights-- that the story ends up being basically an afterthought. I do have to say, though, it does look like at some point in the production process Team CFVY or at least Velvet were meant to play a larger role in the show and there is evidence that suggests this. The behind the scenes production diaries for volume two spend a lot of time specifically covering the creation and development of Velvet. [MAN] So we thought we would introduce you to the various parts of the production pipeline by following the supporting character of Velvet that we introduced in volume one and follow her from concept to modeling and how she comes to life in the recording booth and in the animation and in the edits. [HBOMB] They sifted through hundreds of fan submissions. [MONTY] Over 1,300 submissions. [HBOMB] We see the modelers and rigging and artists working on her and her weapons. We see the effort that goes into designing the case for her cool weapon but we don't wanna spoil what's in it! [Monty chuckles] So this is what her weapon's gonna be in. We're not showing the weapon yet 'cause-- [MAN] Yeah, no. [MONTY] You're not gonna see that yet, but we need so-- we need something for her to carry it in. [HBOMB] You know, as if to imply that at some point in the show we would see Velvet have a box with the weapon in it and people'd go, "Ooh, what's in it?" And she'd be like, "Ah, you'll see." We meet the voice actress, all of this stuff, hours and hours of multiple artists putting time and attention into creating this character, and all of this work goes into the creation of a character who-- due to some kind of natural disaster-- is on screen for, like, 30 seconds maximum and does nothing! Just to give you a sense of how miserably mismanaged the writing was, Velvet is speaking for about 14 seconds of volume two of "RWBY." I just showed you all of it! The interview with in the behind the scenes material is longer than that. I think volume two might have needed a second draft. This fight is technically really cool-looking and I really enjoy the animation, especially this bit where the Grimm's legs flip out, but imagine how much better the scene would have felt if you knew who these characters were or if this fight felt at all like part of a story, It turns out that even compared to machinima, making an animated series is, like, really hard. A whole ton of people have to work together as part of a huge process to get this thing made. [BURNIE] And "RWBY" is a higher level of production than any other show we ever produced. [HBOMB] And if the process isn't being managed very well or the big picture ideas aren't there, then the resulting show suffers massively. There are tons of scenes that are fairly decent, especially the fights, but because of issues with putting the show together, the result is a show that's less than the sum of its parts and what feels like two full seasons of teething problems. You know, there are lots of shows with, like, fun fights to watch like "JoJo's Bizarre Adventure" which I brought up earlier, but the thing about those shows is, even when I remember the really cool fights, I go back and watch entire episodes or arcs of the show again. I don't just go, like, "Oh, remember that fight? "That fight's good. Let's just watch that out of context." Like, no, the storytelling is part of what accentuates those scenes. Fights in "JoJo's Bizarre Adventure" feel meaningful because they've been built up to by the plot. Monty's fights are still some of the coolest fights, but they're never gonna have the impact they could have done because either due to a lack of planning of what the story would be or very poor writing choices being made in connecting his action sequences, the story these fights should have been a part of is practically non-existent, and honestly, it just seems like such a waste, So far we've mostly talked about the production and execution angle of "RWBY--" the telling of the story, the conveyance of the world, and how well the writers incorporated the action sequences, but now we need to dig one layer deeper and discuss the story they're trying to tell. Remember that first fight in the Dust store and how I talked about how it is kind of a good idea for an introductory scene? Because introducing your protagonist by having them stop a robbery is a good idea for an opening. In fact, it's a good intro in the movie they got this idea from. Oh, plot twist! [Yoko Kanno and Seatbelts' "Tank!"] [buzzer buzzing] [explosion booms] "Cowboy Bebop" is a great anime. It's a 26-episode series and it also has a feature-length movie. In the movie, they reintroduce the main characters from the show by having there be a convenience store getting held up at gunpoint, and Spike--the main character-- comes in with headphones on and shops around pretending he can't tell what's going on before expertly taking them all out with some backup from his friend. This is a really good opening scene. The problem with "RWBY" is that its writers didn't seem to know why it was a good opening. This opening works well in the movie because it takes the opportunity to tell us about our characters and how they think. Spike tells a guy holding an old woman hostage that he doesn't care if he shoots her. [SPIKE] Sorry, lady, but we don't protect or serve. This is strictly business. [MAN] What? [SPIKE] Guess you'll just have to chalk it up to bad luck. [HBOMB] Which makes you think, "Oh, wow. Maybe this guy has no real regard for human life," he did that to get the guy to turn his gun on him in order to save the lady's life, so really he has no regard for his own life and will gladly put himself in extra danger if it means it might help someone else. This scene is good because it's what we call characterization. We're learning about our main character and how he thinks. The action is well-animated and nice-looking, but that's secondary to the experience of learning about our characters. We're learning how little Spike values his own life. [MAN] If you keep on pushing it like this, you're really going to get cut down to size for good. [SPIKE] Sorry, I'm not exactly the delicate cautious type. [HBOMB] In the show we have a lot of time to learn in detail that Spike has embraced a very specific philosophy toward his life. [MAN] I knew I shouldn't have come up here! [SPIKE] Whatever happens, happens. [MAN] I'm only 18! I don't-- [HBOMB] And he doesn't even really see himself as alive, and this enables him to more easily throw himself at life-or-death situations. How he got this way is part of the story. The movie sets up this part of his character incredibly quickly for people who didn't see the show or refreshes people who need a reminder by showing how he saves a woman's life by making sure it's him being shot at instead. We're seeing a dimension of his character which the rest of the story is going to go on to explore. What does a man who doesn't value his own life do with his life other than constantly risk it in ways he didn't have to? Is this a heroic trait or is it a bit sad to constantly live this way? Welcome to the core themes of "Cowboy Bebop." I mean, the movie's literally called, "Knockin' on Heaven's Door." Like, the film's about these ideas. [rumbling] This robbery doesn't really have anything to do with the plot at all. It's an unrelated opening scene, but "Cowboy Bebop's" scene is better storytelling because it is telling you things and you are learning something, and your brain is thinking about it. I wanna know more about what Spike's deal is. I wanna see what he does next. What does "RWBY" set up about Ruby in this first scene? Well, she's reading "Weapon" magazine and actually distracted instead of pretending, which I guess shows us that she likes weapons a lot and she's still a child who doesn't pay much attention to her surroundings. We also see she's a really strong fighter. For example, without taking her weapon out, using her bare hands, she beats the shit out of two guys bigger than her and sends them flying. Remember this part. I'm gonna do a thing. This isn't really much characterization. Events in stories--even in intensive action sequences-- are compelling largely because of how meaningful they are to the audience and this is achieved by developing a connection with the characters. The gang in "Bebop" choose to get involved in this and choose how specifically to handle everything that happens and Spike even deliberately chooses to put himself in way more danger to try to help someone else. What these decisions are and why they make them are interesting. The story of this movie is what we call character-driven. In this opening scene, Ruby never actually has to make a choice. She just happens to be there, just happens to be a bad ass anime warrior who can beat these guys easily, and then just happens to be seen doing it by a professor at anime Hogwarts who refers her to the headmaster. Ruby gets into this school and is therefor present for the rest of the plot because she happened to be in a store while it was being robbed. This isn't character-driven story writing. This is coincidence-driven Also, about this scene where Ruby is, like, being interrogated by Glynda and Gandalf Goku, they're, like, in this dimly-lit chamber, like--like it's a prison but then it turns out that she was brought here to be invited to a school. [OZPIN] Hello. [RUBY] Nice to meet you. [OZPIN] You want to come to my school? [HBOMB] Why is it shot and lit like an interrogation? Where are they? Is this, like, a safe house that this guy has? Okay, there actually is an explanation for why this scene is like this and we're gonna get into it. Don't you worry. It's a doozy. So the issue with the Dust store robbery is that Ruby doesn't actually choose to do anything. A fight happens at her, and she wins. To be honest, that's basically the entire plot except sometimes the fight happens at someone else we barely know. So the issue with this scene is lack of characterization, and this isn't a failure of the writing of the specific scene but a more general problem with the way the creative leads treat the characters. Ruby hasn't been made a particularly interesting person. She has a cool gun and is good at fighting and wants to be a hero and that's about it. [RUBY] Your book. Does it have a name? [BLAKE] It's about a man with two souls. [RUBY] I love books. [HBOMB] "I love books." Our main character, ladies and gentlemen. Coming up with compelling characters who make interesting decisions is basically the core job of stories. Ruby is effectively a blank slate so she's just not interesting except when she's physically doing something interesting with her cool gun like bouncing in the air using it's blow back to slow her descent. That's interesting for a couple of seconds. Ruby's so poorly characterized that the writers are still making up their minds multiple seasons in to the point that even what little we do know about her gets rewritten to try to make her more interesting than she first appeared. when Ruby falls into the plot, she doesn't have a weapon with her but luckily as we've seen, she's an expert at hand-to-hand combat and can easily dispatch the-- [thuds] [HBOMB] Oh. Wait. Between these two scenes, the writers decided it would be more interesting for Ruby to be useless without her weapon. [MAN] Wow, you are much more manageable without that oversized gardening tool of yours. [HBOMB] So now we're in a situation where characters' basic abilities are being rewritten on a whim to try to make the story more interesting, and maybe it is more interesting, and all you have to do to engage with this new story is forget the events of the very first scene in the show. So what little characterization is happening in this scene gets rewritten later. This means even in potentially cool scenes taken directly from one of the best anime ever, the scene doesn't work because the character doesn't have an opportunity to act-- to make choices. So, yeah, I'm gonna say this scene doesn't work very well because it doesn't have any decently thought-out characters in it and therefor has nothing to tell or show us about them except for the basic aesthetic design of Ruby and her weapon and the coolness of the fight animations. So the writers evidently had seen the opening of "Cowboy Bebop: The Movie," enjoyed it because it's great-- - [MILES] Nice. - [HBOMB] And decided to start their show in a similar way but didn't know why "Cowboy Bebop's" opening actually worked so well, so they just borrowed the surface components-- acting distracted, headphones, and cool fight-- without using them in a way that does anything specific Now, you could say, "Well, how do you know this is the scene that inspired them?" What if the scenes just happened to be similar? Well, if that's the case, the scene still doesn't work, and the comparison still shows how much better the scene could have been if it was being used for actual characterization but yeah, maybe the similarities are accidental. To prove they aren't, I'd have to somehow demonstrate the creators had seen "Cowboy Bebop" and there's just no easy way of-- [MILES] I'd recommend a show to someone looking to get into anime, I'd go with my personal favorite "Cowboy Bebop" because I think it's got enough, like, western stuff going on. Let's just say Spike. I'm just gonna say Spike Spiegel from--from "Cowboy Bebop" because he's just like water and he's so cool. [HBOMB] "My favorite is 'Cowboy Bebop.'" [mimics southern accent] "My favorite anime is 'Cow--'" "My favorite anime is 'Cowboy Bebop,' and although it's not "technically an anime, I also love 'Avatar: The Last Airbender.'" "Avatar," hmm. Okay, so I'm gonna go out on a limb here and say maybe Miles was inspired by his favorite anime while trying to write an anime. [MILES] You know what? I--I keep-- I keep going back to "Bebop," but, uh--uh--uh, you--you shouldn't just run away from your past. Sometimes you just gotta deal with the problems that you started and if you don't, they will catch up with you. [HBOMB] Keep in mind, I'm not saying this is plagiarism. Creative theft is a different thing entirely. I'm saying this is derivative and doesn't even replicate the thing it's trying to. It's certainly not wrong to draw inspiration from other works you like or even pay deliberate homage to things you enjoy or which seem fitting to reference in a scene. I mean, "Cowboy Bebop" does this all the time, and the convenience store scene actually references "Pulp Fiction" when one of the robbers they don't know about comes out of the bathroom and surprises them, which happens literally three times in "Pulp Fiction." [VINCENT] I'm gonna take a shit. [HBOMB] Pretty sure this is a reference, and I should know. I had a lot of very long arguments on now-deleted fan forums about whether this counts, and let me just say to MazinKaiserX, if you're still out there, I have a YouTube channel now, so fuck you, you little philistine! I win! What I'm getting at here is that firstly, I've always been cool, but also that there's nothing wrong with wearing your inspiration on your sleeve. What is wrong is doing it without understanding what made the original thing work because now it's not a cool introduction to a character, story, and setting inspired by another good thing. It's a weird, clunky, and unnecessary scene whose best feature is it reminds people of "Cowboy Bebop," but "RWBY" doesn't just remind me of "Bebop." It reminds me of a lot of other anime, and this is a result of the show's design. [KERRY] And then the next day he was like, "Hey, we should make an anime." [HBOMB] So as prep before writing the show, Monty gave the writers some homework. Anime homework. [MONTY] Uh, I went to Kerry and I w--I would--I-- I gave him anime homework. If you--if you wanna be honest, you should do some anime homework, so I just started giving him shows to watch that we could, you know, work comparatively to, and then sh--um, Miles was the second person onto this where I would give him anime homework. - [MONTY] Watch this show if you wanna-- if you wanna be part of it. [HBOMB] Now, I don't like admitting this. I'm kind of secretive about it, but I've seen a lot of anime in my time and I know a bit about it. I'd like to think no one's noticed this about me, but we've somehow finally reached a place where proper criticism of a piece of media relies on using that knowledge-- a concept which terrifies me, but with the benefit of your trust, we'll come out the other side having learned more and improved our analytical technique. So in the name of science, let's punch this plate of spaghetti in order to reverse engineer it to it's component ingredients and find out what's really going on. It's a reference but I'm also making a clever metaphor for analysis. Do-ra-ra-ra-ra-ra-ra-ra-ra-ra-- [KMFDM's "Ultra] "RWBY" is inspired by anime not just in terms of visuals but more directly by the tropes and idioms and basic story elements of shows the creators liked, or at least were told to watch. The problem is it draws far too much on ideas and concepts that feel like anime without really understanding what made the things it's borrowing actually work in the shows they were in. "RWBY" is a really strange bunch of shows, and if you're willing to check, you can even find out which ones. In a Reddit thread, Miles Luna said what some of the shows on his anime homework list were. Among them, "Gurren Lagann," "Soul Eater," "Naruto," "Bleach," and "Black Rock Shooter." Some of these shows have direct parallels with "RWBY's" story. "Naruto," "Bleach," and "Soul Eater" especially have some direct contrasts. All these shows have large casts of characters who all for their specific story reasons have their own unique powers. This is really traditional for shonen shows. Everyone kinda has their own deal, and in "Bleach" has a unique magical sword which grants them a specific ability, in "Soul Eater" wields a cool scythe. It's not that hard to tell what ideas "RWBY" is borrowing from these shows, is it? But again, the core elements being borrowed are the really basic Wikipedia-level synopsis ideas--the sort of stuff people who don't watch anime think anime is about, like the school for learning anime fighting, the large cast of characters with cool abilities and powers-- the super simple stuff that isn't really why anyone watches something. These shows work because they're really about the characters and their choices and relationships, and they happen to be set against a fun, fantastical background with cool action. "Boruto's Dad and his Army of Frenimies" live rich inner lives and form interesting connections and the audience as they grow and change. In "Soul Eater," the cool weapons are alive and lots of focus is put on how they relate to and work with their users, and this also happens in "Bleach," but, you know, in a way where it seems really awesome and y--you choose to watch it over all the other shonen at the time and then it crushes your hopes and dreams, and it seems like in the early Ruby-Weiss relationship, this is what they were going for. The way they bicker in the early trial and Weiss is angry about not being the leader later, this is honestly genuinely the beginning of an interesting relationship, but instead of making this an aspect of the show, they fix it and make someone else's life the focus of the show for half of it, and then someone else turns up to do all the fighting. So the thing that makes these shows work-- the characters, their relationships, your engagement with the characters as they do fun fights is absent. It's a stew but without the most important ingredient: the stew mix. That's the rule, by the way. You're allowed to make food metaphors in criticism but only when they're actually a clever reference. At best the main character who theoretically should be the most interesting is a lady in a nice outfit with a cool gun. That's a really low ceiling to put on a story. "RWBY" feels like fan fiction of a show that doesn't exist, except no, that's not true. There is one specific show it feels a whole lot like fan fiction for. To quote Miles Luna again, "If you want to get a feel of what the show will be like, watch Avatar: The Last Airbender." Oh, this explains a lot of things. So if you go watch "Avatar," you start to realize where a lot of the show came from. For example, "Avatar" is set in a world with four nations in it. [NARRATOR] Long ago the four nations lived together in harmony. [HBOMB] "RWBY" has four kingdoms. So you see, it's different. [NARRATOR] The four kingdoms-- [HBOMB] They're called kingdoms because, well, they can't call them nations, can they? In "Avatar," in times of stress, the Avatar enters a state where his eyes glow and he manifests amazing powers. You'll never guess that three seasons into the story with zero setup that this is a thing, Ruby's eyes suddenly glow and she's revealed to have the amazing power to instantly turn even the most powerful Grimm to stone. You learn she has this power the instant it happens and you only learn what this power is in retrospect because there was no room in the story to set this up, was there? Another cool thing about "Avatar" is that the Avatar reincarnates into a new form whenever he dies. Completely coincidentally, there's a character in "RWBY" whose spirit goes on to inhabit a new form Amazing. You see, it's actually a clever twist because no one would have expected them to be that obvious, so when they really did just do "Avatar" again, it's a genuine surprise. Oh, another massively important plot element, one of the antagonists is a revolutionary political movement reacting to oppression led by a man in a mask with horrendous scars underneath. Was I talking about "RWBY" there? No, I was talking about "Avatar: Legend of Korra," but, yes, that also happens in "RWBY." Oh, actually, you see, the scar is different because it's over one of his eyes. That's slightly different from "Avatar," so it's not the same thing, you see-- no, what's this picture of Zuko doing here? Then in later seasons, they decide to take the story in a very different direction. to make it a bit more unique. So now the characters have to travel the world and visit lots of different towns and villages and cultures on their way which is completely unlike "Avatar" because when it happens in "Avatar," it's good. Remember when I was positive about the potential of "RWBY's" story and setting? Well, feels like I'm really just complimenting the material it borrowed. So many of "RWBY's" choices seem made specifically that way because it was that way in "Avatar" even though it's completely unnecessary to borrow those parts. [SOKKA] Why is it that every time you play with magic water, I get soaked? [Katara exhales] - It's waterbending. - [HBOMB] Oh, my God. Is that where the characters' powers not being magic came from? Why would you even think to do that? I always thought each season of "RWBY" being called a volume was a bit weird and unwieldy, and guess what? It turns out it sounds way better when they're called books. Even the intro voice over sometimes sounds like they right-click thesaurused some aspects of "Avatar's" intro. [KATARA] My grandmother used to tell me stories about the old days. [NARRATOR] Legends: stories scattered through time. [HBOMB] It's like the show is playing a game of telephone with "Avatar." Those words in that order sounded good so let's use some words that are a bit similar in a different order and also make it all about Dust. The thing that made "Avatar's" introduction work is it set up a lot of stuff at once, for example, how this setting's version of magic worked--the thing you didn't mention at all-- or the fact there were four big nations-- you know, the thing you didn't mention at all except for when four castle-looking things turn up for three seconds before disappearing. Jaune is a pretty direct analog for Sokka to the point where the creators just say that's what he's based on. [MONTY] Uh, no, I'm saying, like, we--when you first did reads, and I was like, "We need a-- like, a Sokka character." [HBOMB] And this retroactively explains why Jaune's plot line was so weird. The Jaune arc had this subplot of Jaune not accepting Pyrrha's offer to help train him to be a better fighter but his explanation for why was always really strange. He wants to get better without help or he's not really a hero or something. [JAUNE] If I can't do this on my own, then what good am I? [HBOMB] But he never tries and never pays attention in class, so that's bullshit, and at the end of his section of the story, he just accepts her help. Standing up to a bully taught him to, uh-- this confusing arc happens because it happened to Sokka in "Avatar," a story with characters with depth and infinitely better world-building. In the beginning, Sokka is not a great warrior, but he desperately wants to be one. He's from a culture that looks down on the idea of women being fighters but then he gets wrecked by an order of female warriors who protect a village on their travels and has to confront his beliefs about women. He learns a lesson from this and begs them to train him. He gets better as a fighter but this plot line is super engaging for an audience because we get to watch him grow as a person and change his beliefs. Sokka starts out, like, kind of as a shitty teen. I thought I would really not like him when I first watched "Avatar," but he grows so much. He becomes such an interesting character super quickly. So now it's clear why Jaune's arc is seemingly missing pieces. It's not just that Sokka was written better, but more specifically it's clear the writers liked the idea of giving their Sokka character the same arc but the problem with this arc is it means one of your core characters starts out as a bit of a chauvinist and needs time and work to grow into a better person, but if you're trying to write a cool progressive anime starring mostly girls, you don't want to have acting like that, do you? That sounds kind of heavy, and are you really going to write your character who you voice to act like that? So Jaune is written to already start out as basically a good person who respects women's abilities as fighters who simply needs to learn to accept help instead of refusing it for what is now no reason. It actually turns out that a ton of weird things about "RWBY" happened that way because they were like that in "Avatar." That interrogation thing in the first episode of "RWBY" was always a silly choice. Why take her to this weird dimly-lit empty room to invite her to a school? But it makes much more sense if you happen to have seen the first episode of "Legend of Korra" when Korra gets arrested and interrogated. If a scene in "RWBY" seemed out of place or like a scene from another show just happened for no reason in the middle of this one, it's probably because it did. So it's pretty clear-- to the point they literally admit it-- that a big problem with "RWBY's" writing is that the creators are grasping wildly at shows they like for things to recreate in their show in the hopes of crafting a story. It's only technically been written in one sense of the word. It's more of a reconstituted amalgam of things they thought were cool elsewhere. Grind up all that meat and stuff it into a sausage casing. Or I guess, in this case, a body pillow. No, Miles, what are you doing? This is really embarrassing. Ruby Rose is a 15-year-old girl. If you like anything about "RWBY" and you haven't seen much anime before because it didn't seem like it was for you, I guarantee you right now there's a show in this list that the thing you liked about "RWBY" came from, and you'd like that show a hell of a lot more, and let's be honest. It's probably "Avatar." A lot of people I've met who are really big fans of "RWBY" tend to be not into anime. They don't think it's for them or they haven't watched it before yet, but if you take the plunge and then you see how good a show using these ideas could be, you'll very quickly be able to see why a lot of people with a bit more of a frame of reference are so disappointed with this show. Go pick a show from that list and have a better time. Seriously. Just make sure it's not "Bleach." Don't make the same mistake I did. Please, you mustn't! You have to-- There's a scene in volume two where it turns out Yang and Ruby have a family dog called Zwei. There's a dog in "Cowboy Bebop" of the same breed called Ein. Get it? The creators are trying to make a cute reference to a show they like. They don't seem to have realized they've referenced all the shows they like quite enough already. I was hoping they'd eventually try doing something else. The real impact of all this on "RWBY's" potential is that it means the things that are truly unique about it get ignored. Because the world-building is vague and really just a loose approximation of nine other cartoons, all kinds of little tidbits crop up that would be so interesting if they went anywhere but never will. Remember Crescent Rose? You know, one of the most dangerous weapons ever designed? [OZPIN] It's one of the most dangerous weapons ever designed. [HBOMB] There is one really interesting story element to it, which is that Ruby designed it. [RUBY] Well-- [giggles] I'm kind of a dork when it comes to weapons. I guess I did go a little overboard in designing it. [HBOMB] Ruby designed this weapon. [OZPIN] One of the most [HBOMB] Now, if you were looking at the script and you'd written these two things, what you should do at that moment is kiss yourself and realize that you've just struck fucking gold. The main character of your show is a child inventor who can craft incredible machines that kill. What a fantastic premise for a story. And Ruby loves to read weapon magazines and nerds out about the weapons she sees when she first gets to anime warrior school. Like, they've almost written a character here, and everything else about Ruby's character is the most milk toast stuff possible. Like, oh, she want to be a hero? - Great. - [RUBY] I love books. [HBOMB] I think this line annoys me so much because, like, Ruby has a really interesting character trait you could be doing something with. [OZPIN] The most danger-- ever design-- [HBOMB] And you're doing this? No! No, you can't! I forbid it! And when this comes up, Ruby's talking to Jaune whose deal is he just has a regular sword. Like, it's a punchline, and when I was first watching the show, I was really having my doubts about where things were going, but when this happened, I thought, "Oh, cool. "Ruby's gonna help him design a unique weapon "that really works for him and we're gonna see them "coming up with it and building it, "and developing as friends, and that's gonna be so cool. "Jaune's gonna come into his own and learn things about himself "as he does it and grow as a fighter "and as a person, "and there's something really wholesome "about learning a skill and building something "in a story. That'll be a really cool thing to follow." And then it didn't happen for a season because they were doing anime bullshit instead; fighting monsters, dealing with bullies, falling asleep during pointless exposition, oh, and in the show as well. And then for years I kept thinking, "When are they gonna do it? When are they gonna do it? When are they going to use Ruby's interesting character trait that they just seemingly forgot she has? And then finally in volume four, they go to a blacksmith and a character who we've never seen before and never will again upgrades Jaune's sword using pieces of his girlfriend's armor and Ruby rarely if ever talks about the fact she made Crescent Rose, and she stops nerding out about weapons except for, like, once per season if the writers remember that was her one unique character trait. Ah, but I'm sure you're going somewhere with this "Avatar" remake. Don't let me distract you. No, I'm not even fucking kidding you. Even the forging of a sword out of some cool material he has is a thing Sokka does It just doesn't stop! It never stop-- this show has so many cool concepts that just crop up like that where if you're paying attention there's tremendous potential being laid down here and then they ignore it to just loosely copy stuff from fucking "Bleach." Look, that guy has the sword that's a bit like the one from "Bleach!" Do you remember "Bleach?" I remember "Bleach." Someone please validate me remembering so much "Bleach." There's a Roger Ebert quote I always really liked and used in a draft of this video I was working on, like, five years ago which Lindsay Ellis happened to use first in a video before me, so now it feels like I'm ripping her off. Thanks, Lindsay. Where when reviewing "Battlefield Earth," he makes the comment that the director has learned from better films that directors sometimes tilt their cameras, but he has not learned why. [HBOMB] I believe Miles when he tells me "Avatar" is one of his favorite shows but I'm not convinced he knows why he liked it. "Cowboy Bebop" is cool because it's about a man who believes his life is already over, throwing himself into life-or-death situations to feel alive again. Spike Spiegel carries a weight with him and you have to watch him do his best to pretend he isn't. "Cowboy Bebop" is not cool because he's good at spinny kicks and his friend has a robot arm, and frankly, the idea that that's what really mattered is personally offensive to me. If you really respect this material, you should borrow the things that gave it meaning, not all of this surface-level stuff. This is kind of the important thing to drill in on here. These shows aren't about cool powers or great visuals or engaging fights. They have those, but on a core level, what they're really about is characters-- people who you feel things for, who you watch do things, who you can be invested in. If you don't have that base layer of engagement with the people in your story, you don't really have much of anything. If you have a cool fight but you haven't made people interested in or understand why they're fighting, then you don't even really have the fight, do you? Lots of things in the show are references to other Rooster Teeth properties. There's in-jokes everywhere. Posters from other shows, quotes from their podcasts, this store's name is a pun on "A Simple Walk Into Mordor--" that show they did about walking in New Zealand. Even tiny things like Jaune's locker number is a reference to the address of Rooster Teeth's old studio. Whatever unique story and potential there is in here, it's taking refuge behind an immense patchwork quilt of references to other things they like, other things their company made, and eventually, references to the few things people seemed to like about the show itself. One of the stand-out moments that people really liked about early "RWBY" is the part when Nora pokes Ren's nose and says, "Boop." [NORA] Boop! [HBOMB] People really liked that because it's a genuinely simple and cute moment that you don't need to know Rooster Teeth lore to enjoy and isn't trying and failing to emulate something else. It's just nice, you know? That's good. It's cute. People also really liked the way Penny introduced herself because it's genuinely a really nice moment. Weiss accidentally knocks her over and she just goes-- [PENNY] "Salutations!" [HBOMB] That's funny. That's good writing. That's characterization. It's immediately clear that something is up with Penny. It's good! Please stop being sometimes good and getting my hopes up! So of course, in addition to selling merchandise that quotes these moments, in the second season, Nora starts wearing a Boop shirt. They don't have room to make the prom stuff interesting or to connect Monty's fights properly and make them feel like part of a story, but they had room to go, "Hey, remember when she said boop? Well, its in stores now!" The show is just a continuous list of references to other things that were good, and by the middle of season two-- sorry, book tw--sorry, volume two-- it's referencing the few good parts of itself! Writing--like, the word writing-- is often used to mean a lot of different things, but at it's core, writing means making decisions and risking making the wrong one. What's acutely frustrating is that Miles and Kerry don't necessarily always make bad decisions. It's that they have done almost everything they can to avoid making them to abdicate the responsibility of having to write a story of their own. They don't understand exactly why the things they're borrowing actually were enjoyable, which makes it worse, but centrally, they're in this mess because they're going out of their way not to be unique and thereby failing to do interesting things with-- or apparently even notice-- the potential that an original animated work made for the Internet with no oversight can have. The show could have been anything, and it wants to be anything other than itself, and that wasted potential will never not be tremendously disappointing. When you take no risks and try to say very little while looking like you're saying something important, you get a story element like the Faunus. [uncomfortable music] By later in the first volume, we finally sat in a classroom and learned what the Faunus are and also seen the bully character mistreating one of them. The Faunus are a stand-in for the oppressed races of the world. Yes, that is correct. I did not misspeak. These guys have to talk about racism now, and I am here for it. I've heard it mentioned that this aspect of the story was originally conceived by Monty but unfortunately the story is being written by the men who brought you, "My Semblance is polarity." The big twist in volume one is that Blake is a Faunus. She gets mad at Weiss for being a racist and runs away and dramatically takes off her bow to reveal cat ears-- [stammers] in addition to her normal ears. Have you guessed which fairy tail character Blake is based on yet? Well, I'll tell you. She's beauty... and the beast! [over-exaggerated groaning] Now, I dunno about you, but "RWBY" didn't initially strike me as a show that was trying to be about something this heavy. I mean, for the most part, it's been an adventure story about kids beating up monsters and bad guys so when this happened, I dunno, it seemed a little weird. Like, is this particular show with the tone you've set so far really ready for something as serious as this? [NORA] ♪ I'm queen of the castle I'm queen of the castle ♪ [HBOMB] Like, we're in the middle of this fairly light-hearted show, so light-hearted characters have a magic shield in fights so they can't get hurt too badly, and then in a classroom, the comedy fast-talking, coffee-drinking professor guy voice by the guy who plays Caboose in "Red vs. Blue" starts to discuss the horrific tragedy of the mistreatment of the Faunus. [TEACHER] Prior to the Faunus Rights Revolution-- more popular known as the Faunus War-- [HBOMB] They begin to explore the topic of racism by using the comedy silly talky man. [Teacher slurps coffee loudly] Now, have any among you been subjugated or discriminated because of your Faunus heritage? [HBOMB] The issue of racism is a big part of the rest of the story, or at least it tries to be. A central component to the plot is the White Fang-- a group of Faunus who do crimes and terrorism in the name of Faunus liberation. The White Fang are presented as antagonists in the story. They work with the bad man from volume one and do a bunch of crimes including the train thing. A lot of the goons getting fought in fights in volumes one, two, three, four, and five are White Fang members When the main characters aren't fighting Grimm, they're beating the shit out of in-universe minorities but it's okay. You know they're bad because they all talk in the evil voice. [man laughs unsettlingly] Finally, I get to kill a Schnee. Once again, we're seeing that made Jaune's character so terrible creeping in here. This argument between Weiss and Blake comes to a head because--at least initially-- Weiss was written to be kinda racist. [WEISS] Hmm. The White Fang. What an awful bunch of degenerates. I don't particularly trust the Faunus. [HBOMB] Her family profited from exploitative Faunus labor and maybe slavery but it's hard to tell exactly what because the show is written badly. [BLAKE] Infamous for its controversial labor forces. [HBOMB] And she seems to take the opportunity to be shitty about Faunus when it presents itself. [BLAKE] Stop calling him a degenerate! He's a person! [WEISS] Oh, I'm sorry. Would you like me to stop referring to the trash can as a trash can? [HBOMB] But at some point down the line, the writers were smart enough to see a problem with writing a main character with this flaw. Weiss being racist might affect the audience's ability to relate to the character, wouldn't it? The creators want the audience to like this lady as they go on adventures with her and watch her dote on Pup-boy Bebop. How many members of your audience are really gonna want to cosplay as the Weiss supremacist? So her beliefs about the Faunus are quietly dropped off-screen and we are to assume she's anti-racists in future volumes. She just says, "Hey, whatever. We're a team. Let's work together now," and then in the next volume, this side of her character is quietly forgotten. Knowing this show I presume a man told her off-screen not to be a racist anymore and she went, "Okay." In volume two she says she wants to become a huntress specifically to try to do better than her family name has been in the past and she doesn't like what her father is doing, implicitly saying she became a fighter who protects the world because she wants to not be like her racist family. This is done instead of having her grapple with her prejudice towards a group of people and growing and changing and learning. You know, akin to what a story would do. They made her racist and then rewrote her to never have been racist. The writers are far too precious about their characters to permit them to have, like, flaws or lives or even personalities beyond cookie cutter heroics. [HBOMB] They don't need to learn anything or grow which makes them fundamentally uninteresting, and in the same way, the writers are far too precious about their world itself. They want their world to not be so fundamentally flawed that a group like the White Fang is necessary. You see, the issue here is the White Fang are basically in the right. The Faunus are an oppressed people whose struggle for liberation and equality is immediately-- the instant you actually think about it-- the morally correct side of the argument. Spoilers for real life, but we recently discovered in lab tests on mice that racism is wrong, but, like, if you have a movement whose purpose is to liberate an oppressed group, that means your society has some incredibly deep-set problems, right? People who need liberating from something? You know the Black Panthers didn't pop into existence because things were fine in the '60s, right? "Oh, I really hate Hbomb's political videos, but I love his media stuff. It's way better." Ha, I tricked you! But Miles and Kerry realized that if you introduce a group like this then the main society of your story is a systemically racist one and a huge portion of your main characters would be tacitly implicated in this by living in that society and not doing anything about the way those people are treated. Basically, they'd be writing a pretty grim--ha, ha-- story where almost everyone is on some level racist or at least okay with an unequal system because a lot of shit would need to change if there's a group like the White Fang running around and anyone sitting around enjoying the status quo instead of doing anything wouldn't be a heroic or positive character in this setting. In other words, you'd have a bit too much social commentary making everyone really uncomfortable about the parallels to real world history, and in some places, the real world present, which would be an interesting story. I'd like a story like that, really, but which would kind of suck the fun out of your anime cartoon about killing monsters with sci-fi rocket fists. [NORA] Boop. [HBOMB] People aren't gonna buy your boop T-shirts if they're sad about racism so the writers' objective was to make a show which explores racism but without making anyone too uncomfortable without risking actually saying anything about our society and without risking saying that the White Fang might have a point, so everyone can have fun watching people beat them up because they're the bad guys. We wouldn't want any implications to think about. So firstly, the mistreatment that appears in the story is always incredibly minor. It's established that the Faunus have already had a civil rights movement of sorts and been granted equality but just aren't really getting it yet in some places. [NARRATOR] Despite being promised equality, the Faunus were subjected to discrimination and hate. [HBOMB] Some specific people are still kinda racist. Faunus get bullied by some people in school. there's a No Faunus sign on one bar. There's nothing wrong with the system anymore. Individual racists are the problem. Since we aren't living in a racist nightmare world, we can feel less bad about the status quo of the setting and more okay with the idea that the White Fang are bad, but even then, they still have a roughly sympathetic goal. If a shadowy group were blowing up the businesses of people who refuse to serve Faunus or attacking people with unethical Faunus labor practices-- which is what I assume a controversial labor force is-- half the people watching might not realize these are supposed to be the bad guys. You can't have a story where the liberation movement has a point because then you're writing a story that's slightly more complex than, "Help, we need to stop the bad guys," and that's not fun. If you're writing a story for tiny babies, you want to be writing a generally okay world that's being threatened by evil outsiders. You know, like the monsters you could have already had be the main villains, so to add an extra level of moral simplification, they have the White Fang be recently under new leadership that are way more violent and pro-terrorism than normal. [BLAKE] Five years ago our leader stepped down and a new one took his place. A new leader with a new way of thinking. [HBOMB] So, okay, now they might have a point, but they're just going about it all wrong with this terrorism stuff. Now we can all get behind how they're the bad guys even if racism is wrong and they maybe have a point. [WOMAN] Get the humans! [HBOMB] Oh, I think she might be the bad guy--etc. You get the point. The story amounts to a long series of justifications for why the organization whose stated goal is the liberation of an oppressed people can be thought of as the antagonists. The White Fang used to be good guys like agitating for progress in a nice way, politely asking for racism to end like good second-class citizens, but then a new leader stepped in who was more violent and aggressive and now they're the bad guys and not respectable anymore. The problem is you're now effectively writing a story in which the most prominent villains are an oppressed people who are reacting wrong to being oppressed. Yeah, sure, racism is bad, but you're supposed to take it up with your congressman, guys. There's no nuance here. The White Fang are written to be as unequivocally in the wrong as possible. The main White Fang member we're shown is that guy who didn't care about killing innocent civilians with bombs and who later turns out to want to kill all humans because he sees his people as the superior race. [MAN] The Faunus are the dominant species of this planet. [HBOMB] Oh, also, he wants to kill his ex-girlfriend for breaking up with him over the fact he's evil. [laughing hysterically] The need to write an obvious villain into the story has burned away any relevance the issues the show was supposedly trying to explore with this aspect [MAN] I will make it my mission to destroy everything you love. [HBOMB] What is the show trying to say? Racism is bad but don't kill civilians or your ex-girlfriend? Okay! If you want to talk about real world issues, you should actually do it, you don't have to. You don't have to have a take on racism, and you especially don't have one when you set your story in a fantasy world where racism is over and the real bad guy is a protest group that turned evil. [BLAKE] I never wanted this! I wanted equality! [HBOMB] So, hey, remember Velvet, that one character who seems like some members of the team intended to be more of a part of the story, and then she just wasn't? It makes it just a little bit more egregious that the story is kind of about the persecution of her fucking race. Like, how do you fuck this up this badly? And for the record, that is not how human male teenagers would treat bunny girls if they were real. They would wait on them on hand and food and beg them to step on me. Absolutely no one was holding a gun to Miles and Kerry's heads and saying to make the show about how they think Malcolm X could have toned it down a little. They did this by choice. They were given free reign to write a story and connect the dots on Monty's fights and this is what they made? Guys, I don't think you have as much to say on this topic as you initially thought. [KERRY] You know, instead of saying, "Oh, you know, "the humans have a side. They should just respect us more," he turned into, you know, "Let's get rid of the humans and then they'll respect us because they'll be dead." [HBOMB] Let me just--let me just read that back to you just to make that more clear. [paper rustling] "He turned into, yeah, let's get rid of the humans Kerry, are you sure you wanna go with this? There's also the problem of representation. I'm not gonna criticize the show's diversity or lack of it that much because I don't think that's really my criticism to make and I don't wanna risk making it poorly on behalf of people who could say something better about it than me. There are doubtless plenty of people a whole lot less white than me who like the show and don't think it has a representation problem, although that's not saying much. Most brands of literal cracker are browner than me. [crunching] Oh, shit, my fucking laundry. Besides, I'm sure some people will tell you there's plenty of black people in the first season. However, I can't help but notice that they have managed to write a show that tries--fails but tries-- to deal with the impact of racism on a group of people in society but in such a way that they didn't have to have too many non-white characters. Instead, they invented a fictional race which consists almost entirely in the story of white women with cute animal ears and a cool buff white guy with a tail. This was a r--really clever decision. It turns out the way to get weebs to understand racism is to make the targets a cat girl. The White Fang are like the Black Panthers but with the emphasis on panther. I mean, sure, regular racism is over in Remnant, but here in the real world, if there were too many black characters, some of your audience members might start to smell politics. Now who'll buy our boop shirts? Black lives matter, especially when they're white people with vague animal characteristics, but, you know, we can't risk having too many people of color in our show about racism! By the way, you know this animated bit I showed you? That's Blake telling her backstory to Sun. Yes, Sun, another Faunus. She's telling the backstory of a movement Faunus are intimately aware of that Sun says he knows about. [BLAKE] Are you familiar with the White Fang? [SUN] Of course. I don't think there's a Faunus on the planet who hasn't heard of them. [HBOMB] Which describes the history of the treatment of Faunus to one of the only other Faunus in the story. Exposition, guys! Have her be telling this to someone who might not know it, like any other character in the show! [SUN] Have you told your friends any of this? [HBOMB] God, even Sun's asking why she's telling him, and what's up with all of these teens preparing elaborate speeches about their lives and the world? If you try and get away with a monologue that long in my household, your parents tell you you're a horrible son and they hate you. When you remove all of the moral and ethical dimensions from a story, the story disappears, too. the White Fang are a bunch of angry bad guys in masks and all this talk about how they're just reacting to mistreatment-- but don't worry, guys. Things are fine. They're just overreacting-- is boring window dressing on a story that's basically about how we have to stop the bad men from blowing up the city and stealing all of the precious jewels. The gang gleefully killed dozens of White Fang members, throwing them off a train at high speed where their remains'll be shattered and smashed into a pulp unburied in a collapsing tunnel covered in monsters and explosives, and then later the only exit from this monster-infested tunnel is sealed shut trapping any of the survivors inside to die horrible deaths, and sure, maybe they experienced racism and suffering, but they decided to be evil so they got what was coming. If you kill one of these guys, your conscience is clean. Oh, look. That one was black. Do you feel represented yet? I'm not saying you should have sympathy for these characters and that killing them is wrong. What I'm saying is it should be at least slightly more complicated than this, and the fact the story is written so that these characters are just evil is a massive flaw. It's like in "The Dark Knight Rises." Bane basically has a point. Gotham is corrupt and the people are oppressed by a system that seeks to profit from them and find new ways to spy on and criminalize them if they resist. The Occupy Wall Street movement had a lot to say and a lot of it was true. This is a stock exchange. There's no money you could steal. [BANE] Really? Then why are you people here? [HBOMB] But if you put that in your film, that means something's deeply wrong with your actual society. So Bane also wants to kill everyone with a nuke. So now when Batman beats the shit out of him and everyone who stands in his way, it's not because Batman is a tool of a corrupt establishment. It's because he's heroically stopping this definitely bad bad guy from killing everyone. The moral complexity of the story exists purely to sound cool and get thrown away before it gets anyone to think about the actual problems with our world. "The Dark Knight Rises" is complete bollocks because a villain who might have a point is consciously rewritten into a bad man in a mask with a big bomb who Batman needs to punch to win. Yay! The good guy is hitting the bad guy! Don't think about Wall Street! The writers of "RWBY" want to look like they're talking about serious real world problems because that seems cool and clever and meaningful but they don't want to run the risk of spoiling the cartoon fun and they certainly don't want to risk the people in their audience who think talking about racism is for SJWs to stop watching, so we're left with generic masked bad guys who want to use a train to blow up a city and try to cut off one of our main character's heads with a chainsaw, but maybe some of them have sad backstories behind them being evil murderers who want to kill their ex-girlfriend. Oh, wow. How clever. No, thanks. In the actual modern day right now-- in fact literally right now-- there are people marching out there in the streets against systemic injustices, racism, and police brutality, and a not insignificant amount of people are dismissing all of this as opportunism, as looting, rioting-- people trying to cause chaos and anarchy for no reason. When you tell a story with such a massive fixation on a group like this, what you're doing is saying that there are people in real life like this. "RWBY" is a deeply stupid person's idea of what racial politics are like. Watching this show through now, I can't help but be struck with the kind of horrible feeling that some people are gonna watch this and go, "Yeah, that's what they're like," and the idea of this show playing into people's worst instincts is frankly disgusting, but even on a basic story level, having such a simplistic faction like this driving so much of the plot means that all their parts of the plot basically suck. The potential of this entire aspect of the story is seemingly purposefully declawed, rendering the whole thing as pointless as if it hadn't happened. The bad guys could have just been some evil corrupted monsters who chose to be bad because they're bad for no reason and the story would have been better because it would have been more honest and a lot less uncomfortable. The end point of this bottomless pit of compromises is, well, a compromised story-- a story about nothing telling you very unconvincingly that it's about something actually important in our world right now. No wonder the introduction didn't mention them. They might as well not have been there. We can't really recount the history of "RWBY" without talking about the death of it's creator, can we? After the end of volume two, and while in early production on volume three, Monty Oum passed away very suddenly of an allergic reaction during routine surgery. Monty's death was a really tragic event that affected a lot of people both at Rooster Teeth and in Monty's audience. Monty was well-known as a relentlessly passionate worker and a phrase commonly attributed to him by many including his widow was, "Keep moving forward." So to carry on his passion, almost in tribute to his life, they continued making the show. I'm going to keep analyzing the show now, but as a fan of Monty's works since "Haloid" came out, I want to mention that I don't feel like I've had room to really celebrate his specific skill and talent in this video, so I'm working on another one just about that. I've been a fan of Monty's for most of my adult life and I've wanted to gush about why his stuff is so great but to make sure this video has any kind of decent pace, I've had to cut most of it out. I'll try and have that video done soon. So, volume three obviously struggles with a lot of issues. It's still got a lot of the things we've already discussed. It has the additional problem of the team having to make due without its original creator but if anything, the biggest problem volume three has is that it gets good. Volume three opens on a big tournament between teams from all the anime warrior schools [MAN] Every single anime out there eventually does their tournament arc, and, you know, uh, we wanted "RWBY" to have it's version of that. [HBOMB] Because how better to prove that "RWBY" is just like an anime than to give it a tournament arc? I mean, a story would have been nice, but-- mid-fight, the announcers played by the professors from the first two seasons explain the entire tournament system. [PROFESSOR] For those of you just now joining us-- [HBOMB] The show pauses to tell you how the entire system works. Again, exposition, guys. That's just not how you do it. [PROFESSOR] If this is your first time watching, allow us to break down the rules. [HBOMB] They're explaining this in the middle of the fight at the worst possible time to be explaining it. In fact, look at how even worse done this is when you realize it's being done diegetically. Imagine watching the tournament on TV when, during a fight that is currently underway, the announcers interrupt to tell you how the tournament works in case people who've never seen the tournament before just tuned in. There are infinite other ways of conveying this information and they chose now in this incredibly clunky way? [clacks] If you're just joining us, the objective of golf is to get the ball in the hole in as few strokes as possible. Points are tabulated by the amount of strokes under par, and remember, it's the lowest score that wins. Oh, it appears Jimmy has finished the course while I was talking. So the exposition is about as well done as it's always been. The fights also feel written now. Much more emphasis is placed on dialogue and specific moves than before, which slows things down and really messes with the pace. If you're just joining us-- one of the big problems with the first two volumes was the constant influx of new characters who aren't on screen enough for you to learn anything interesting about them or care but manage to suck up enough screen time that the actual characters don't have room to breathe. Remember how Neptune's entire relevance to the story was that Weiss wanted to go to the prom with him, and how after that, I never had to bring him up again? So all the screen time that went into him was a waste, wasn't it? The writers have notice this problem and decided the solution is to add 100 million more characters. Since it's the tournament arc now-- just like in real animes-- we get new teams to throw for our other characters we kinda know to fight against, and you know exactly which ones you won't see in fights because they're just 2D concept art. But that's not all! We also have more characters who are just here now. Winter Schnee-- Weiss's sister-- is here to not do much of anything and just kinda turn up for a couple episodes to give Weiss a pep talk and explain for the benefit of the audience how their Semblance works to Weiss--the only other person who already knows how it fucking wor-- oh, and also, to have a pointless fight with Qrow, another character who has finally turned up after getting name-dropped a bunch in previous seasons. Here's a thing you probably noticed by now, but every character is usually named for a fairy tale character of some kind. Like, Ruby is Red Riding Hood, Nora is Thor, Jaune Arc is Joan of Arc, Blake is fucking bad, and Qrow, Glynda, Ozpin, the General, and some others are based vaguely after characters from "The Wizard of Oz." Anyway, the gimmick is wearing so thin now that they're really struggling to come up with characters that fit this scheme. In one of the fights, Yang and Weiss fight against Neon Katt-- a Faunus character inspired by Nyan Cat-- and Flynt Coal--the son of a Dust store owner who Weiss's famil--wait. Flynt Coal? This is, like, the second black character in the show and his name is Flynt Coal! Oh, no! Okay, so it's not as bad as it sounds. It's actually a clever, clever reference to Rooster Teeth's "Minecraft" let's play. [KERRY] Dude, I got coal and flint? [MILES] Wow, you're set. That'd be a cool name. Flint Coal. [KERRY] Would it, though? [MILES] He'd be a private--yeah, he'd be, like, a--like, an international private investigator man of mystery type. [KERRY] He'd have to be black, though, right? [FLYNT] I dig it. [HBOMB] What's his weapon called, anyway? You see, all the character's weapons have names. They get mentioned in behind-the-scenes material or named in the show. Crescent Rose-- - [OZPIN] One of the most-- - [HBOMB] Myrtenaster, Gambol Shrou-- but Flynt Coal-- Flynt Coal-- doesn't appear in many other "RWBY" materials so we've not had an opportunity to learn his weapon's name, so the "RWBY" wiki has had no choice but to list it as-- [laughing] Weapon: Trumpet! [cackling] [hand slaps table] But the thing about season three Midway through this volume, the plot of "RWBY" starts. The main characters take Pyrrha aside and say, "Hey, so what's actually happening here is there are four maidens--" women with incredible magical powers. Not like Semblances or Dust. They're not magic. This is real magic. Each time a maiden dies, someone else inherits the maiden's power. Oh, so it's just "Avatar" again? Really? Okay. Each of the maidens represents one of the four seasons. It's the four seasons, not the four elements, so it's not like "Avatar." Oh, hang on. There's four different elements of Dust, aren't there? Wow, it's "Avatar" all the way down, isn't it? It's really boring and the rules of who gets to be a maiden and why are really silly and the exposition of it is bad, but it's not that bad because the show has now introduced Qrow. [PYRRHA] How does the power choose? [QROW] Through a series of stupid and convoluted rules. [HBOMB] The writers made the genuinely clever decision to have him annoyed and bored by most and plot of "RWBY." [RUBY] Did you miss me? Did you miss me? [QROW] Nope. [HBOMB] Qrow spends half the show ridiculing all the characters that have been taking themselves seriously for hours with no one questioning them before. [MAN] If you were one of my men, I would have you shot. [QROW] If I was one of your men, I'd shoot myself. [HBOMB] So even if you aren't really enjoying the story or the ridiculous amount of plot being dumped in your lap regarding the maidens and Cinder--the real villain of the last two seasons who hasn't done much, who it turns out actually has stolen half of a maiden's power and might inherit the other half if the maiden dies--it's not so bad because another character in the scene isn't enjoying it, either. It's ironic that everyone else is bird-brained. So it turns out that the story's really always been about these four maidens, each representing one of the four seasons, and Cinder wanting to cause enough commotion that she can get to the fall maiden and kill her to ensure she gets her power. There's some pretty genuine drama now as Pyrrha is offered the choice to take the maiden's soul into her body, a process which will probably kill her but prevent the power falling into the wrong hands. A character has to choose between having her own life and doing what might be the right thing for the world. Pyrrha is actually given an identity and questions and important choices to explore outside of her relationship to Jaune, and it makes her the strongest character in the show. It makes it easier to ignore that the plot is basically yet another "Avatar" thing. There being people with magical powers whose abilities go to someone else when they die is very "Avatar"-adjacent, but you don't even think about it because the exposition gets made fun of by one character and another character has to make a real choice about it, so it actually works. One of Cinder's goons--Emerald-- has the power to make people hallucinate and makes Yang think a guy's attacking her after her round has ended, and while she thinks she's defending herself, the rest of the world sees what's actually happening which is Yang breaking a guy's fucking leg Don't worry. He's a villain and he's in on it and he has robot legs, so it's fine, but no one knows he has robot legs, so this causes a lot of unrest among the people watching and everyone seeing it on TV and fear and anxiety attract Grimm, so they all start ominously moving toward the city, and Yang's freaking the fuck out because she thinks she's losing her mind and everyone's mad at her. It's like, plot! There's plot happening, guys! Everybody, wake up! The characters finally have to do something! Then right after while Pyrrha and Penny are fighting in the tournament, Emerald makes Pyrrha see way worse attacks coming which causes her to really push her power and the tiny wires all Penny's weapons are attached to wrap around Penny, and Penny-- the character we've known for a whole season-- plus, like, five seconds at the end of volume one-- is torn to pieces. I mean, holy shit. She's a robot so it's not like a disembowelment, but this was a character and she's dead. It's fucked up. Everyone goes wild. Cinder hacks the mainframe and gives a speech about humans bad, and a million billion Grimm descend on the city and school, and the last hour of volume three starts with a fucking bang. Everything bad is happening to everyone everywhere all the time. A main character is fucking dead in pieces. People are crying. This isn't your daddy's generic "and then bad guys attack the city." This isn't volume two shit. The city is being destroyed. Caligula gets broken out of the prison he was locked in at the end of season two and starts hacking the army robots and blowing ships out of the sky. Everything's happening. Everyone's fucked. [MAN] Bring them to their knees. [JBP<B] The civil rights protesters still talk like they're fucking evil, but, I mean, generally it's pretty good. Ruby's threatening a giant bird with one of Penny's swords because she's too distraught to think straight and then it flies at her and everyone's lockers ram into it and pin it to the ground and everyone we've seen so far turns up to fight. Look. Even Weapon: Trumpet is here. This absolutely incredible shot was done by Dillon Gu. It's my favorite shot in the show, just narrowly edging out the Zwei attack, and there's great setup and payoff to it because we've known since volume one that characters can call their lockers to them to get their weapon out whenever they want it, so having them be used as weapons and just smash into this thing all at once, it's just so great. So everyone's fighting monsters. There's some great action. Ruby fights, uh, check Malcolm McDowell's IMDB for another comical name. [RUBY] Ow! [MAN] The real world is cold! [HBOMB] And he's kicking her and giving a speech about the world being a cruel, cold place. [MAN] As for me, I'll do what I do best: survive! [snarling] [HBOMB] And he's fucking dead! They just killed him! He's dead! I mean, holy shit, right? They're destroying the main setting of the story so far and killing off villains in the process. It's great! For a few short episodes, the show isn't like "Avatar" or anything else on its homework list. You're briefly glimpsing what it looks like when it's trying to be itself-- when it's being "RWBY." You know, this is why the rest of the show is so frustrating, right? Because every now and then something like this happens and you wanna see the show this stuff came from. Ruby opens Neo's umbrella and the wind fucking blows her off the ship they're flying on hundreds of feet in the air. She's dead! She's fucking dead, until people start to get bored with the show and realize that most of the new characters are really boring. Maybe you weren't supposed to assume the fall was gonna kill her, but she doesn't appear for, like, three more seasons after this so either the writers had intended to kill her and then changed their minds because they wanted the character back, or they just forgot she existed for literally fucking years. Blake gets attacked and stabbed by Adam, and he shares his incredibly good motivation for his actions. Uh, "I'm bad and I'm going to kill you." And Yang tries to help but Adam cuts her arm off. This moment is still so dramatic and visually done so well. They fake out for a second that Blake's head gets cut off but actually it was one of these illusions and she gets away, but what's amazing about this part of this show is that for a second, I believed that they might-- they just might actually kill one of the four main characters. Like, if that's not proof that this show is on to something story-wise for a hot minute, I don't know what is. Seeing Pyrrha trying to do the right thing while living with the fact she just accidentally killed one of her friends and seeing that affect her thinking is actually incredible, and from a character perspective, it's the best stuff you'll ever see in this show. It would have been really helped if Pyrrha and Penny had actually been friends or, like, on screen together basically at all before the fight where Penny dies. [PENNY] It's an honor to finally meet you. [HBOMB] Like, at this point, it's actively offensive, like, how poorly spent the time leading up to this fight is and just how much better it could have been if they'd, like, given these characters a relationship before one of them killed the other. Like, wouldn't that have been meaningful? [PENNY] Salutations, Pyrrha Nikos. [HBOMB] Do you remember when she said, "Salutations?" Do you remember? Pyrrha decides to let herself become the vessel for the previous maiden but they're too late and Cinder kills the maiden, and then Pyrrha shoves Miles into his locker where he belong--I mean, Pyrrha sends Jaune away against his will so he can survive but not before fully confessing her feelings and kissing him and tries to take Cinder on but she fails and gets shot in the heart by an arrow. Ruby turns up just too late to save her and watches as Cinder dissolves Pyrrha's body into nothing. Jesus fucking Christ! They are not messing around pretending this is a show for kids anymore, are they? And then Ruby goes, "No!" And turns out to have a magic power because she has silver eyes and this means she can instantly kill Grimm or something. I dunno. You learn about this power existing right now seven hours into the show. It's not great, but we've already talked about how weird that is. On the whole, the absolute chaos and world-changing events and the treatment of characters and emotionally interesting story moves that take place in the last four and a bit episodes of volume three make it briefly a great show, pure and simple, and this is a weird place to end a video about the problems with a show by talking about how good it was for a while and how promisingly it left its doors open, but this is really why talking is so artistically interesting, because it's always on the cusp of being good like this, and sometimes it really is, but that's also why the show is such a disappointment. That part of season three damns the rest of the surrounding show even more by telling you to have expectation because for a second you can see how good it really could be. The show hasn't got good exactly. It's just had a really good time making serious changes to the status quo of the story, but you can't sustain a story on Red Weddings alone. The new story beginning with volume four onwards has to actually be good for this to all work out, and ultimately, it doesn't. To really explore the more specific problems with volumes four onward, we'd need a whole other video. I wanted to talk in specific about the first three seasons because they stand out as the time the show seemed most likely to be going somewhere and therefor feel particularly bad when they only do it for such brief bursts-- in Monty's fights, in the promising story lines or character moments that get forgotten or dropped, and in the way they really satisfyingly did things with Pyrrha's character, but now that character is gone, so the show's back to having dozens of characters with barely one interesting personality between them. The good parts of the show really can be great, and because of this, all the bad parts are worse than bad. They're also a shame. Creating art is like jumping off a cliff and building your wings on the way down. If you want to only start when you know exactly how to get everything right, you never actually will. You never really know what you're doing until after you've started doing it. In the past couple of years of this weird life, I've met quite a few people who knew Monty and several of them have told me the same story. He'd say that he felt like the first season-- first season and a half-- first two seasons based on who was telling it-- weren't turning out super great so far, but it didn't matter if it was bad right now because in his mind the whole thing-- the act of creation itself, even-- was a process of learning. If you can really figure out how to make something, really get the production and workflow down, figure out what works and the writing, and through this process find the core of what this thing you're making is really supposed to be, it won't matter how bad it started out because where it went will be great. There's a certain manic energy-- a compelling power-- in these early seasons Even if you're having a bad time, you feel pulled along like you just wanna see how it ends up. This tone will change. As the show continues to be written and paced in frustrating ways and cheat off the answers on its anime homework and its most interesting unique aspects are continuously downplayed or ignored, it becomes more and more clear that you'll never see the show become itself. I didn't watch Monty Oum's "RWBY" to see Miles Luna's "Avatar," but that's what people are getting. If the creators of "RWBY" had started learning from their mistakes and taken to heart the good faith criticisms that people who wanted to love their show were making, "RWBY" could have really been something, but instead it'll be remembered by a majority of people as a series of really good trailers with some really strange dialogue, some really cool fight scenes to watch out of context on YouTube, and a couple of inexplicably quite good episodes at the end of the third season. The real shame of "RWBY" is everyone whose work goes unsung because it's in a show that sucks-- people like Shane Newville who left the show and released a massive open letter detailing his feelings about the company's treatment of the show after Monty's passing, or Harley Dwortz who contributes a lot to making some of the best parts or the many other animators and artists who are still to this day putting time and effort and attention into things that get ignored or thrown away or just executed terribly because the story telling isn't there. It's clear that a lot of really skilled artists and animators work on "RWBY" to this day but the mishandling of the show's story and production means that it fails to reflect their talents, and that is probably the worst thing a show can do. It's important to talk about this show and where it went wrong because while this is the first attempt to make an animated web series of basically anything like this scale, it won't necessarily be the last, and that means we have to learn all the lessons we can from its production problems and failures or we'll see them get repeated again. I want there to be a show one day that represents what "RWBY" and that means recognizing the show's potential and where it went wrong. "RWBY" will probably never be the show it promised to be but with the gift of learning the lessons it has to teach, maybe something else can be. Thank you very much for watching. Hey, thanks for making it all the way through this video. I promise to never make anything this long again for my sake if not yours. This time I'd like to really seriously thank my patrons for watching an early cut and giving me some really useful notes. It was a particularly big help this time, and I really appreciate the difference it's made. I'd also really like to thank Tantacrul who produced the fantastic opening theme. He has a video on his channel about the process of making it which is super great and you should check that out as well. Note to self: have the YouTube pop-up thing do that now. I don't know what it's called. I talked about some serious issues and it didn't feel right monetizing a video while talking about real world problems like that. I was going to announce in the Faunus chapter that I was gonna give the ad revenue from this video to a bail fund, but Rooster Teeth can be very strange about copyright and monetization and I don't want to make a promise I can't keep. I'll post an update if we end up being able to do that. Um, thanks a lot and, uh, yeah, I love you.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Eatcopperwire [4 likes]: ready player one for zillenials
  2. @KaeblieDesign [3 likes]: It is just like these show runners to name the stupidest most incompetent man after one of the  most famous, competent and incredible French Woman that I know about
  3. @larsonsmith2792 [2 likes]: Yup, the main issue is Worldbuilding

It was never set whhen they started making it
  4. @TiershonSwasey [2 likes]: This review just comes across as you hating on the show and anyone who likes it, period. People can enjoy this show and still enjoy anime; these are not mutually exclusive. Hope you have a good day.
  5. @muffy7268 [1 likes]: Patricia taxxon worked on this one??? damnnn problematic video...
  6. @J0HND03-OOE [1 likes]: I never knew that RWBY is an American animated IP because I first learned about it from its inclusion in BlazBlue: Cross Tag Battle. I think it is the only entry from America.
  7. @euryanagc [1 likes]: Unlike RWBY, you promised and delivered a excellent video
  8. @tminusboom [1 likes]: The whole Dust explanation could have been skipped entirely by just having Roman use Dust in several ways during the fight. All the intro would have needed to do is name it at the end.
  9. @basefrost [1 likes]: 1:10:01 The lack of plot got so intentse that a plot hole actually manifested. I wonder if you're doing a video for The Ancient Magus Bride season 2 for it to take 2 years❤
  10. @KerzacTransformed [1 likes]: Sad part is, the White Fang being the bad guys could've actually worked and been very deep social commentary, but it would take competent writers and a lot of rewrites and interviews with oppressed people. 

Showing what happens when the moral high ground goes too far could have made for an amazing show. But that takes a lot of nuisance.
  11. @SirStar-f2o [1 likes]: Yeah only """explaining""" dust in the very start of the show is what made the who story so confusing. Even in Avatar they explain the entire primes of the show and what bending is.

I just watched the rest the rest of the video and forgot how much of Avatar, RWBY copied from.
  12. @kornblazer [1 likes]: 00:42 when he said jojo ball knowledge expert
  13. @charrystarsandskies: 56:39 you know you can be inspired by anime and NOT MAKE ALL THE CHARACTERS TEENAGERS RIGHT???
  14. @charrystarsandskies: 30:13 i hate the voice of this placeholder art so much
  15. @mini_hek: nowadays we would call this actionslop, writing that barely functions as a vehicle between hype moments and aura
  16. @destroyer-of-fun: 1:35:39 Annoyed that they didn’t copy the one thing they should’ve from avatar: one of the characters being the moon. The moon is a pretty common character in FAIRY TALES. WHERE ARE THE FAIRY TALES GUYS??
  17. @basefrost: 2:15 I wish.
  18. @KerzacTransformed: Jaune losing the girl he loves is also copied from Sokka
  19. @FalseGardener: *burps*
"Full of sound and fury— signifying nothing."
  20. @CryptTheNecromancer: The fight scenes tell a better story because the OG who invented the story, is the one who wrote them, animated them, the whole shebang. 

Dude was a legend. Died too soon. Wish he could've critiqued what they did to his baby

- The Inevitable Downfall Of Westworld: Kind: captions Language: en-US Damn. Feels good to be back. Let's celebrate. How did Westworld go from this absolutely brilliant scene to a complete mess in just a few short seasons? Well, despite being one of the most impressive and critically acclaimed television series of the 2010s, a cacophony of poor narrative decisions, shifting corporate interests and a few freak accidents caused it all to come crashing down. The passage from one world to the next requires bold step, Bernard. But before we get too lost in a maze, please be sure to like, comment and subscribe to Nerdstalgic for more videos just like this. Today, the original Westworld, its sequel, Future World, or the long forgotten TV series Beyond Westworld, are not remembered as the high watermark of seventies cinematic achievement. However, it has a stalwart fan base of loyalists who love the franchise's dystopian edge, produce cyberpunk aesthetics and Yul Brynner's stoic Terminator esque performance. Yet after the franchise ran aground in 1980, after only three episodes of Beyond Westworld hit the airwaves, it proved rather difficult to get anyone at Warner Brothers to give the property any real attention. Then, in 2011, after a turnover of the studio's executives, the studio's interest in seriously pursuing the project began to manifest in earnest. Producer Jerry Weintraub, mostly known for the Ocean's 11 films, took on the project, too. Two people The husband and wife writing team, Jonathan Nolan and Lisa Joy. Who would breathed fresh life into creator Michael Crichton's idea of an Old West themed pleasure park populated by robots. Nolan and Joy concocted a take on the material that was simultaneously attempting to be high art and commercial. The first season of the show would have a driving mystery about the iconic Man in Black, now played by Ed Harris, stalking through the Westworld Park, attempting to solve the riddle of the maze. Evan, Rachel Woods, Delores, Jeffrey Wright's Bernard and Thandie Newton's Maeve are all trapped in various kinds of mazes, many of which relate to the nature of consciousness and the inherent right that all sentient beings have of self-determination and free will. We can’t define conciousness, because conciousness doesn’t exist. Crichton's original idea of a theme park where the mega wealthy go to spend time reveling in the pleasures of the past, had been taken and evolved to another level. The true genius of the first season of Westworld is that it's a self-contained story with a beginning, middle and an end. The central mystery of the maze is tied into multiple characters arcs and the ultimate twist. Spoilers if you haven't seen Westworld. But at the conclusion of the story, William and the Man in Black are revealed to be the same character. And that half of the show we've been watching has been secretly told in flashbacks to a timeline transpiring 30 years prior. The show was a smash hit. It was ranked on every critic's best of year-end lists, and it proved to be an exceedingly valuable asset for HBO being nominated for multiple awards. In fact, some commentators speculated that when Game of Thrones inevitably concluded, perhaps Westworld would take over as HBO's number one show. Tragically, that was not to be. Season two of the series was not as well-received. show was in something of a hard spot. Narratively speaking, everyone loved the twist of multiple timelines and expected some sort of formalist element to be incorporated into the new season. But Nolan and Joy obviously couldn't pull off a big reveal in the same way, So they opted to have two parallel timelines starring Bernard play out simultaneously, not attempting to hide the structural gimmick, but instead lean into it. The only problem being that it's just plain confusing. In season one, when the narrative jumps back and forth between the two timelines. There are no location or time graphics displayed on screen to make sure the audience is following along appropriately. Because on first viewing, you're literally not supposed to know There are two timelines. Ah yes, your mysterious backstory. To complicate things even further. While Season one had the mystery of the Maze, Season two had multiple quests and mysteries the forge the door, and the valley beyond, That's just too many narrative devices to have our characters attempting to understand or reckon with. As the series rolled out, many critics and viewers felt that the show had lost its way It just failed to exceed the massive promise of the initial season. After the conclusion of the second season The show undergoes a soft reboot. The scale completely shifts and the show becomes ostensibly a fully future-set cyberpunk dystopia. The third season follows Dolores on her mission outside of Westworld as she attempts to stop an evil corporation that is using a hyper intelligent algorithm codename Rehoboam, which had perfected a mathematical equation that could accurately predict the trajectory of humans lives. This has effectively restructured society creating massive wealth and education inequality. The head of this company, played by Vincent Cassel, is a man named Serac, who has effectively used Rehoboam to become the most powerful and influential figure in human history. season sees the addition of many new characters, most notably Caleb Nichols, played by Aaron Paul, as well as resurrecting many previously killed off characters as host clones under the control of Dolores. Some fans felt this course correction from a genre and stylistic perspective was too jarring. Why is the show called Westworld? If we're just fully in the future battling essentially Skynet? Sure, the show has inverted the themes of free will and sentience, You still don't even understand who you are. If any of this was your choice. but many viewers felt that the shift was too drastic. You've got to give it up for Jonathan Nolan and Lisa Joy, though, they fully went for it. They took viewers money and all the audience goodwill they gained from season one of the show and tried to make something wholly unique. But here's the question Was this massive shift? Because in November of 2018, many of the sets located on Paramount Ranch were destroyed by the Woolsey Fire. That's not exactly clear, but it does seem likely. So Season four is around the corner. Nolan and Joy probably got their act together and pivoted back to the Western thing in order to try and reclaim the highs of season one. Right? Wrong. They doubled down on the future science fiction setting. Season four of the show is a complex web of narratives that center around the host, Charlotte, who is now using bioengineered flies to mind control humanity and forcing them to live on pre-determined loops of behavior. We follow Caleb, Bernard, and Maeve as they attempt to undo this newly distinctly bleak status quo, struggling for both their own free will, but also the free will of humanity itself. This season crescendos into Dolores, who's been living without her memories for most of the season, being given back her identity and setting up a new, fresh start for everyone in newly restarted versions of Westworld, inside the Sublime. Hale didn’t design my and Peter and all the others that kept my company in my world. I did it. Does that sound hard to follow? Well, that's what a lot of viewers felt as well. Or rather the viewers that actually showed up. when Season four of Westworld debuted. It did not launch with favorable ratings. Season one's premiere nabbed a very impressive 12 million viewers. The season four premiere, only approximately 4 million people tuned in. Westworld's convoluted narrative, finally proved too much to sustain. That's how you get HBO canceling one of their flagship titles after only a few years. It's rumored that the first season cost roughly $100 million to produce. With production budgets in that ballpark, viewership in the four millions just isn't going to cut it for the mega prestige play that HBO was looking for. Nolan and Joy are quoted in a Hollywood Reporter piece about the cancellation, saying, We've been privileged to tell these stories about the future of consciousness, both human and beyond. and the brief window of a time before our air overlords forbids us from doing so. Part of that sentiment rings true, and part of it seems deeply unappreciative of the fact they were allowed to paint on the largest canvas in the history of mankind with relatively few restrictions. Westworld's rapid decline away from cultural centrality is just one more bellwether of the rapid approaching heat death of monoculture. HBO was founded on these types of big, brassy ideas. shows that have a point of view and a perspective and could pull people in thanks to their memorable characters. But you can't fight the coming of the dawn. There's more content being produced now more than ever. Culture is fractured and people are seeking out ever increasingly smaller niches to delve into. Westworld failing is equal parts Nolan and Joy not being able to avoid a sophomore slump, changing cultural tastes, and also the simple fact that in the streaming wars we all lose. And well, that's all we have for this episode of Nerdstalgic. Please be sure to like, comment and subscribe for more videos just like this.

  Top Comments:
  1. @allthecolors6900 [1 likes]: Season 1 really used a lot of content from the West World 1973 film. Which was awesome. Ed Harris plays the "Black Man" instead of a Black Knight or Yul Brynner's "Gunslinger" And it worked well considering most of the West World series season 1 played out in West World. Season 2 was OKAY but by the middle to end of the season, it moved so far away from the original concept, and what it established in season 1. By season 3 I lost all interest because now West World had morphed into some kind of mixture of Minority Report meets Terminator. And it made zero sense. I never finished watching this series because it was not West World
  2. @annc9166: So glad i never made it to season 4
  3. @hiplobonoxa: nothing went wrong. it was prestige television and was heading where it was always meant to go, up until the plug was pulled by new management who wanted to focus on producing cheap reality content.

people who were there for robot cowboys and indians in a theme park were there for the wrong reason. it was always an exploration of consciousness and the biological/digital physical/virtual singularity.
  4. @wryterzblock: *THANDIWE Newton, tyvm.
  5. @jt_mallett_ii: Ok before i go into this show. Could get a time travel westworld like seaon 1 maybe would ppl be down for that. I want sci cowboy shiii. Sci fi yellowstone. Or something
  6. @JUJIRAW: Well if you didn’t get to Season 4 and only Stopped after Season 1, You honestly don’t have the right to speak much on the show if your brain couldn’t handle the idea of all the aspects the show had to offer. S1&2 were top tier, Season 3 was pretty lame but S4 ended with a bang. Very well put together Series.
  7. @v1per187: Season 4 went downhill so badly. All the likable characters were killed and the plot made no sense. The handling of the Man in Black human character was also poorly done in S4.
  8. @AgentPepsi1: Season 1 was about characters, that is what the audience fell in love with.  Then it went to mindless spectacle and ratings tanked
  9. @frankswarbrick7562: I didn't finish the first season.  I don't remember why, as I think I mostly liked it.  Obviously didn't watch the rest.  That being said, contrary to this video's premise, seeing these details on all of the seasons kind of make me want to watch the entire series.  It looks like its not even streaming anywhere currently, so unless I want to buy it, I guess I won't be watching it after all.
  10. @Kevinb1821: I’m sure Lisa Joy didn’t dominate the narrative after the first season
  11. @carlmerchant779: No Hopkins  No Show!!!!!!!!!  they should have skipped ahead 10-20yrs then made season 2 take place
  12. @TileGuyJesse: Cassandra Peterson, (AKA Elvira) at 1:10
  13. @danielgx83: your being too polite this is a very bad series like one of the worst in the world id say
  14. @davidclark2669: Like so many usa series.... way way way over complicated further down the line, so sad
  15. @DaviidsWorld: Season 3 was so good
  16. @Vesp3r1987: what went wrong is HBO's incompetent management. And to this day i cant fathom why tf did they remove the show from their own platform
  17. @HGLehnsdal: Trying to push female boss agenda is what went wrong
  18. @rs527: it's sad that the narrator of this vid has never seen the series as "he" (it?) mispronounces several of the names.
  19. @Dorji_守る33: Hate to say it, but once Arron Paul was introduced as a main character, they lost the plot and it became meaningless.
  20. @no_one01-5: I was so thoroughly enjoying season 1 and it's ending that I didn't even bother with season 2, and from what I've heard from others, I didn't miss anything. I'm glad I didn't wasted my time watching the seasons 2-4.

- 5 MISTAKES in the 1st 30 SECONDS ⏰ - Fr. Mark Goring, CC: Kind: captions Language: en Praise be Jesus Christ. In the first 30 seconds of someone walking into a Catholic church, I can tell whether or not they're a little clued out. Here are five common mistakes people make walking into a Catholic church that reveals they're not a practicing Catholic. Now, let me be clear. We are thrilled. We're so happy when new people come to Catholic church. And so this video is meant to help. Mistake number one, the Starbucks entrance. Occasionally, you'll see someone walk into a Catholic church with a coffee from their favorite coffee shop. Now, they obviously don't realize you don't drink coffee in a Catholic church. A Catholic church is a sacred space. It's not a lounge. So, either leave your coffee in the car before you walk into the church or just plan to grab a coffee after church. Mistake number two, walking right by the holy water font. At every entrance of a Catholic church is a holy water font. Catholics bless themselves with holy water as they walk into a Catholic church. If you don't know how to do that, get someone to teach you how to do that. Mistake number three, passing in front of the tabernacle and doing nothing. The heart of every Catholic church is the Eucharistic presence of Jesus in the tabernacle. Get a Catholic friend to teach you about that. As Catholics, when we pass in front of the tabernacle, we show reverence by genuflecting, by dropping our right knee to the ground. You'll see people doing that. That's a sign that you're a practicing Catholic. Mistake number four, sliding into your pew as though you're at a movie theater. Practicing Catholics, when they get to their pew, if they haven't genuflected yet, they will genuflect, then they'll sit down and they'll recollect themselves. Typically, they'll even take some time kneeling in prayer to prepare for the celebration of the Holy Eucharist. Mistake number five, once you're seated, looking around as though you're were checking out who's there, looking at the beautiful artwork. Catholics when they enter into a Catholic church understand that this is a holy place, it's a place of prayer, and so their focus is on the Lord, not looking around. These are five common mistakes new people make when they walk into a Catholic church that makes it obvious that they're not a practicing Catholic. I made this video to help people in this situation. You're welcome. And my scripture for you today from First Samuel man looks at the appearance, but God looks into the heart. Viva Cristo Rey. The best way to support my online ministry is to support your spiritual life by joining my school of reading. You'll receive books in the mail in a weekly teaching [music] on the book being studied. Go to schoolofreading.com and sign up today.

  Top Comments:
  1. @FrMarkGoring [36 likes]: Hype the video! ⭐️ and leave a comment if you learned something new ⬇️
  2. @RH-ro3sg: No. 1 isn't specifically Catholic, I think. I'm protestant (atl least, raised as), but wouldn't take coffee inside a church. The others sound more specifically Catholic to me.
  3. @albertadriftwood: Father, I'm not a practicing Catholic, and I try to comply, although it feels a little awkward, as if I'm pretending to be Catholic.  Nevertheless, doing so doing reminds me that I've entered a sacred place where, for a few moments, I can leave the world behind.  Someday I hope to receive the holy Eucharist.
  4. @friedawells6860: "If I have all faith, so as to remove mountains, but have not love, I am nothing. If I give away all I have, and if I deliver my body to be burned, but have not love, I gain nothing." 
- 1 Corinthians 13:2-3

I see a lot of folks in the comments totally bent out of shape about people not respecting silence in the church because they are greeting each other before mass. 
You may very well be in the right, but do you love your fellow parishioners? 
You've been going to the same church for years; do you know the faithful there at all? Or do you get in, say your prayers in silence, and leave quickly without greeting anyone?

Saint Paul constantly writes about the imporatance of greeting each other, exhorting each other, sorrowing and joying together, encouraging one another in the faith.

The goal of the spiritual life is not to say your prayers in the most efficient way possible, but to grow in love of God and of neighbour.
  5. @cathcolwell-b9x: I understand all of this - the importance of reverence;  if anybody is looking around, it's to see if others are 'doing it right'.  Nah, nope, uh uh, no thanks.
  6. @LorettaGrace-kf7kh: I once saw a teacher bringing a class of students to Mass. She was carrying a coffee. She placed it on the organ seat, and then  knocked it onto the floor, 2 minutes before the start, in front of all the kids. There was a mad rush to clean it up! No one, including the priest said anything!
  7. @mikeryan3701: I see lots of Catholics who regularly attend Mass walking past the tabernacle without geneuflecting (or even nodding, which seems to be the custom among some Catholics, these days). They are behaving wrongly but does it make them non-practising Catholics?
  8. @giuseppemangiarini9994: La citazione del brano di Samuele è scritto secondo la modalità tipica dei protestanti cioè con i : e non con la , ( virgola) esempio
1 Samuele 16, 7 - 11
  9. @Cloudatlas21: Please provide a dispensation for those of us with creaky knees
 I do genuflect when I can but it's not always possible. Bowing your head or lowering the knee, I hope these are acceptable.
  10. @Joe67888: I am not Catholic, but I was invited to a mass once, and I want to know if I was accidentally rude by not making the sign of the cross when everyone else did.  Thank you.  I found your video interesting and just wanted to know how to behave next time someone invites me to the Catholic mass.
  11. @SestroC: I'd add - maybe to the last one, maybe separately - chatting with others in the church. (By the way, how does one 'hype' a video?)
  12. @anetakibanaki6350: As a protestant, our churches are empty for reason. To not be distracted from the reason you're actually there in church. So question is, why decorate so lavishly im Catholic churches, if people shouldn't look😅Oh, and please leave coffee and food out of protestant churches as well, thank you.
  13. @jeffnorris5735: I am a practicing Catholic, but I do not use holy water fonts, as they tend to be unsanitary. Multiple peer-reviewed studies over the past 25 years, primarily in Europe, have consistently found high levels of bacterial contamination in them, including known human pathogens.
  14. @ad-ko5iy: Artworks are also there to teach us. And we still have a lot to learn.
  15. @WrongTimeline: I did 2 and 4 all the time.   
For over a decade.
Thanks for the correction.
  16. @karendegraaf3572: Literally just described every big evangelical mega church ever....
  17. @missoulacatholic: Im guilty of #5 when I Go into a new church.
  18. @TeresaAman: I often skip the holy water fountain because I know it’s the weakest sort. Is that terrible? Wish exorcised water was the norm.
  19. @rosavillanueva5189: Without knowing, I've commited those mistakes. Not eating, that seemed logical, but the rest I have. We didn't have the Holy Water Font in my closest Temple, so it was a bit of a surprise when it was on any other Temple. I wouldn't kneel in front of The Taberbacle, but we used to sign and lean a bit whenever we passed, because we were taught it was rude to go from one side to the other without doing so (kinda like in movie theaters). Looking around was and still is an issue for me, mostly because I need to know what is going on and if everything is alright, and usually I get bored when doing nothing but waiting.
  20. @oldwarrant4: I enjoy looking around because the church is the place where heaven and earth meet. It's supposed to be beautiful and draw our attention to the greater reality beyond what we see for the moment.

- 10 Tips to Solve the Rubik's Cube in 30 Seconds!: Kind: captions Language: en if you want to solve the Rubik's&nbsp; Cube in less than 30 seconds it's not to much about how much knowledge you have but more about applying what you&nbsp; already know in the best way possible although there are a few prerequisites&nbsp; before we get to the 10 tips first of all you need to know&nbsp; the basics of the CFOP method now I have an entire playlist that&nbsp; goes over how to solve the cross the first two layers and then OLL and PLL but the tips in this video apply to&nbsp; whatever level you are using the CFOP method secondly you need to know some basic finger tricks which means wrist turns for for R or L moves index finger turns for the U layer thumb for F moves and then ring finger for D moves but most importantly R U turns&nbsp; like this and L U turns like that and then lastly, once again, you&nbsp; cannot be sub 30 using a cube like this so it is really time right now&nbsp; to get yourself a Speed Cube you can get any sort of Speed&nbsp; Cube starting from just $8 but whatever Speed Cube you buy make sure to go to thecubicle.com and use discount&nbsp; code "CUBEHEAD" for a huuuuuuuuuge discount thank you so much (ft. typo) now using the CFOP method I suggest&nbsp; aiming for these splits which are 4 seconds for the cross 16 seconds for f2l or 4 seconds for each pair and then a total of 10 seconds for the last layer tip 1: try to plan as much&nbsp; of your cross as possible even during competitions you have 15 seconds of&nbsp; inspection time so use those seconds really well you're only solving four pieces and&nbsp; the main goal here is to just know&nbsp;&nbsp; what you're going to do before you actually do it so whenever you start to do a cross let's&nbsp; first look at where the pieces currently are which are here here here and here and then try to visualize yourself solving it so I know this green piece is solved&nbsp; so let's hold that one at the back so we have an overview of all the remaining&nbsp; cross pieces and where we need to solve them I know I can insert the red one just by one turn then align the orange one which&nbsp; will put the blue one right here so finally after inserting the orange one I&nbsp; can just align the blue one and solve that one okay let's close our eyes and this is a way you can&nbsp; predict your entire cross but even if you cannot predict the&nbsp; entire cross you should always try&nbsp;&nbsp; to have an idea of where the pieces will end up tip 2: develop muscle memory&nbsp; by doing a lot of solves to understand muscle memory try&nbsp; to think of typing on your phone you don't think about how to place&nbsp; your fingers for each and every letter you just do those things automatically&nbsp; because you've done them so many times now the same thing is true for cubing if you've solved pairs a lot of times and with&nbsp;&nbsp; that I mean at least having&nbsp; done like multiple solves you automatically do stuff&nbsp; and you don't really think&nbsp;&nbsp; about it because you've done it so many times and this is because your subconscious mind&nbsp; is way faster than your conscious mind once you don't have to think about stuff and&nbsp;&nbsp; automatically do them you&nbsp; can solve pieces way faster now I'll plug a video at the end of&nbsp; this video which goes in more detail but the fastest way to develop muscle memory&nbsp; is to first understand what you really doing for example if we're solving&nbsp; these two pieces right here I know I have to put the corner right here so I&nbsp;&nbsp; can hide it and move this&nbsp; edge over to create a pair even if you do the movements and&nbsp; do not understand what you're doing it will be harder for you&nbsp; to develop muscle memories but if you really understand what you're doing and&nbsp; understand what the goal is and how to achieve it building muscle memory will be way easier tip 3: avoid doing filler moves and I wish I knew this tip way&nbsp; earlier because I still do them&nbsp;&nbsp; but it's really good to stop doing them early on now what are filler moves? so essentially any move you do that doesn't&nbsp;&nbsp; really have any benefit except for&nbsp; looking around and tracking pieces those are filler moves for example if I'm at this position and&nbsp; I cannot really find the pair right away doing a U right now or doing a U' is a filler move doing this is a filler move and even just doing a sexy move to just move&nbsp;&nbsp; pieces around to hopefully see&nbsp; more pieces is a filler move so we don't want to do those things instead if&nbsp;&nbsp; you're at this position and your cross&nbsp; is solved first look at what you can see I can see this edge right here and&nbsp; I can see this corner right here so just by doing this and&nbsp; just looking around a bit I&nbsp;&nbsp; already found two pieces without&nbsp; having to do any filler moves tip 4: know how to do easy inserts from the back even further down your cubing&nbsp; career you will always try to&nbsp;&nbsp; set up to easier cases like this one right here and you'll start to understand that you do not&nbsp;&nbsp; always want to solve into the front&nbsp; right like we've been doing so far so this is the perfect time to try to understand&nbsp; how to do these easy inserts from the back so R U R' like this one right here we can&nbsp; do from this side as well by doing L U L' now these are the exact same&nbsp; moves but just from the other&nbsp;&nbsp; side so try to visualize what you're doing again so we bring the corner to the edge and we can&nbsp;&nbsp; slide it in the slot and then&nbsp; realign the cross like that let's try to do the same for this pair right&nbsp;&nbsp; here so normally we would put it&nbsp; on the side and then insert it try to visualize what you're&nbsp; doing from the back right now so we bring it to that side, open its slot,&nbsp; insert the pair and then close the slot again and you should be able to do&nbsp; the same stuff from the other side so if I use my left hand for this side right here I would use my right hand for this side right here and the last example this three mover like that we would do using the right hand just like that if I were building F2L and&nbsp; a pair like this shows up instead of doing this and then inserting&nbsp; the pair in the front like that try to do it from the back because I know that blue and orange&nbsp; is in the back left right here I can insert it just like that if you start doing it initially it's going to&nbsp;&nbsp; be pretty difficult but you'll&nbsp; get the hang of it in no time tip 5: intuitively set up or preserve pairs for example right here if you want to solve these&nbsp;&nbsp; two pieces in my video I said to put&nbsp; the corner this side and then do R U R' which gives us these two pieces right here but if you go back there's already a pair formed but once I do this I break up the pair so the question now becomes how do I take&nbsp; out this pair without ruining both pieces if I would just do an R move the pair&nbsp; is put in the TOP* layer like this but but I want to realign the cross so if I just&nbsp; do a U' and move the pair out of the way I can close the cross again and this&nbsp; pair right now is put into the top layer which we can just insert, from the back this time just like that whenever you see something that you think mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh maybe I can work with this try to do so for example right here this&nbsp; piece and this piece right here to get them both into the top layer separate I told you to move the edge&nbsp; right here and then do R U R' which gives us this pair right here but instead I can notice something if I just do an R move: orange goes into the top so if the edge would be right&nbsp; here we would actually form a pair so doing that again but&nbsp; putting the edge right here if I now do R U R' we actually put the pair&nbsp; into the top layer right away if you can notice stuff like this&nbsp; yourself that's really impressive and that can really help you shave off&nbsp; some seconds from your solving time tip 6: Master your last layer algorithms if I see headlights right now I know I have to do a T- Perm now initially we probably&nbsp; had to think about it like okay doing a sexy move doing a sledgehammer then keeping track of the pair right here but you don't want to do&nbsp; this sort of thinking at all if I say do a T- Perm you'll be like okay and do&nbsp; a T- Perm just like that what I sometimes do by myself and I also&nbsp; advise you to do whenever you're chilling to develop better muscle memory for algorithms is to just have a solved cube&nbsp; and do a bunch of algorithms so for example let me do two T- Perms right now bam cube is solved again let's try to do that faster * GOD SPEED * but just doing this one enough&nbsp; because you also want to train&nbsp;&nbsp; yourself to see headlights and then do a T- Perm this is also called the recall of the algorithm but the only way to get to that&nbsp; point is just to do a lot of solves so you create a lot of opportunities of having to&nbsp; train muscle memory and recalling the algorithm tip 7: know which cases you are solving you might have noticed this yourself during solves&nbsp; but whenever you get a T- shaped OLL like here and you have headlights right there if you do the line algorithm&nbsp; from this side so F sexy F' you would build OLL in one step for the hook case right here we&nbsp; want to get this D-shaped right here with a full line like that if we then do the algorithm&nbsp; we will get OLL in one step for the dot case we want to have a full&nbsp; line right here, a line here and a line here if we then hold the full line&nbsp; to the left and do our algorithm which is F sexy F' into this hook case we would do OLL in one step and then onto a T- Perm if you have headlights right here and you have a bar here as well as here so two bars opposite of each other if we have this case and we do a T-&nbsp; Perm we would solve PLL in one step and then finally if you do not have any&nbsp; headlights but you have a bar here and here hold one bar in the front and one to the right and if we then do a Y- perm we did PLL in one step next up I'm going to show you&nbsp; two more OLL cases that you&nbsp;&nbsp; actually already know because you know the Y-Perm the first one is here so we have a T right now but instead of&nbsp; headlights right here we have a bar here and here if you have that hold the T just like this do a sexy move and a sledge this solves OLL in one step and the reason I said that&nbsp; you actually already know&nbsp;&nbsp; this algorithm because this&nbsp; is the end part of a Y-Perm but the next OLL I'm showing you which is when you have a square&nbsp; right here a dot right here and a bar here plus here you hold it just like this with a bar&nbsp; in the front and a bar to the right and now you can just do the&nbsp; beginning part of the Y- Perm which goes like this which solves OLL in one step and then the last tip for the last layer is&nbsp; to also avoid doing filler moves right here for example if we get to PLL right&nbsp; now and I want to look for headlights don't start doing stuff like this and then oH hErE tHeY aRe and then put them to the left like that and then do the algorithm t hen start doing this by doing this you'll just waste a lot of&nbsp; moves and also you'll create really bad habits tip 10: practice by using a cube timer and this is the first time I actually&nbsp; get to announce something pretty exciting but I'm actually working on my own&nbsp; timer together with a little team and I will announce more of that really soon it's going to be super&nbsp; exciting guys (understatement) but in the meantime you can&nbsp; use timers like cstimer.net&nbsp;&nbsp; or cubedesk.io which I both really like and the benefit of that is first of all you get&nbsp; a scramble so you get to practice Cube notation and you also have legit scrambles that you can&nbsp;&nbsp; try to do again later if you want to&nbsp; analyze some of the mistakes you made or just want to redo a really interesting scramble secondly you'll get to keep an overview of&nbsp; your times so whenever you start improving you can kind of see the&nbsp; curve go down you'll be like Oh I'm getting faster and faster once you can understand all&nbsp; of the tips in this video maybe it's time to get to&nbsp; the intermediate CFOP course where we will learn the optimal way to solve&nbsp;&nbsp; the cross and F2L pairs and we will&nbsp; learn algs for each OLL and PLL case as well cover some more speed cubing fundamentals I'm really excited to be&nbsp; your mentor on this journey and I'll see you soon

  Top Comments:
  1. @CubeHead [342 likes]: 1:00 at first I thought I made a mistake but then I decided that "ch" stands for CubeHead and we're all good again :)

stay tuned for future tutorials, I'll soon be releasing intermediate CFOP vids!
  2. @thirdycelebrado9606 [1 likes]: Mine my first speed cube is 3:55
  3. @supurnikamaduwanthi8948 [1 likes]: Under 1 minute 
👇
  4. @IMCOOKING_FOOD: Under 2 min avg team
  5. @KhouPanhabothOG: ⬇️Under 30sec team
  6. @kendrahandy1937: Got 43.16
  7. @anjupandey80: Bro ngl i have a memory of a goldfish
  8. @loocheung-n8j: ⬇️under 40 sec team
  9. @AldreenVelasco: Under 25 here
  10. @SfdRtrrr: i am dihan 😊
  11. @SalimaBarrie-y1l: Hi what s u 😂😂😂😂
  12. @NihalKsd263: After all we want no pauses for 30s don't worry practice make perfect we will be a perfect plan we can achieve that
  13. @thirdycelebrado9606: Mine 1:25 less than 1:30
  14. @spartangod1110: The Gospel:

Jesus Christ died on the cross to pay the debt for all our sins.He died, and rose again 3 days later, defeating death. Because of that, He now offers us eternal life through the Holy Spirit, if we choose to accept Him in our Hearts and become Reborn.
  15. @studywithowyn: Hey cube head thanks for teaching me CFOP I watch ur Vida and my record is 48.36 so thank you
  16. @JWCubing-n4d: make one for 15 sec please other than jperm i can find any good ones😢
  17. @XianGabrielSalamat: Pov you memories a pll and then you forget and then your hand start moving by their own
  18. @EricGuo-h8d: I can get sub 30 but never get sub 20
  19. @srinivaspiramalla3871: J4i4i
  20. @randomuser-w5w: Under 30 seconds team ⬇

- I Judged 100+ Pianists: 5 Mistakes That Eliminated Them in 30 Seconds: Kind: captions Language: en [music] >> Preparing for a piano competition is a very stressful and long journey. Most of pianists prepare for months and they still don't advance. Not because they are not prepared, because they prepare for the wrong things. There are five things that judges hear the most in almost every case we hear them in the first 30 seconds to a minute. Hello, my name is Sohy Kun. I'm a concert pianist. I played piano for 30 years. [music] I won a major piano competitions at both national and international levels and judged at both levels. By the end of the video, you will know exactly what judges are listening for and then how to [music] bring it into your own preparation. Let's dive in. >> [music] >> A lot of students don't really realize that the performance hall has a lot more reverb than the practice room. If you don't adjust your hearing and then not pedaling, your sounds are likely to be very muddy and wet. And also just expect that you you will use less pedal um because reverb always makes sounds a lot more um rounder and then whatever articulation you do are less likely to be crispy on the judges' side. >> The second is voicing. Um voicing is what makes your sound and your playing dimensional. That tells the judges that you understand texture, harmony, balance, and register. This sophistication and detail work can really um stands you out from the crowd. >> Here's the myth most pianists believe. Fast equals exciting. It doesn't. Energy comes from gesture, direction, and shape. Not a speed. Fast without control doesn't impress judges. >> But here's what I do with the tempo. I intentionally practice 20 to 30% slower than my targeted tempo because I know when my nerves kicked in and it'll be right at the tempo that I wanted. So, practice slower than your performance tempo. Also, while you perform, you can always adjust your tempo. So, if you feel like you cannot hear your notes while you perform, grab your tempo. When you can hear yourself, audience cannot hear you at all. So, don't forget that you are the one who owns the tempo. Judges are not impressed by your volume. We're impressed by the range of your dynamic and then quality of your sounds. More you can control your volume, wider range you have in your sound, the more you will shine. >> Shape shape shape your phrases. Phrasing is one of the most most important thing. Think about how we speak. Think about how we sing. There is always a shape. Music is all about ups and downs, right? Even at the most technical passages, there has to be a shape. >> I've sat on a jury, listened to a hundreds of applicants and the vast majority of them play the same piece. I mean, one of the go-to concerto is Rach 3 and Tchaikovsky 1. So, every note is compared against every Rach 3 you've heard. So, that being said, please find your niche. Please find the piece that serves you the best. And also, be more strategic with your repertoire choices. You don't want to choose the piece just because everybody plays or that's just, you know, that's the the most famous piece or that's the piece that works the best in the competition. Well, not necessarily if everybody plays that piece, okay? And also, this is a great opportunity for you to explore your identity as a musician. Now, find what you like and then find what you are good at. So, please take advantage of this opportunity not only to just win the competition, but also to really get to know who you are as an artist.

  Top Comments:
  1. @pianosohee [2 likes]: Which of these 5 hit closest to home? Drop the number - I read every comment, and your comments help me shape my next content

🎹 If you're prepping seriously and want to work 1:1 : pianosohee.com/piano-studio
  2. @gandalf94013 [1 likes]: 0:28 Are you deliberately writing the mistakes as mistkates? Very good.
  3. @findmads [1 likes]: If you can lose in music, you are in the wrong place at the wrong time and have forgotten why you started playing in the first place 🎉
  4. @TSY5909: Too many Classical pieces are played way too fast. It saddens me that so much of the details of the brilliant writing is hidden that way for the audience.
  5. @Ubermenscherie: The book "foundation of a piano method" by Sebastien Heps really helped me bringing my skills to the next level !
  6. @extremepianochannel: I once heard a young pianist play a concert - he was just 17 years old at the time. The first 40 minutes of the concert were so bad I almost walked out, literally. Then he came out and gave what I consider to be one of the greatest performances of anything that I have ever heard. Just for that performance, I rank him among the greatest twenty- maybe the greatest ten pianists -  that I have ever heard. So these competitions mean absolutely nothing to me. I am confident that this standard that competitions hold contestants to today will soon become obsolete- and that music will once again be reinstated in society for what it was originally intended to- and not merely to pit aspiring young wannabes against one another, so that some panelists who may or may not have some nepotistic connections to said participants may reward them based on a set of pre-determined criteria or arbitrary personal preferences, whether justified or not.
  7. @ikmarchini: "Competitions are for horses, not artists." Bela Bartok
  8. @jtavegia5845: Any of these people would be considered excellent by any standard and compared to over 300 million who can't play a lick, kind of a sad testament to what some think greatness is.
  9. @EmptyVee00000: Pedaling is better in the first example, otherwise it is too "notey.". Tempo in the F major variation in 16th- notes is better in the first, faster example. Both Rachmaninoff himself, as well as Ashkenazy, played this very fast, and with incredible flow, without useless "musical" pauses. Nonsense!!
  10. @wreagfe: 5 MISTKAES!

yes
  11. @WlBSTER: All true points. But also don’t forget the “rigged” element of competitions especially at the international level. There are a number of candidates thrown out early who could have easily got to the finals for example and they didn’t make these sorts of obvious mistakes. Sad reality of these competitions that favouritism and behind the scenes biases exist.
  12. @fortissimoX: Great video! It's not only about advices you give, but the way you're able to demonstrate difference between two performances is amazing!
  13. @Lulu-jl5zd: Thank you so much for your time and expertise. I wish, from an audience point of view, that Rach 2 would be given a rest from competitions and that less experienced competitors would not keep editing the chord textures in Rach 3. I would have played either Mendelssohn 2 or Saint-Saens 5.
  14. @jboushka: Rachmaninoff is the composer of choice for comparing pianists??
  15. @AJCool-wi6gh: 0:01 What is this piece?
  16. @plinble: She's very good, does she write her own music?  A 21 minute musical journey, starts slowly and builds etc. An advantage of your own music is you never make mistakes, only changes. The structure of Indian classical music is nice: structure with evolutionary change.
  17. @Maestro.Legends: 👏🏻 ✅ Good Video, Thanks! 🤩
  18. @DariusSarrafi: You have healthy hair! Does that help with your interpretation?
  19. @jorgerivas1424: I could listen to this video all day.  This is beautiful!  I've been playing about 60 years.  I'm in my 70s and don't compete but my Moscow Conservatory professor taught me all these things  the last 2 years.  Too bad we had a falling out.  Many of her students won international piano competitions.  The older I get the more nuances and minutiae jump out at me.  My  teacher couldn't stand my playing & "fired me " because I "played like a 3-year old" and sounded too "Chinese."  She told me, "Stick to the cello."   I devote 1 1/2 hours every day to piano & cello practice, not enough!
  20. @MARTIN201199: None of this will of any value in Dang Thai Song is a member of the jury

- FAILS in First 3 Seconds & Gets Driving Advice From a RANDOM Van Driver😂: Kind: captions Language: en Oh, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] >> Stop. Stop. >> I'm stopping. I'm not turning in. I'm not turning. I see him. I see him. I see him. >> Okay. Straight ahead. He's Don't do that heavy breathing thing. Is he looking at me? >> What did you say? >> Just had an absolute blinder of a lesson. Hey guys, welcome to another driving lesson video with Rion. Today we're going to find out, well, see how many faults he makes in about 30 minutes of driving. Yeah, because he's at that >> stand where I know what I'm doing, but I don't know what I'm doing. >> Kind of. He knows how to drive. Yeah, >> but it's not kind of test standard. I don't think you need my help on on any topic really. Like I said, apart from the maneuvers. Yeah. Okay. It has been a couple of weeks since our last lesson because you know you've been too busy, Ron. He's like, "Sorry, Pin. I'm with Jamie Oliver this week. Sorry, I'm with the BBC this week." >> Absolutely not. I'm a humble guy. Okay. So, that don't make me act like I'm some sort of snob. >> Right. >> You canled on me. Don't lie. >> Right. I'm sure the viewers will know who to believe there. Yeah. Okay. Right. Right. Then, so um any fool you make here, I'll just say it there and there when he happens. Yeah. >> You okay with that? >> Yeah. So, how much help are you going to need from me today? Uh, not a lot to be fair. >> It's going to be I'm just going to intervene when there's >> I'm going to say not a lot. I'm manifesting it. >> Yeah. Any if there's any faults then >> I feel like this is good. >> Okay. Are you ready? >> Yep. >> Okay. So, are we getting maps up or anything like that on it? >> No. No. I'll give you the directions. >> Oh, okay. Let's go. Stop. Stop. I'm stopping. I'm not turning in. I'm not turning out. I see him. I see him. I see him. >> I see him. >> Edging a bit forward. Okay. >> That's one serious fault. >> Really? Yeah. Yeah. Because you should have done your left line. Remember, we parked on the right hand side. Yeah. We only parked on the right hand side because of the shade here. Yeah. >> Okay. Um so, but you didn't check. >> I know. >> So, that's one mistake. >> At the end of the road, turn right. >> So, signal a bit too early because of that junction there. >> Oh. Like I said before, you know, we're not pointing down the fault straight away. It's not much of a confidence booster, but it is what it is. >> You're ready for that stage now. >> Unless you want me to keep telling you how good you are just to boost your confidence. I don't want you to blow smoke anywhere. Cool. going. >> Okay. Where am I going? >> Straight ahead. >> That's right. >> So, was there a minifold or is it serious there? >> Serious? >> Yeah. >> Which gear were you in there? >> Gear two. >> Should I have been in gear three? No. >> Oh, no. Gear one. >> Yeah, that's why the car wasn't picking up speed. You're trying to move it. Yeah. >> Already ser two serious bolts. >> It's already been gone. Okay. >> Positioning wise just on that white line there. Should slightly to the left of it. Yeah. So, with this lorry coming through now, it's going to be quite >> it'll still be able to get through, >> but you understand the risk of being too closer. Yeah. Well done. Good. Go from the run. You got any more big events planned? >> No, I haven't. You're going on like I'm some sort of celebrity. No. You are you like celebrities like >> I'm not >> every other week. >> I'm not. And he said, "Oh, cancel." No, I didn't cancel like I'm some sort of big shot. Absolutely not. >> Yeah. You You ditched me for Oliver. >> You said you I ditched you for Jamie. Yeah. Cuz I wanted to try some good food at the end of the day. >> How can you expect me to be your friend? >> I I We're not friends. We're best friends. >> Jamie just used it for you that video. And that's it. You don't. >> Yeah, but you use me for your viral video somewhat. Now you're just you're just the same as J. >> No, but I'm teaching you how to drive as well. >> Yeah, but you're not teaching me. >> Yeah, but you're not teaching me how to drive because remember the last video where I had to go around the roundabout six times. Whose fault was that? >> Okay. Yeah, that one. >> Exactly. >> You're just the same as driving on. >> Don't tell me your driving hasn't improved. >> No, it hasn't. >> Just in the handful of lessons. >> It has improved. >> Cheers. It has improved, but we still need to sort out the debate of who's taller as well. If you're saying if you're saying your my driving's improved because of me, then the debate of who's taller still needs to be resolved as well. We'll have to just do a video or a picture next to each other. Yeah. And just prove to everyone what's what. Well, it's clear that right now in this car, you already know. But she's great. But she's looks taller THAN ME. OKAY, shut up now. I don't like that word, by the way. Even like influencer content content creators are more of a better title to be fair. >> Yeah, I I get what you mean. >> I hate it when anyone calls me anything apart from a driving instructor cuz that's that's all I am. >> You told me to tell you to call you the biggest man in the West Midlands. That's what you told me to tell you to call you. >> Is that what you've been calling? >> You always correct me like I'm the biggest man in West Midlands. All the other driving instructors have got nothing on me. This is before the cameras even start rolling. You guys think that pin's humble. You think that he's really sincere, really genuine. No, >> he's like, I've got the best driving app in the whole in the West Midlands. No one can touch me. >> Oh, probably the app maybe. Yeah, but not for me. saying he says that I'm the best I'm the best at articulating my words and I've got the best pass rate in the West Woodlands. That's what you say. You really give it the big. You really do. >> No, but as a driving instructor, I'm really confident. Yeah. >> I'm not being >> there's there's a borderline being confident and there's borderline being arrogant and I feel like you push that, >> push that. >> I think that's I think that's how everyone should be in any profession. They should feel that they're really good, Eric. Yeah, good at it. Your actions should speak louder than your words. I >> think they do because I've never said I've never said I'm good at it, but >> No, no, you said that. No, no, you haven't said that you're good at it. You've said that you're absolutely amazing. The best than any other driving instructor. No one can touch you. Those that was your phrase, no one can touch me. >> I think I think there's viewers here have been watching me for years. Yeah. I don't think they ever heard me say that. >> No, I say off camera. That's what you said to me. That's what you said to me off camera. Turn left, please. >> Turn left. I need to come down to gear two here. So, clutch is still down. That's a minor for coasting. >> Yeah. So, you had everything there, but just the order, you know, with the gear. Slow your speed out first, slow it down enough, then get the gear, clutch up, take the tail. >> I always get really scared that I'm going to stall, and I don't know why, because I won't. Don't open. >> When my sister comes to doing her driving lessons with you, she'll watch my videos and want to be nothing like me. So then it'll >> How old your sister now? >> She's 11. >> So that's you'll still be doing it. >> Another six years. Another six years I'll be 30. >> Oh, 30. Huh? >> What? >> Right. We're going to go towards Dudley now. Yeah. >> 30. Don't think so. >> Going towards Dudley. >> Dudley. >> Yeah. Did you see the sign? >> It's a right side exit. Just to let you know cuz you missed the sign. It's a right side exit. >> Okay. Right side exit. Right side exit. >> Just wait there. Just two sec. >> I know what you said. Right third exit, no. Oh, >> well then good. >> You saved that from being a serious. There's no way you're going right from that lane. Yeah. You're confused with your left and right. >> Guys, any of you watching, if that happens on your test, just do what Rion did there. >> Got totally confused with the left and right. Then you just turn left. >> Absolutely fine. >> I think that, you know, you're trying to work out age that put you off. Yeah. Yeah, you just absolutely bamboozled me. I was like, uh, 30 is an absolute lie. Right at this roundabout, let's do a U-turn because you took the wrong turn. So, right, third exit. Oh, sorry, fourth exit, which is a U 10. Okay, you're in the wrong gear there. Yeah, it's >> Oh, yeah. I'm looking for contact two signal. >> Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. I'm just going to keep going, man. >> So, this is number one. >> Yeah, >> this is number two. >> Two and then three here. >> This is We're taking four. This is three. >> It's fine. Everything's fine. >> So, not doing a signal there. You're turning right all the way around. There's cars waiting on the roundabout. That's a serious fault. Yeah. I thought I did the same thing by carry on. Carrying on. >> You didn't signal, did you? >> I was in line. Okay. >> On that round, you did the same thing. Yeah. This one. Okay. You're going back around. You didn't signal. >> There's cars waiting. They have no idea where you're going. >> This roundabout. Turn right. Second exit. >> Right. Second exit. Okay. Coming down to gate two. Actually, I'm going to go down to gate one. I'm just actually stuck. Right. Second seat. Right. Second. Okay. Okay. It's indicating those people are going there. Which signal should you on? What? What? Which signal should you have on? Left. No. Should have been the right one. Now the left one. Okay, that's it. So, I'm going off up here. Yeah. Okay, perfect. >> You thought you left mirror there? >> Yeah, I did. >> Wait, we're going straight ahead here now. Okay. Straight ahead. Keep to the left. Keep to the left. Left. Left. Left. Keep left. Can we mark that as a series for lane discipline? I'm not doing really well, am I? Quite a few. Okay. So, here now at this roundabout, continue following the signs to Dudley for me, please. >> I will tell you the left lane is marked for left only. totally straight over. Okay, left lane is my Okay, I'm in the middle lane anyway. Oh, no. Yeah, it's mine position. Slow down. Gear. Let's see what we've got here then. Okay, we can still go. Stay in this middle lane here. Carry on around. There's a bit of traffic here. So, I'm going to slow down. Right. That's fine. >> See, the only thing you forgot here was was your signal to exit the roundabout. >> Ah, >> yeah. >> But the way you kept your lane and everything there was really good how you approached that roundabout. >> I'm actually gutted, you know. I feel like >> yeah, I'm just gutted, man. With my performance today, it hasn't been a top performance. >> Let's do this and let's do >> if you do this crossroad well. Yeah, we'll call you a pass. Remember at school when you playing football. Last >> last goal winner. >> Last winner. I mean, you you might be losing final, but last goal winner. >> Come on, we can do this. >> Do that. >> Last goal winner. Then at this crossroad, it's coming up in a bit. I want you to turn right. Yeah. If you do it perfectly and I mean it with no minor faults as well, >> then we'll say okay. >> No, I will. I will. I will. >> I will. >> Stop. Keep clear. Keep clear. Don't do that heavy breathing thing. Stop. You do that. So I can You're angry. Stop it. It gives me anxiety. >> I I do that every time you make a serious fault. >> Yeah, but stop it though. >> You can speak to me. >> If you stop making the serious faults, I'll stop doing that. >> You're going to create some real bad trauma for me. Stop. Come on, man. the the tension I could sense. Well done. That was really good. It's when you finish like you wanted to get out of there quickly. She put your foot down. >> See, know that kind of mentality. Should have ruined every single thing now. >> Oh no. I know. I know. >> Oh no. >> Okay. Now after this hill, if you could just turn left, please. Bloody hell. Turn left. >> Slow it down first. Clutch up now. All the way. All the way. That's it. Keep going. Oh god. Okay. And just park up on the left, please. Oh, no. Sorry. Oh, sorry. Sorry. Did you check anything? No. Sorry. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up here. >> I'm making the lights so you can come forward. >> Oh, I'm parking up. >> Oh, okay. >> Thank you though, mate. Just had an absolute blinder of a lesson. >> It's just not gone well for me today. >> It's just not going well for me today. The lesson. It's like this from the beginning, man. >> Is it? >> Nobody when he get burned. >> Know how to drive. >> You think I'll get better as I go? >> But I tell you a secret. >> I have a driver's license from 2007. >> Is it illegal? >> Of course. >> No, he's not. >> I have to drive since 2007. But still, I cannot park. Perfect. >> Oh, really? Oh, I saw Oh, two. Oh, he said it's Is it illegal? Because I thought 2007 you have to get it renewed after a certain amount of time. >> No. Oh, that's your passport. Oh, yeah. My common sense isn't so common, you know. >> No, my friend. Don't worry. Be happy. Enjoy the driving. That's it. When you're driving, you should relax. Not like this. >> Yeah. Do you know what, mate? >> Obviously, not like this. Wouldn't you ask for lessons? Do >> you know what? I think that you might be better than my driving instructor. Thank you so much for the positive words. I'm going to go and get I'm going to see this is the positivity that I need in my life. >> He He didn't realize you were pocked up. >> So you're being negative then. >> No, he said he thought you just give me some positive words and then you just go but he didn't know. Just a deb you really didn't just a deb didn't he say he was giving you a so I didn't really realize you parked up at the parking position >> why do you have to mention that before >> why you don't want to ask him for a driving or pass >> so just that one at the end again here so you did the crossroad well yeah you parked up you he wasn't going what did you do even I wasn't ready for that one yeah I wasn't expecting that. >> No. >> Okay. Well, that's the most you've ever done. >> Mo most >> more serious. >> faults you've ever done. Yeah. So, on that positive note, guys, don't no. We're not stopping it right there because it's your fault. It's your fault that this has happened because you cancelled on me twice, which means that my driving hasn't been refreshed. And now we're in this position. And now I'm going to go home and I'm going to be upset. >> It's on Jamie Oliver's fault. >> No. No, it's not. We can't end it on this. >> Well, that's it. We're done now. Right, guys. You going to end the video or shall I just do it today? All right, guys. Don't forget to like and subscribe and a thumbs up if you think Rion's driving can improve. Loads of thumbs up there. Cheers.

  Top Comments:
  1. @FirstGamingMaster [3 likes]: He still learning 😂,  I passed a month ago.
  2. @HuzaifaSaeed-g1r [2 likes]: Thanks for ur videos... can u please one video on the topic of only serious fault n teach us the list of all serious faults... thanku so much again
  3. @BulletRend [2 likes]: Reon is sooo funny! This is such a good era of DGN!
  4. @GeorgeB365 [2 likes]: I would've lost it with this dude by now....ahahah
  5. @h_rage666 [1 likes]: I passed my driving test today in Liverpool. Watching your videos helped me a lot. THANK YOU!!!!!!!!!!
  6. @Funmmexglow [1 likes]: I watched your show me and tell video and some of your mock videos,  I did my  test yesterday on a first try and I passed, thank you.
  7. @csillacsengeri [1 likes]: My fav.part when you say go right at the roundabout and he literally turns left😂Thats what happens to me when I signal😅
  8. @daava9700 [1 likes]: Failing in the first 3 seconds... you know da drill
  9. @paulmitchell5349 [1 likes]: Good banter..................TERRIBLE driving.
  10. @cassieli8145 [1 likes]: hahahaahha Ren is so funny. It's amazing how upset he was at the end
  11. @Koujin49: Passed my driving test today. I don't think I would have been able to pass thanks to your videos, and I can't thank you enough for that!
  12. @Itstoneyasmrr: Are they flirting?
  13. @traceyrichards4320: I love watching you two
  14. @ArinatorGrande: This is the happiest I seen that cap guy 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
  15. @Dilbot447: 0:20 I like Pin stay silent and died laughing throughout the learner driver conversation with that van driver at the end of the video
  16. @Dilbot447: 1:02 Reon already annoyed!!!!!!!!😂😂😂😂😂
  17. @Dilbot447: But the disrespect was diabolical!!!!!! But he's not wrong either
  18. @ICEZEE2K26: I love your shoes bro🔥
  19. @nkusisulait2493: Passed my driving test first time today with only 5 minors! 🎉

After failing a mock test on Saturday, I was advised to watch DGN Driving videos. I followed the advice, and it made all the difference.

I was later told I had one of the toughest examiners at the test centre, but I still smashed it!

Highly recommend DGN to anyone preparing for their driving test.
  20. @telepath_: What a cliff-hanger. Lol

- jonathan frakes telling you you're wrong for 47 seconds: Kind: captions Language: en it's false no way not this time we created it a Vista no not this time is totally pure fiction it's fiction it's fiction we made it up we made this one up it's a made-up tale it's a total fabrication it never happened it never happened this one was invented by a writer not this time it never happened it's false it never happened it's a fake it's fiction it's an urban legend that never happened no way we got you not a chance not this time it never happened it never happened we made this one up it's fiction we made up this one we made it up not this time wrong not this time not this time you're wrong not this time it never happened

  Top Comments:
  1. @Cerberus383 [1 likes]: When you find out you are a Boltzmann Brain
  2. @internetuser5286: This show would drive me nuts. They'd tell a completely plausible story, one that some people may have even experienced themselves, and they'd still tell us it was made up!
  3. @jacobrobinson117: This wouldn’t be half as funny if he wasn’t so smug when he said it haha
  4. @Mullet-ZubazPants: Chirayu Rana
  5. @CurlyFromTheSwirly: Plot twist, all these clips are made up. 😂
  6. @shelton-c6b: describing christianity:
  7. @cakeisyummy232: i came here by looking up "riker lying"
  8. @johnbuck4395: Oh, Commander Riker 😆 
"Number 1...make it so."
  9. @The-Psychic_SSJ: That's Fiction.
  10. @greenamber9827: Blathers inspecting art I bought.
  11. @monumentethos: Trying to save a game with bad wifi
  12. @ericmiller9688: COVID, sars it never happened we made it up 🤣.  there are those who would use this video for that very real issue sadly
  13. @VHS_Vampire1988: I was expecting him to tell me to shut up, as in close my mouth and stop talking
  14. @grantdanasty: My Parents when I tell them about my new girlfriend:
  15. @tripsaplenty1227: Raveen
  16. @EnchantedEssays: Thunderbirds fans when you ask them about the live action film Jonathan Frakes directed
  17. @a.rchivum: When you finish the chainsaw man manga
  18. @thestranger5911: No S**t
  19. @KarkatVantasBitches: "You said you were only gonna have one drink tonight"

Me:
  20. @JamesBrett2008: So what are you saying bro?

- Why The Wire is one of the Most Brilliant TV Shows Ever: Kind: captions Language: en The Wire is a special show. Few television shows inspire a stack of books about it’s creation and themes, even fewer inspire a collection of college courses examining those same things, and only one has inspired sitting the president of the united states to invite the show’s creator to the White House for a conversation. What is it that makes this show so special? In this video, part one of my series about The Wire, I’ll be exploring why The Wire is brilliant, without spoiling the plot, so even if you haven’t seen the show yet, you can learn why it’s so special. Not A Cop Show The Wire is not a cop show. Yes, a series of police wiretap investigations is the spine around which the show is constructed, but The Wire starts out, at the very least, as a subversion of the standard cop show, and only become more from there. Where in most police dramas the moment of chasing and arresting the suspect is the dramatic climax, these are often the very moments The Wire skips over. But The Wire is much more than a subversion of the classic police drama. Season One establishes a failing, corrupt institution, the Baltimore Police Department, and a band of rebels within its ranks that are fighting desperately to eek out any semblance of “good police work.” But what our detective are up against, is not a clear cut set of “bad guys” but a rival institution, a Baltimore Drug Gang, made up of real humans. An institution complete with its own set of rebels, hoping to swim against the system. Each of the following seasons adds another layer of the city, examining the institutions above and below the two featured in season one. Season Two adds in the decaying port economy and labor unions, season 3 sees the addition of political realm, season 4 adds the school system, and season 5 journalism. If all this sounds a bit dry and academic, it certainly is when placed beside your average episode of Hawaii Five-0. The Wire doesn’t try to grab and keep your attention. It requires it, and if you give it your attention it will reward you. But it’s also entertaining, the show tells this story of the city and it’s institutions, not through dry exposition about the institutions but through the individual stories of an incredible cast of engaging characters within those institutions, fantastically acted, and brilliantly written by a team dedicated to realistically portraying the city of Baltimore. All The Pieces Matter: Good Writing The Wire has a great acting, cinematography and sound design, but what stands above everything else, the key element, is the writing. The Wire reaches a bar for quality of writing reached by few television shows. Write what you know, is a basic directive commonly issued to writers, and few TV writers have exemplified this idea as well as show creators David Simon and Ed Burns. David Simon was a reporter for the Baltimore Sun for 12 years. He covered crime and the police department extensively, and eventually went on to write Homicide: A Year on the Killing Streets and The Corner: A Year in the Life of an Inner-City Neighborhood both of which Simon adapted for television. Collectively all this can be seen as nearly two decades of writing experience closely focused on the topics that would largely be covered in The Wire. David Simon spent years examining the worlds The Wire explored before one episode was even written. While he was still a journalist Simon developed a relationship with Ed Burns, who spent 20 years working as a Baltimore City Police, before joining forces with David Simon to write The Corner. If Simon had spent 20 years reporting and writing about the topics that The Wire examines, Ed Burns spent 20 years living them. Including spending time as a public school teacher in Baltimore, direct experience, on which much of Season 4’s story is based. As Police Detective and Crime Journalist turned Television Writers, these two were interested in far more than making another cop show to entertain the masses. They aspired to put a contemporary american crime novel on the screen. And the writers they brought on to help them do this came, not from the world of television, but from the literary scene. Novelist Denis Lenhane, George Pelacanos, and Richard Price would all become critical parts of the writing teams. Authors who didn’t have much experience writing for TV, but who were all well versed in Urban Crime-Fiction. And when Simon and Burns expanded the show to subjects they didn’t feel they knew as well, they brought in people who did. Rafael Alvarez, another Baltimore journalist, joined the writing team bringing his knowledge of the Baltimore docks for season 2. William F. Zorzi, a Political journalist in Baltimore, joined to help write a lot of the political story that starts in season 3. With their experience as authors and journalists, these writers brought to the show a greater expectation for the audience. They required a level of attention from the viewers of the wire, not normally demanded by television shows, but a level a step closer to the level of attention you have to apply to reading a book. [s1e5 25:30] This expectation of attention allowed the writers to include many blink-and-you’ll miss it details. Blink and You’ll Miss It. Here’s an example [s2e3 13:50] of the type of quick and subtle storytelling you’ll encounter in The Wire. This scene from Season 2 shows Omar doing reconnaissance for a stickup location, while he is, he notices that two ladies are doing the same thing. And attentive viewer will see what’s happening in the scene, and understand Omar’s recognition of what’s going on. But one glance at your phone, and you might miss the entire 25 second, dialogue free scene. This level of subtly is used frequently throughout the show. Like this scene from the second episode of season 1, [s1e2 54:30] which begins to setup Bodie as a character who is more on top of things than his colleagues when he walks up on a bunch of other drug dealers sleeping on the job. Very quick scenes, often won’t payoff until episodes later. One of the things that makes The Wire’s storytelling so powerful, is that while characters sometimes do express ideas directly, the most important and central themes of the show are all developed through this type of “show don’t tell”, storytelling. Season 1 is largely about establishing the institutional similarities between the drug dealers and the police officers, but no character ever comes out and talks about this on the show. Instead the show relates the two by slowly building up a collection of parallel scenes. Like this scene that shows the police willing to bend the rules [s1e9 38:14] while a few scenes later we get an example of gang members adhering closely to their rules [s1e9 53:50]. These two simple scenes progress the plot, but more importantly they’re juxtaposition shows us how both institutions have rules for themselves, but that the motivations around following those rules lead to different behavior within the institutions. These types of parallels are also used to show the similarities between individuals. Gang members need a judge to mediate their differences, just like detective McNulty and his wife. Over time this collection of mirrored scenes accumulates to showcase the similarities in these different institutions, and how individuals behave differently within them. It creates a powerful argument, one that appears to the viewer as self-evident through the experience of watching the show. But it wasn’t just the writing team’s experience as writers that made the show what it is, they utilized the team’s experience as actual teachers, journalists, police officers to create one of the most realistic fictional shows that’s ever been put on TV. A Man Must Have A Code: The Commitment to Realism David Simon and Ed Burns had an extreme level of commitment to realistically portraying Baltimore and the institutions within the city. Let’s look at the steps they took to make sure they portrayed the character of the city as accurately and realistically as possible. Their backgrounds as a journalist and investigator played a role in their approach to writing. When they came up against a subject that they didn’t know inside and out, they conducted extensive research. Whether you’re talking about the interviews with dozens of stevedores, immigration officials, port personnel, customs inspectors and steamship agents that were conducted before writing about the ports in season 2. Or the extensive interviews and ongoing relationships with Melvin Williams, real life Baltimore drug king, who reformed after a long stint in prison. They clearly weren’t willing to write about topics they hadn’t experience first hand without extensive research. And the commitment to realism extended beyond the writing staff to the cast who often went to great lengths to accurately portray the lives their characters represented. Andre Royo, who played Bubbles, the show’s beloved heroin junkie said: “We were inspired by the city of Baltimore, by the people in Baltimore, of how these characters were supposed to live and be portrayed.” His portrayal of a junkie was so refined, he was once chased of set by the show’s security, who thought he was a real addict, and was once handed drugs on the street by another addict, who mistook Royo for the real deal. While Simon and Burns both insist that no character is a direct correlation to a person in real life, almost no character exists on the wire that doesn’t have elements of one or more real life people. Bubbles was inspired in part by a long standing informant of Ed Burns, Avon Barksdale and Stringer Bell were both informed by actual drug dealers like Mevlin Williams. Williams would actually go on to take a role in The Wire as the Deacon. He was just one among many Baltimore locals who had roles in the show. Notably Prop Joe, was played by, a Baltimore native. Felicia Pearson, who plays Snoop, came from the life she ended up portraying on screen. Simon and Burns often named characters after real life inspiration. The actual Jay Landsman, who this character is named after, acts on the show, but despite auditioning for the part he’s named after, he didn’t land the role, and ended up playing Lt. Mello. Ed Norris, who plays a detective in the show by the same name, was the actual Police Commissioner of Baltimore for 2 years right before the show aired. Bunk Moreland, Tommy Carcetti, and many others draw inspiration from real life counterparts, surprisingly even Omar, perhaps the most stylized regular character on the show, is a composite of six different gun-slingers who made their living sticking up drug dealers in Baltimore. Not to mention the locals who filled out the roles as extras. The inclusion of those who lived and new they life they portrayed wasn’t just a cosmetic choice, they helped keep the show from straying into the realm of fantasy. Steve Earle, who plays Bubble’s Narcotic’s Anonymous sponsor, and had real life experience in NA, said that they were encouraged as a cast, to speak up if something didn’t feel right. When a city plays such a vital role in the story, you have to be sure that you’re accurately portraying that place. And when you watch The Wire, you can be sure that what you’re seeing is actually Baltimore. The show shot extensively on location. Row houses like these, were often cleaned out, and re-dressed to look the same, but with fake dog poop, needles, and broken drug vials instead of the real thing. Those from Baltimore who worked on the show were often struck by how real, the portrayal of the city was. Laura Schweigman a Script Supervisor on the show said about the opening scene: “I see this when I drive around in Baltimore. It was sad, but it was, at the same timer, amazing, how real it felt, how real it looked.” Fredo Star, who played Bird a drug dealer in season one relates: “This is very real out here… … When I got thrown on the floor in one of the scenes… ...glass was by my face. It was like, “Hold up, let’s shoot the glass.” It was real.” And it wasn’t just about making Baltimore look like Baltimore. West Baltimore looks like West Baltimore, and East like East. In a scene like this one, where street names come into play. The names and locations used are accurate, to the extent that you can actually map out the chase. Frequent episode director and producer Joe Chappelle recalls: “...when they would write something and it was on a corner, whatever the street corner was, we would shoot on that corner. It wasn’t like we go to a fun location and put up fake signs. We’d go to that specific corner.” The Production The commitment to realism extend into the show’s style itself. The Wire never utilizes a score, except in a few select cases, all music in the show comes from a source within the world. But any hole left by score is filled by expertly used sound design which helps to reinforce the emotion of the story, and allows the city to be a non-stop presence audibly in the show. Use of diegetic music in the show is often brilliant. Like this chase scene, where the music in playing Hurc’s car, and how it cuts in and out, is used for comedic effect. The shows cinematography exemplifies the same ethos. Committed heavily to a naturalistic approach, without resorting to a documentary stylization, the visuals manage to be striking and beautiful, but always serving the locations and characters, and rarely calling attention to itself. Conclusion The Wire’s story is undeniably political. But the way it goes about telling that story, through its commitment to realism, and by painting a portrait of it’s themes and of the institutions through a collection of individual stories, keeps it from being propagandistic. The show rarely prescribes a solution, and seeks mostly to illustrate the problems, very real ones. Problems that continues unresolved to this day. The Wire is not a cop show. There’s isn’t a simple good guys and bad guys dichotomy. We’re introduced to bad police doing the right thing for the wrong reasons, and gang members who seem to have just as much heart as those on the side of the law. Evil is not easily rooted out, we can barely tell who isn’t tainted by malevolence. The audience cannot root for order to be restored, because order itself is corrupt. Those who are willing to buck against the systems do so out of desperation, because they see no future for themselves in those systems. In Part II I’ll explore these themes in greater depth, and how the wire uses narrative structure and other techniques to portray them. So if you enjoyed this video, make sure you’re subscribed, and keep your eyes open for part II.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ThomasFlight [125 likes]: Support my work on Patreon: https://www.patreon.com/thomasflight
  2. @leguan1 [3 likes]: 2:45 Wire seasons unveil: 1 crime? 2 economy, labor 3 politics 4 schools 5 journalism <Played by participants!>
  3. @Harman-Singh-Sagoo [1 likes]: I am on first episode season 3, what i love about this show is realism, the way communication flow in this show is amazing, no heroic shit like you see in movies where everyone is on criminal and at the end of the season you pretty much know what's gonna happen, but only 60-70 per cent of your assumption gets true. It also shows that police do have tough job. The use of music is also amazing, character writing Amazing, midway through the season i just loved every character on the show . I loved d angelo's character, wallace's character too
  4. @ryandonovan5205: I got the Wire as 4th best behind The Sopranos, Justified and Mr In-between
  5. @diraska: wonderful
  6. @savagehenry4694: Every single person in anyway involved in the real life streets. Cops. Gang members, journalists addicts all say the same thing that no other show has even come close to being so close to real life as the wire. So many street people used as actors. The way it’s so easy to fall in love with characters. And it’s not America always wins, it shows the drug war was lost many years ago and this is just going through the motions. The bald paster who has bit parts was an original OG kingpin of the city. And the morality of some of the quotes is simply beautiful. If you like this genre and haven’t seen the whole series more than once you are missing out. It’s not just accurate and gripping it’s subtle and deep.  Nothing like this will ever be made again in any lifetime. Fact. A total one off
  7. @grantwallace1882: Still the best TV show I have ever seen 🎉
  8. @OfficialAmazing: Im watching the wire right now for the first time mcnulty is a blatant max Payne rip off and its like watching blue bloods all these shows are the same and easy peasy buck
  9. @zspruill: 25 years later and it feels like we haven't made any progress with the questions and issues raised by this show.
  10. @deniswhitburn2626: ...THE SHEILD, DEADWOOD. SMILEY'S PEOPLE. I CLAUDIUS, why don't they make 'em like that anymore?
  11. @RogerThat1637: This video essay sums up so well in ways I'm unable to why the Wire is one of the best if not the best TV shows of all time.
  12. @justaguy54321: I found it was very overrated.  The acting is so hokey
  13. @pw8332: Turns out real Baltimore police officers are more corrupt than what depicted in this show. Check out Gun Trace Task Force😂
  14. @hurlman03: Before TV shows assumed the audience was stupid and distracted by their phone.
  15. @kumasi5991: Season three, episode six explains how everything started to fall apart. Avon wants to be heard, seen, and confront Marlo.
  16. @chenryjenkins7300: sopranos and the wire = best shows all time.
  17. @BD-pg2ch: The Wire played an integral role in my marriage of 13 years.  Our pre-marriage date nights consisted of in an incredible home cooked meal, a glass (or occasionally 2 of wine) and an episode of The Wire.  I dated around alot prior but thought yeah this situation is an absolute keeper.
  18. @BD-pg2ch: Any of my fellow fans of The Wire get a bit tired hearing that Breaking Bad is the “greatest show of all time’?  Like buddy, obviously you haven’t ever watched The Wire…
  19. @nimeshdhokia6139: Yo String, where Wallace at??
  20. @markuss4133: Yeah imagine any other country leader would ever say this. And he was the best america got in forever

- I made 100+ gaming videos. This is what I learned...: Kind: captions Language: en i have made over a hundred gaming videos in my youtube career to date so today i'm going to consolidate and show you the most important thing that i've learned [Music] intros aside from a good title and a good thumbnail the introduction is the most important part of the video making process good intros can set you up for a lot of success on this platform while bad intros well it's like staring at a brick wall it's my favorite part it's up to you as the editor not only to inform the viewer what they're in for but also to entice them to finish the video now this video whilst mainly being for gaming channels can also be used across any kind of channel on youtube so i implore you keep watching please watch my video the best way for me to teach you this is probably to look at an older video of mine and honestly you can take your pick they're all gonna have this problem which is shitty intros so let's just go with that one that one right there hello hello did you see that yeah that small logo with the blurry background that was my idea of an intro and branding now i know what you're thinking finn my favorite youtuber doesn't have an intro and he's got millions of views every single video well that's because a they suck and b they have an existing audience which they'll just watch anything the creator post and this is the thing we have to earn those views because we're not in that privileged position and also you don't suck step one be inclusive now this is the most important part of the whole process it just overshadows everything that we're going to learn today this is a really easy thing to do and not a lot of you do essentially you want to pretend that you're talking to your desired target audience member now for me that's you the camera i'm pretending that i'm talking to you a single person in my mind who i think is my target audience remember as a creator i want to play my cards in a way which i know that you would appreciate but also keep it within brands so that i'm not selling myself too much because authenticity is important so you know classic first date advice uh just chill the hell out be yourself um stop talking about roblox so much she's not gonna be into that stop so on the flip side to this what you don't wanna do is start a video by just talking to your friends there is nothing worse than when a video starts and the creator's friend is talking about another friend at school who did a fart in class that day and it's the most hilarious thing between these two guys but because you don't know them as an audience member why the hell is that funny that is what i would like to call being exclusive or excluding your audience member and that is the last thing you want to do on the intro of the video number two is introduce these three topics in your video what are you going to do today i'm going gonna build a portal to the nether and how are you gonna do this by going on a dangerous journey for resources and why are you gonna do it to win the love and affection of pokeman my beloved number three is use graphics uh pngs jpegs meme clips throw them about the screen get creative with it now if you haven't seen my last video this was all about animating things like this animating your pngs your custom characters this just makes a way more visually interesting introduction your audience probably won't get bored if you're doing a lot of this and if you mix it with the last step of doing the what how and why then you're golden something i see a lot of is people just doing a voiceover with gaming in the background just a gaming clip maybe it's blurry and it's just a voiceover that is just mind-numbingly boring and i'm not saying that won't work it's just that if you want more of a chance of getting views then maybe try and actually stimulate your audience member and please please don't ask for subs and likes please please please please below god don't ask like and subscribe if you agree number four use lots of sound effects now sound effects can transform an introduction you might not want to do this kind of heavy sound effects throughout the whole video but for the introduction make the effort my top tip for doing this is to imagine that everything is going through really thick air like air that makes noise when you move through it listen i've seen a lot of creators that don't use sound effects in their introductions and it really just takes away that extra sparkle and honestly mix this with a voiceover that's just kind of low mood this is going to sap the energy from the audience like indiana jones the temple of the secret something you know the thing where the face number five be confident now i know this is easier said than done but remember when you're looking at the grand scale of things our timeline on this earth is minuscule and on the timeline of the universe we are but an atom and then on the timeline of when humans have been around in the universe we are but a spec so who gives a if you're enjoying your minecraft gameplay number six is to take inspiration now we know about the what how and why and these different points that we brought up today but now we're going to look at how other channels do it and we're going to bring it into our own we're going to take inspiration from them little things like how they perhaps paste their videos the energy they bring to it if you really like that and you really gel with it and you want your channel to be similar just take small things from it don't copy the whole introduction process but just take ideas most big youtubers who do regular videos all have formulas and this is really the only way that you can do youtube for such a long time like this so i'm gonna link a few channels in the description which have really good intros which i think you can learn something from so go and check them out after this video is finished okay number seven when you're getting happy with how your introduction is shaping up then you're going to want to start thinking about the moments immediately after now these moments are important so many times i have seen channels go from a really great introduction into this kind of gameplay i so we want to jump back a few steps and go back to step number one which is be inclusive still be inclusive even after the introduction is done don't think of the introduction as a thing just debate it and then hook your audience and then just no effort afterwards you want to kind of ease out on the effort you don't want to just suddenly cut off because that's just going to be grating and the audience member will still jump ship our final step number eight is music good music is what's going to separate you from that guy anyone can do a great intro but you get to decide the music and you can make it pretty individual and unique i like to use songs with just a steady beat like this because it just keeps the pace going so yeah maybe don't use this song the amount of times i've heard this song what the hell was that you think you could take my money from me so you're making an intro and you want music that makes you stand out right of course you do the difference between shitty music and quality music in videos is night and day it's literally like this and this now i'm gonna tell you a secret ladies and gents there is a place online that gives you music and that place is not only youtube certified but really easy to use and that place is of course licked licked baby lick my balls these dudes don't only have the best damn music for creators but they also just revamped their website making it way prettier and really really really really really really really really simple to use i mean this thing is prettier than my website damn you fine as hell hey yo uh i think i can get you are you serious my brother ladies and fans take your pick do you want chart-topping hits or do you want something that's more specifically selected for things like gaming videos background music that kind of thing whichever you choose you better use my link in the description you get 50 off your first track i swear to god i won't go so easy on you like i did with this guy i go i'll get you i'll get it did you get how long have you been here well i hope you guys enjoyed the video uh at least a little bit i i think intros are really important if you like the video make sure to drop a like [Applause] gotta i guess i'm gonna get out of here you guys can stay uh i don't care i'm gonna get out of here i'm i'm going see you later ah my head i'm getting the hell out of here this place sucks all right i changed my mind back really wanna

  Top Comments:
  1. @finzar [152 likes]: HELLO!
WEBSITE & PRESETS!: www.storezar.com :_getouttahe:
My big dum dum brain missed my yt members & a couple of patreons on the outro!:
- Tedward
- Stepifiez
- FeneQ
- IFFATOMIC
- Katchrina
- Intuition
- Stoker48

I LOVE YOU GUYS!
  2. @Scythvo [1 likes]: Thanks for this video man. I've been honestly been trying my hardest to become a gaming YouTuber and this video actually kinda gave me a different perspective. Have a blessed day Brodie
  3. @BreezyGaming619: 2:33 this is crazy. I’m currently playing super Mario sunshine with my daughter for her first time. Before this, I haven’t played it in like 20 years! And out of all songs playing in the background, you picked a super Mario sunshine song.. coincidence? Absolutely, but it’s still dope nonetheless! Great video, keep it up
  4. @neronihilo: did bro greenscreen himself onto a greenscreen background???
  5. @tomaszbogdziun591: But bro using clips, memes how about legal rights?
  6. @Fishgardening: That a hell of editing.. I will be there someday for sure! And thz you for the video XD
  7. @mr.dotts...: I know this is pretty much the game winning strategy in today's YouTube market but I really hate that its just jingling keys nonstop for viewers to stay hooked.
  8. @SouperHooper13: got sick watching this video. holy over editing
  9. @mrcrowman1: I'm only 3 minutes in and I love your vibes and hair lol because if my hair would look that good I would throw my hats away damn you dude 😂😂
  10. @lostboykris: what sound is this in the background? 7:40
  11. @lostboykris: Watching you for the first time and this is absolutely funny and I’ve learned a lot to implement in my videos, thanks man.
  12. @Nopro-l8m: 🎉
  13. @Nopro-l8m: 🎉
  14. @Nopro-l8m: 🎉
  15. @CampaignerGamer: Are subtitles important?
  16. @relatable-steve: Did anyone noticed that he looks kinda like George russel(Mercedes f1 driver)
  17. @solosveros-deathgodsright5599: step 1 lie for first half of your video
  18. @YT-CriticalPath69: Thank you man
  19. @NapTimeGamingDad: I started a dad gaming YouTube channel last month. Already got 7 K views and 20 subscribers with only 2 videos and few shorts. Really happy. Thanks for the tips. I wish success for everyone. Keep on grinding.
  20. @SteveHakins: 2026?

- Best Business Team Analysis Intro Promo Video | Free Marketing Intro Video Maker | Branding Intro: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] thank you

- TED's secret to great public speaking | Chris Anderson | TED: Kind: captions Language: en Some people think that there's a TED Talk formula: "Give a talk on a round, red rug." "Share a childhood story." "Divulge a personal secret." "End with an inspiring call to action." No. That's not how to think of a TED Talk. In fact, if you overuse those devices, you're just going to come across as clichéd or emotionally manipulative. But there is one thing that all great TED Talks have in common, and I would like to share that thing with you, because over the past 12 years, I've had a ringside seat, listening to many hundreds of amazing TED speakers, like these. I've helped them prepare their talks for prime time, and learned directly from them their secrets of what makes for a great talk. And even though these speakers and their topics all seem completely different, they actually do have one key common ingredient. And it's this: Your number one task as a speaker is to transfer into your listeners' minds an extraordinary gift -- a strange and beautiful object that we call an idea. Let me show you what I mean. Here's Haley. She is about to give a TED Talk and frankly, she's terrified. (Video) Presenter: Haley Van Dyck! (Applause) Over the course of 18 minutes, 1,200 people, many of whom have never seen each other before, are finding that their brains are starting to sync with Haley's brain and with each other. They're literally beginning to exhibit the same brain-wave patterns. And I don't just mean they're feeling the same emotions. There's something even more startling happening. Let's take a look inside Haley's brain for a moment. There are billions of interconnected neurons in an impossible tangle. But look here, right here -- a few million of them are linked to each other in a way which represents a single idea. And incredibly, this exact pattern is being recreated in real time inside the minds of everyone listening. That's right; in just a few minutes, a pattern involving millions of neurons is being teleported into 1,200 minds, just by people listening to a voice and watching a face. But wait -- what is an idea anyway? Well, you can think of it as a pattern of information that helps you understand and navigate the world. Ideas come in all shapes and sizes, from the complex and analytical to the simple and aesthetic. Here are just a few examples shared from the TED stage. Sir Ken Robinson -- creativity is key to our kids' future. (Video) Sir Ken Robinson: My contention is that creativity now is as important in education as literacy, and we should treat it with the same status. Chris Anderson: Elora Hardy -- building from bamboo is beautiful. (Video) Elora Hardy: It is growing all around us, it's strong, it's elegant, it's earthquake-resistant. CA: Chimamanda Adichie -- people are more than a single identity. (Video) Chimamanda Adichie: The single story creates stereotypes, and the problem with stereotypes is not that they are untrue, but that they are incomplete. CA: Your mind is teeming with ideas, and not just randomly. They're carefully linked together. Collectively they form an amazingly complex structure that is your personal worldview. It's your brain's operating system. It's how you navigate the world. And it is built up out of millions of individual ideas. So, for example, if one little component of your worldview is the idea that kittens are adorable, then when you see this, you'll react like this. But if another component of your worldview is the idea that leopards are dangerous, you'll react a little bit differently. So, it's pretty obvious why the ideas that make up your worldview are crucial. You need them to be as reliable as possible -- a guide, to the scary but wonderful real world out there. Now, different people's worldviews can be dramatically different. For example, how does your worldview react when you see this image: (Video) Dalia Mogahed: What do you think when you look at me? "A woman of faith," "an expert," maybe even "a sister"? Or "oppressed," "brainwashed," "a terrorist"? CA: Whatever your answer, there are millions of people out there who would react very differently. So that's why ideas really matter. If communicated properly, they're capable of changing, forever, how someone thinks about the world, and shaping their actions both now and well into the future. Ideas are the most powerful force shaping human culture. So if you accept that your number one task as a speaker is to build an idea inside the minds of your audience, here are four guidelines for how you should go about that task: One, limit your talk to just one major idea. Ideas are complex things; you need to slash back your content so that you can focus on the single idea you're most passionate about, and give yourself a chance to explain that one thing properly. You have to give context, share examples, make it vivid. So pick one idea, and make it the through-line running through your entire talk, so that everything you say links back to it in some way. Two, give your listeners a reason to care. Before you can start building things you have to get their permission to welcome you in. And the main tool to achieve that? Curiosity. Stir your audience's curiosity. Use intriguing, provocative questions to identify why something doesn't make sense and needs explaining. If you can reveal a disconnection in someone's worldview, they'll feel the need to bridge that knowledge gap. And once you've sparked that desire, it will be so much easier to start building your idea. Three, build your idea, piece by piece, out of concepts that your audience already understands. You use the power of language to weave together concepts that already exist in your listeners' minds -- but not your language, their language. You start where they are. The speakers often forget that many of the terms and concepts they live with are completely unfamiliar to their audiences. Now, metaphors can play a crucial role in showing how the pieces fit together, because they reveal the desired shape of the pattern, based on an idea that the listener For example, when Jennifer Kahn wanted to explain the incredible new biotechnology called CRISPR, she said, "It's as if, for the first time, you had a word processor to edit DNA. CRISPR allows you to cut and paste genetic information really easily." Now, a vivid explanation like that delivers a satisfying aha moment as it snaps into place in our minds. It's important, therefore, to test your talk on trusted friends, and find out which parts they get confused by. Four, here's the final tip: Make your idea worth sharing. By that I mean, ask yourself the question: "Who does this idea benefit?" And I need you to be honest with the answer. If the idea only serves you or your organization, then, I'm sorry to say, it's probably not worth sharing. The audience will see right through you. But if you believe that the idea has the potential to brighten up someone else's day or change someone else's perspective for the better or inspire someone to do something differently, then you have the core ingredient to a truly great talk, one that can be a gift to them and to all of us.

  Top Comments:
  1. @DavidArmelbf [1 likes]: This calm my anxiety before my Ted Talk and reassured me that my idea is worth sharing
  2. @azmeedamit-w1l [1 likes]: Great content as always.
  3. @djanwer831 [1 likes]: In the Evening i have speech
😂
  4. @suntheexplorerr: Seeing this cause I gonna do a Ted too and don't know how NOT rambling over the public
  5. @ayakacimi7094: ❤❤❤
  6. @Ademitosewa: Now, I know where to adjust in my upcoming speeches. I will make my idea worth sharing. 

Thank you, BGYCC
  7. @MM88892: - Video-record yourself practicing your presentation, but not once, not twice, but at least five to ten times. Use your front facing camera and the other one, find what is most comfortable to you, and do it. Trust this.

2- Write the presentation by hand multiple times at different times of day.

3- Research about deep breathing techniques that are either from ancient india or traditional chinese medicine. Or use a mix of both.

4- On your days of preparing and practicing and performing your presentation, make sure to eat healthy foods like vegetables and fruits and remove bad foods, at least temporarily.

These ones helped me back in college.
  8. @samiahmampao4579: 1 week before speech im excited im using my sisters phone lol im a boy wish me luck 😂❤
  9. @sserwangabarnabas6848: Transferring your idea 
Input the idea to your audience 
Give the reason to care to listen (Ignite their listening)
Familiar concepts in the listeners word (Metaphors)
The worth of your Idea
  10. @thevladyslav_kl: Chris Anderson nails it — the secret isn't fancy slides or rehearsed gestures, it's transferring an idea directly into someone else's mind. That concept completely changed how I approach any time I speak, whether it's a video, a meeting, or even a podcast. One thing that helped me internalize this was using Creator Voice to practice my delivery and get instant feedback on pacing, vocal variety, and clarity. When you can actually hear how your message lands and adjust in real time, you stop overthinking and start connecting. This talk should be required viewing for anyone who wants to communicate with impact.
  11. @luismindlab: Genius
  12. @IcegelTan: ❤❤❤
  13. @kuailedebuding: 我们的老师引用了你的视频😂
  14. @sabahaysc2508: Chris Anderson you are the best :hand-pink-waving:
  15. @AlexrMega: Spectacular ❤
  16. @tilahunlakew-b2m: Very interesting.
  17. @magicdinho107: Damn this was weak… couldn’t grab my attention enough while prepping my lunch 😅
  18. @mengistuAmese: i love the idea
  19. @McGyverPilot: VIDEO SHORTCUTS:

1. 5:04 Focus on one major idea
2. 5:30 Give people a reason to care
3: 6:10 Build your idea with familiar concepts
4: 7:20 Make your idea worth sharing
  20. @Martin-yr1wz: There are some great keywords and key points found here. Thank you.

- How To Edit YouTube Intros That Hook Viewers in 3 Seconds | DaVinci Resolve: Kind: captions Language: en I'm going to go over some basic techniques on how you can level up your YouTube intros. Now, these basic intros are getting me thousands, if not hundreds of millions of views on my YouTube page, the one that you're watching right now. I'm going to show you all my secrets I use to get my [music] Fire Krispy intros. Without further ado, let's hop into Vinci Resolve. So, as you can see here in the timeline, I have my footage missing. Now, we are not going to worry about that, guys, okay? Because this video, it literally got 30K views on my YouTube. So, this is going to end up being the intro that you guys are going to learn today. All of this crispiness that you're looking at right now is super simple. It's way more simple than you actually think. I'm going to go over that six second intro here in Da Vinci Resolve. So, for today's sake, I'm just going to be using a black background since I don't have the actual footage, but we're going to go and break down exactly how I did this. So, we started off with saying I'm going to break down exactly how I So, here is exactly how we're going to play this out. Basically, what we're going to be working with is a lot of text. So, I like to use a lot of text in my videos. So, the font that I was using was Helvitica. So, if we go ahead and search for Helvitica, you guys should have it in your timeline. I'm just going to use bold Helvitica. And then I'm going to do I'm going to just exactly how I typed that out. Now, you're probably wondering how I got that crispy glow effect. And I'm going to show you guys exactly how to get the crispy glow effect here in Dinci Resolve. So, first thing you want to do is go to gradient. Now, you're already going to catch it. It's going to look crispy already. So, we do have to fix it and make it colorful and make it glowing. [groaning] Sorry, I had to grab some water. Anyways, what we're going to do is we're going to select this first point and we're actually going to turn up the color and then you're going to get a nice orang-ish color. Then for the second point, we're going to come here and we're going to turn it to a nice pinkish color. Okay. So now, how to fix this, we do need to go to the mapping um angle. We're going to hit 90. You're going to notice it's on per character. So just make sure you hit line and then now it's going to have a gradient on your text. Now we need to head into the fusion page. in here. We're going to hit shift space after the the uh template and we're going to search for a soft glow. Um I totally spelled that super wrong, but anyways, we're going to add that soft glow in. It's going to be overpowered. So, just follow my settings here. So, we're going to turn up this just like so. Kind of mess around with it till we get something that we like. So, I think this looks pretty good. Okay, cool. Now, what [snorts] we have to do is move this position. So, I'm going to move the positioning and I'm going to move it over here to the left, right? because my my picture was in the right. Then we're going to duplicate this. Well, actually, we need to add the animation first. I completely forgot. So, if you guys want to go ahead and cop my animation pack, there's going to be 250 plus preset and text animations. Go ahead and go cop those. And so, if I just want to get that nice down slide that I was looking for. I'm just going to drag this in. And then, you see that's up and then this is down. This is the one that I actually used in the video. So, if we want, we could just go ahead and drag this in. And it's already done for us. But I'm also going to show you guys how you can use the animation and do the animation yourself because I know that some of you guys don't have the money to invest, which is okay. So, we're going to head on the Fusion page and after the glow, we're going to hit transform. We are going to swipe up and hit a key frame and go approximately 55 frames forward. Go ahead and go back to 0.5. And then we're going to add on some motion blur. Head up to the spline. And uh we need to check mark this line. So, we're going to hit command A. We're going to right click and go to ease and go to out cubic. We then need to bring this line up and over a little bit. So, make sure you guys are highlighting both the points. If we play this through, we do have that animation. It looks pretty crispy. And then we just need to swipe up and move the key frames four frames. Or go get my animation pack and you have it done for you. Drag and drop in every single project file that you make. So, boom, I'm going to. Or we could just drag this down and then just type out boom, I'm going to. [cough] So, boom, I'm gonna. You know, which one looks better. It's up to you. whatever you want to do. Save time or no, I don't really care. So, I'm gonna duplicate it and then come up like right here and then do breakdown. And then for this one, we're going to use Apple Garmin, which is in my pack. You guys can go ahead and cop that pack if you want to. Um, and then it's going to say breakdown. Now, Apple Garmin is naturally going to be a smaller title, so we just need to match it by sizing it up just a little bit. [snorts] And then we're just going to bring it over to the right here, right? And so, this is going to be the composition right here. So, boom. If we play this through, I'm going to break down Now, we need to add some zooms. [snorts] So, once again, you can cop my all-in-one bundle by grabbing some zooms and grabbing using my pre-made zooms. Or, if you want, we can just go ahead and make a zoom ourselves. So, go to the effects and go to the adjustment clip. And we're going to slap this right here. Okay. And then we're going to go to the fusion page. And then we're going to shift space for a transform node. We're going to zoom in automatically just probably like right there. I think for today's sake, I'm going to bring these in like right here. Okay. I just need to see how far we're zoomed in on. So, I'll probably zoom in like right there. It's hard not dealing with like a background. But we're going to hit a key frame. Go to frame 50. Change it back to one. And then go ahead and do the same properties. So, go to easing. Go to out cubic. And then we're going to bring the line to where it comes in a lot faster. So, if we play this through. So, I'm going to use this this background as an example just because like I I'm don't have anything to go based off of. So, boom. I'm going to break down. So, now I want to do a cool um a really cool effect. So, if you watch my original YouTube video, you could kind of see it kind of blanks and it looks really freaking cool and it like brings like a premium feel to the video. So, [snorts] I'm going to go ahead and grab a generator. Okay. Go to generators and grab a solid color. And what we're going to do is we're going to make the solid color black. Just keep it black. Go ahead and make it as a compound clip. Now, there's better ways to do this, but this is just how I do it. So, then we're going to head into the fusion page, and we are going to add an ellipse tool in and bring it in just like so. Bring it up like this. We're going to hit invert and crank up the softness. And this is going to create an in vignetting for us. Now, we're just going to play with some opacity tricks. So, we're going to go up three frames. Turn it up. You literally only want it up just a tiny bit. Like, you don't want to go above like 40. Go back two frames. Go down. Go up. Bring it up just a little bit. Go down. Boom. Kind of do the same thing. Kind of keep it keep it snazzy, you know? So, if you look at that blinking effect, it looks it looks really clean to be honest. I'm going to break down. I'm going to break down. And then we do a harsh switch. So, the harsh switch is going to be a solid color again. And this time we're going to make it white. Now you can either make it white or you can scroll down a little bit and grab this paper and it's going to look a little different. So you can kind of look at the difference. So it it it really just makes it a little darker. You can kind of see they just add noise and make it a little darker. I don't know why I sound like that, chat. So if we actually look at it, it's the exact same effect, but you're just switching to a white screen. So, I could literally just duplicate this text if I really wanted to and just come here and just change the font text to white and black. So, we come here. Boom. So, as you can see, it is now looking like this. The only thing we need to change is go back here, change this mapping level to zero. And then now we have that breakdown effect. So, what I want to do is kind of make this a little cleaner. And then, I mean, that's that's pretty pretty much simple. You could just recycle this animation. Um, or you could also play around with it. So, if you aren't if you're sick and tired of just using the down, you could kind of just play around with it. Maybe grab this up, right? And really all you got to do is just come here, turn the gradient on, and change the colors yourself. Um, so boom. Just like that. Now we have this break down. Break. I forgot what I even said. What did I say? Exactly. That's what I said. So, exactly. So, boom. exactly how I I can honestly just probably center that right there and it would look pretty snazzy. Or you guys can grab one of my newest text uh effects that I I recently added in. So delay up is just going to essentially be good for when you're talking a little bit longer than you should be. So I'm going to use gradient again and I'm going to just change this color to a nice black. So if we play this and we do the exact same exact same text, you know, exactly how I go ahead and play this through. Boom. Exactly how I. So, it's like a little more less delayed, but it actually ends up working better. So, exactly how I So, like if I play this through exactly how I It like fits perfectly for people who are talking slower instead of just like a continuous up. Exactly how I This one is smoother, but you know, like I said, this one also is pretty crispy. It just I like how it's like delayed up, right? So, we could also grab some other text animations out of the pack, too. So, like this one. Once again, all you have to do is just change the shading. So, if you come here, boom, change it to black. Same same stuff, right? So, boom, play this through, continuous blur, slide up, and then it slides [music] up, right? That's also using the um new viral effects pack. But, nonetheless, you guys can also do this yourself by recycling that same animation. So, exactly how I Okay, then we're going to create this as a new compound clip, and we need to move it out of the way. So, right when exactly how I boom, we we need it done right there. So, we're going to hit shift space for a transform node. I'm going I'm going put you guys onto some game. We're going to hit the left and we're going to go over [clears throat] to about approximately 50 and we're going to bring this over because I have another thing I want to come over here. Now, we're not going to do a different animation. We're we're not going to do the same, you know, ease out cubic. What we're going to do is we're going to hit we're going to highlight both of our points and hit S. [snorts] And what this is going to do is it's going to start off fast and go really slow. So, use this exact graph that I'm using. Boom. And then it's going to look like that. It's going to look super clean. So, boom, exactly how I. And it's going to move over just like that. Just make sure you're applying that motion blur. So, boom. Exactly how I And if we play that through, I literally use that. See right there? Boom. Shoots over. And you do have to do that exact same animation when you want to bring in your other text that you want to use right here. Right? So, let's say I wanted to use the Da Vinci Resolve logo, right? We are going to just use the Da Vinci Resolve logo for the greater good. So, we want to put it right here. The composition has to make sense. So, we're going to make this as a new compound clip, too. Now, there's two ways you can animate this PNG. Totally up to you. Um, the first way is going to be directly copying that animation. So, we're going to come into the Fusion page and hit shift space, but this time we're going to bring it out like this. Okay. And then we're going to [music] do this. And we're going to do the same thing. Go approximately like, I don't know, 50ish frames, 34 frames, whatever. 0.5. And then we're going to do that same exact graph. So just try to make the graph look very similarly the same. The reason why I say that is because when this kind of goes over, right? So when we want to start this at the same time, we're going to start like right there. And then they come in at the same time and then then it looks really good. So boom. And then now you just have that right there. Or if you want and you don't want to use that, come to your effects page and scroll down till you see viral effects, which will be down below. You could also just add in down smooth and elastic. And if we play this, this also looks really good, too. So boom. Exactly how I boom. And then this one slides down just like that. It's a nice bouncy effect. It looks really cool in my opinion. And yeah, guys, I mean, it really doesn't get more simple than that. My YouTube intros are honestly really easy to do. Um, I do use some sort of animation sometimes, right? But mainly it's just text animations. And that's what I'm huge on. I'm a huge text animation guy because I think it leaves the viewer having a more premium feel. It's simplicity, but at the same time, you're still implying that you're premium. You know what you're doing, right? But it's just using captions, right? So the the thing that everyone wants and wants to see is literally captions. So why not just make your captions stand out? So literally get your captions first link down below and use my preset packs. They're just going to be game changer. And um yeah, that's pretty much it, guys. Thank you for watching today's video and I will see you guys

  Top Comments:
  1. @teodordimitrov3537 [7 likes]: This channel is a hidden gem, can't believe you're dropping all this info for free
  2. @sean_kang_mvp [1 likes]: You could easily mirror the face cam so it feels more natural instead of looking off screen 👍
btw thanks for the video bro

:hand-pink-waving:
  3. @davidpoo66: Too fast for me but thanks😮
  4. @dfsfs-j5j: 💙
  5. @Terra.Chifilyonova: Hey I have been loving your work and you are really helping me a lot with learning Davinci. I am just in the beginning of this tutorial and I started wondering why didn't you mention in the title that you will be sharing really cool text effects? I have been searching for those and totally didn't expect to find them in this video. Just clicked from curiosity and was pleasantly surprised :)
  6. @Thaian98: text animaton 😮
  7. @paulsalim163: Bro you have leveled up my vids thanks
  8. @Magicalcrafting-d7p: in video u say 250+ text animation preset but in website it is written 25......
  9. @mdharun-g3f4e: It,s good
  10. @prann9ay: I hyped this video bro and your thumbnail game is getting stronger 💪🏻💯.

- YouTube Intro Tutorial 2026: Hook Viewers in SECONDS!: Kind: captions Language: en I must never lie. Edit up that speed. Hey

  Top Comments:
  1. @SridharSamarath: Amazing 😮😮😮
  2. @DhanurjayPujari-t2w: Very nice 👍👍

- [HOOK] 6 BÍ MẬT mở đầu video TRIỆU VIEW (Ai cũng làm được) Trung Công Nghệ: Kind: captions Language: vi hôm nay chúng ta sẽ nói về húc những chiếc mồi câu quyết định 90% thành bại của một video nhưng mà khoan mình sẽ không đưa Cho bạn một danh sách dài 25 mẫu câu viral vì nó không phải là thứ bạn thực sự cần thứ bạn cần là hiểu được tâm lý học đằng sau những húc viral đó và rồi áp dụng tâm lý học đó vào chính nội dung của bạn đây sẽ là 6 bí quyết giúp bạn cải thiện húc ngay lập tức và nếu bạn đã áp dụng đủ cả 6 mình đảm bảo video của bạn sẽ hiệu quả hơn rất nhiều mình biết nó hiệu quả vì sáng tạo nội dung là công việc toàn thời gian của mình với 200.000 người Theo dõi và hàng triệu lượt xem đây chính là những bí mật mình dùng để tạo Ra những video viral ô kê bí quyết đầu tiên cũng là bí quyết trùm cuối công thức húc BA bước của mình hãy hình dung thế này người xem của bạn đang lướt mạng xã hội giống như đang lái xe trên Cao tốc với tốc độ 100km trên giờ nhiệm vụ của bạn là phải làm gì đó để họ chú ý dừng lại quay đầu xe và đi ngược lại để xem bạn là AI vậy làm SAO để có thể làm được điều đó bằng cách tạo Ra một vòng lặp tò mò đây là một trong những nguyên tắc cơ bản nhất của kể chuyện bạn phải làm SAO để người xem đọc câu đầu tiên và cảm thấy bị cuốn hút đến mức không thể nghĩ đến việc gì khác ngoài việc xem tiếp câu thứ 2 rồi đến câu thứ BA như một hiệu ứng domino câu hỏi là làm SAO để tạo Ra một vòng lặp đó chỉ trong BA đến 4 câu đầu tiên câu trả lời nằm trong công thức BA bước này bước số một là bối cảnh cộng với kích thích tò mò trong một đến 2 câu đầu tiên bạn cần làm được 2 việc một là nói rõ video này về chủ đề gì điều này để người xem tự quyết định xem họ có quan tâm không nếu mình nói về đầu tư mà bạn không quan tâm mình không muốn lừa bạn xem video làm gì nhưng nếu bạn quan tâm mình muốn báo hiệu Cho bạn càng sớm càng tốt bước số 2 chính là gây sự chú ý đột ngột đây là một câu duy nhất đóng vai trò như một cái phanh gấp khi người xem đang nghiêng người bạn đột ngột chặn họ lại cách hiệu quả nhất là dùng những cái từ tương phản như là nhưng tuy nhiên thế mà vậy mà câu này giống như một cú nhá hàng Cho đòn quyết định ở bước số BA bước số BA chính là bẻ lái ngược chiều đây là cú nốc ao một câu đi ngược lại hoàn toàn với những gì bạn nói ở bước một nó vẫn cùng với chủ đề nhưng bẻ lái người xem sang một hướng hoàn toàn bất ngờ cú bẻ lái càng sốc hiệu quả càng Cao giờ hãy xem công thức này hoạt động với chủ đề video là thương hiệu cá nhân nhá AI làm kênh cũng mong đến ngày kiếm được những đồng tiền đầu tiên từ nó dù chỉ là 500.000 hay là 1.000.000đ vào hết chúng ta đều nghĩ rằng phải có hàng 10.000 thậm chí hàng trăm ngàn follower mới làm được điều đó thì nghe tức là bạn đã biết video này nói về kiếm tiền từ việc làm nội dung và nó kéo bạn nghiêng người tới bằng cách nói về một mong muốn và một niềm tin phổ biến nhưng đó lại là một trong những hiểu lầm Tai hại nhất đấy bạn thấy không cái từ nhưng đã phanh bạn lại và bạn đang gật gù đồng ý thì bị chặn lại và trong đầu bạn này Ra câu hỏi ủa Sai ở đâu bởi vì để có thu nhập thứ bạn thực sự cần không phải là một đám đông mà là một cộng đồng nhỏ thực sự tin tưởng bạn đấy thì mình đã bẻ lái bùm đây là cú bẻ lái thay vì nói về số lượng follower mình đã lái bạn sang một hướng hoàn toàn khác đó chính là chất lượng là sự tin tưởng giờ thì bạn hoàn toàn bị cuốn vào bạn không thể rời đi vì bạn muốn biết làm thế nào để xây dựng cái cộng đồng tin tưởng đó cái công thức này sẽ hiệu quả với mọi ngành nghề ví dụ bạn là một huấn luyện viên PT đi bạn muốn làm video để thu hút học viên này có BA Sai lầm cực lực lớn khiến bạn gập bụng mãi mà không lên múi hầu hết mọi người đều nghĩ là do mình tập chưa đủ nhưng sự thật thì hoàn toàn không phải vậy bởi vì Sai lầm lớn nhất lại đến từ một thứ mà không AI ngờ tới đó là cách bạn thở khi gập bụng chẳng hạn bạn thấy không công thức này hoạt động ở khắp mọi nơi và nếu bạn không tin nó hiệu quả mình sẽ làm một màn ảo thuật nhỏ nữa vì mình đã dùng chính công thức tâm lý học này để câu bạn ở đầu video này và việc bạn vẫn còn xem tận bây giờ chứng tỏ nó đã thành công để mình chỉ Cho bạn thấy những chiếc mồi câu quyết định 90% thành bại của một video mình đã Cho bạn bối cảnh một video về húc và kéo bạn lại gần bằng cách nói về lợi ích Cho việc là làm video tốt hơn bước số 2 sau đó mình nói nhưng mà khoan đây là cú phanh gấp nó đi ngược lại với những gì bạn thường thấy và mình dùng chính sự nhàm chán của các video liệt kê thông thường để khiến bạn dừng lại bước số BA bước cuối cùng mình bẻ lái đằng sau những khúc viral đó và rồi mình đã lái bạn từ các mẫu câu có sẵn điều bạn đã biết sang tâm lý học một thứ nghe có vẻ sâu sắc và bí mật hơn ô kê giờ bạn đã nắm được công thức cốt lõi rồi sau đây là năm bí quyết bổ sung để giúp chiếc của bạn sắc bén hơn nữa bí quyết 2 đó chính là hút bằng hình ảnh video hút mình phải nhấn mạnh điều này hút bằng hình ảnh có sức mạnh gấp 100 lần so với chỉ dùng lời nói nó gồm 2 phần một là chữ trên màn hình hãy đặt BA đến năm từ khóa chính lên màn hình bằng font chữ to đậm rõ ràng ví dụ một video về cách edit video trên CapCut của mình nếu bạn dùng CapCut để edit video thì đây chính là cách để video của bạn có chất lượng tốt nhất ngay trên điện thoại của bạn mình mở đầu bằng cách xuất hiện chữ tiêu đề to và rõ ràng ngay bắt đầu video số 2 đó chính là sự chuyển động trong hình ảnh hình ảnh của bạn cần có chuyển động vừa đủ để thu hút ánh mắt không quá nhiều đến mức gây rối cũng không quá tĩnh đến mức nhàm chán đôi khi chỉ cần một cái nghiêng đầu hay là một cử chỉ của bàn Tay là đủ như mình là mình dùng cách là đập dép trong video cũng là để hút người xem ở đầu video của mình bí quyết BA đó chính là tập trung vào lợi ích nỗi đau mọi người thường không quan tâm đến tính năng họ quan tâm đến cái kết quả mình sẽ Cho bạn một ví dụ về micro nếu bạn là một người nói một người review micro đây là cách nói dở micro này có màng lọc âm tần số đáp ứng 20 hẹp đến 20 ki lô hẹp và đây là cách nói đúng hơn này là bạn có bao giờ quay video mà âm thanh lại bị rè đầy tạo âm không nếu có đây là cách khắc phục mình sẽ đánh thẳng vào nỗi đau và sự đồng cảm và đưa Ra giải pháp luôn hãy luôn tự hỏi là cái điều này giúp người xem giải quyết được vấn đề gì và mang lại lợi ích gì Cho họ và hãy đưa nó vào câu húc bí quyết số 4 đó chính là quay mượn sự nổi tiếng khi nói về một chủ đề phức tạp hãy gói nó trong một thứ gì đó quen thuộc hãy mượn sự nổi tiếng của một thương hiệu một người nổi tiếng để làm chủ đề Cho bạn hấp dẫn hơn ví dụ nói về chủ đề tài chính hãy thử thế này bạn có bao giờ thắc mắc tại SAO Robert Kiyosaki lại vay nợ khắp nơi không mình sẽ dùng những câu chuyện của người nổi tiếng như hình ảnh của họ hay là một số cái vụ việc trend để mình có thể là lướt sóng Theo những cái trend đó bước số năm đó chính là nén thời gian để trao giá trị hãy tưởng tượng bạn có một quả bom đếm ngược trong đầu với video ngắn đó là 4 giây với video YouTube dài đó là một đến 2 phút bạn phải trao đi một giá trị nào đó trước khi quả bom đó phát nổ đó bỏ đi đừng giấu những thứ hay ho nhất của bạn ở cuối video hãy đưa một chút giá trị ngay từ đầu trong húc hoặc ngay sau húc khi họ nhận được một chút giá trị họ sẽ ở lại đủ lâu để chờ đợi bí quyết tiếp Theo bí quyết số 6 đó chính là dùng câu ngắn ngắt quãng scatter là một thuật ngữ trong âm nhạc chỉ những nốt nhạc ngắn gọn dứt khoát trong húc hãy dùng những câu ngắn như vậy viết câu ngắn buộc bạn phải đi thẳng vào vấn đề tăng sự tò mò và cô động thời gian ở đầu video là vàng mỗi từ đều phải có giá trị hãy dùng câu ngắn ở đầu và có thể viết những câu dài hơn ở phần thân bài như bạn thấy đấy tất cả những điều này cần sự luyện tập càng làm nhiều bạn càng thấm và biến nó thành phản xạ tự nhiên của mình nếu bạn thấy có giá trị đừng quên nhấn nút đăng ký kênh và xem thêm các tài liệu tài nguyên mà mình để ở phần mô tả này nhá cảm ơn các bạn đã xem tới cuối video và chúc bạn tạo Ra những chiếc húc thật chất lượng hẹn gặp lại các bạn ở những video sau và mình là Trung công nghệ

  Top Comments:
  1. @trungcongnghe [2 likes]: Nhớ đăng kí kênh để là người xem sớm nhất để xem những video hay và chất lượng nha!
  2. @LamLe-uv5es [1 likes]: Công nhận đúng và hay. Cảm ơn bạn đã chia sẻ
  3. @KienTrung084 [1 likes]: Nội dung hay, cách diễn đạt thu hút, dể hiểu!
  4. @HanleyBaeuhuh [1 likes]: thật hữu ích, rất hóng video tiếp theo của kênh ạ 👏🏻
  5. @trongpham3988 [1 likes]: hay quá
  6. @angoclamha: mình đang tìm hiểu cách làm video để làm bds, cảm ơn những chia sẻ của bạn
  7. @lamphuctranhtoitinhtam4817: Video rất chất lượng  ạ

- The YouTube Hook Formula That Actually Works (to blow up your channel): Kind: captions Language: en The average YouTube video loses 45% of viewers in the first 30 seconds. Most creators think better content will fix this problem. But here's what everyone misses. It's not about better content. It's about better hooks. I've developed a five-step hook formula that helped me increase my audience retention from 55% to 79% and grow from videos that barely got 200 views to ones that reach escape velocity. But don't just take my word for it. Throughout this video, I'll be sharing insights from top creators who've mastered this skill. Let's start with some wisdom from Samir, who together with Colin have built their careers analyzing what makes videos succeed. The first thing we track is first 7-second viewership, then first 30 second viewership. The thing I have to do after I've earned your click is write a compelling hook that first backs up the title and thumbnail, and second introduces a new question that you want the answer to by the end of the video. Those first few seconds are absolutely critical. As Samir pointed out, viewers need immediate validation that they clicked on the right video. And that's exactly what we're going to master today. Imagine this. You step into an elevator and you suddenly realize you're standing next to Mr. Beast. He glances at your YouTube channel on your phone and asks, "So, what's your next video about?" The doors close. You have exactly 30 seconds. You wouldn't start with, "Well, um, my name's Dave and here's what I was thinking." before eventually getting to the point. Instead, you should just instantly hit him with your most compelling idea or a surprising statistic or a counterintuitive approach that makes your video unique. This is exactly what happens when someone clicks on your video. You have 30 seconds to make your pitch. If you waste those seconds with unnecessary context or slow buildup, they leave. I remember how disheartening it felt when I first started out, pouring hours into creating videos I was proud of, only to see people clicking away within seconds. It's like inviting someone to dinner and then watching them walk out before even tasting the food. That feeling of rejection is something every creator understands. And it's not your fault. Most of us were just never taught how to properly introduce our content. And the data backs us up. YouTube's own analytics show that if you lose a viewer in the first 30 seconds, they're likely not coming back to your video. I want to signal in my first 30 seconds that like I know why you clicked on the video and I understand the problems that you are facing. Obviously, Ally nails it here. Your hook needs a signal that you understand exactly why the viewer clicked. When I implemented this approach in my own videos, my average percentage view jumped from around 35% to 45%. The videos that perform best all have one thing in common, a strong structured hook that follows the five-step formula. Let me show you exactly how this formula works. Great YouTube hooks function exactly like movie trailers. They don't give away the entire film, but they create enough intrigue that you can't help but want to see more. The best trailers make you feel like you'll miss out on something valuable if you don't watch the full movie. Your hook needs to create that same sense of anticipation and FOMO in just 30 seconds. There are three key psychological principles to understand how hooks capture attention and drive engagement. Here's how it works. First, the curiosity gap. Your brain hates unresolved questions. When I say most creators get this one thing wrong, you can't help but wonder what that thing is. There's a gap in your knowledge and it makes you curious. Second, pattern interrupts. Unexpected statements jolt your attention. When Lionus says, "The good news is the Nintendo Switch 2 is coming very soon." That sparks your interest, but then when he adds, "But there's also bad news." Your brain immediately perks up because something changed. Third, speed to value. Viewers make snap judgments about value in seconds. The faster you deliver, the better chance they'll stay. With these principles in mind, let's break down the five-step formula. Your first four to eight seconds need to immediately confirm what your video is about and spark interest. You can do this in many ways. A surprising fact, problem statement, dream scenario, a direct question, or mind-blowing information. Here's a couple of quick examples. Hey, it's Mark. So, the latest Zelda game is wonderfully inventive, loads of fun, and I say this without a hint of hyperbole, a crime against user interface design. Mark is a king of sparking interest. He instantly creates interest with a bold, slightly controversial statement. He signals exactly what this video is about, Zelda's UI design, while creating enough tension to make you want to hear more. I joined a professional powerlifting competition with only 100 days to prepare. The only problem, I've never powerlifted before. I have no technical training, and I kind of don't even know what it is. Matt immediately establishes a challenge and a problem, creating instant interest. You're hooked because you want to know how someone with no experience will handle a professional competition. The key to a great interest spark is making sure viewers know within seconds that yes, this video is exactly what you thought it was while adding a compelling reason to keep watching. To help you master this crucial skill, I've created a detailed worksheet that breaks down all five steps of my hook formula. It includes multiple interest spark approaches, proven patterns for different content types, and specific examples that you can adapt for your own videos. You can grab this worksheet for free using the link below like button. After your interest spark, you need a pattern interrupt, a contrasting transition that creates tension. Words like but, however, or yet. They signal that something unexpected is coming. These guys just broke into my car in San Francisco and stole my backpack. What they'll soon find out is that thanks to some high techch glitter and fart spray delivery mechanisms, that's no ordinary backpack. Ain't nobody back there, right? Mark sets up an expectation, car break-in, stolen backpack, and then immediately subverts it with his pattern interrupt. But what they'll soon find out, this creates a tension loop that makes you want to see that resolution. What are they going to find out? Here's another great example. Your party watches as a massive scaly beast descends on them. Its thunderous footsteps shaking the earth. It lets out a blood curdling roar. That's right. It's that classic D&D monster, the Tyrannosaurus Rex. Wait, you thought it was a dragon? Come on, dragons have wings. Try to keep up. Jenny beautifully sets up the expectation and then interrupts the pattern with, "Wait, you thought it was a dragon?" This moment of surprise re-engages your attention and makes you curious about what's coming next. Your pattern interrupt should be quick, just 1 to 5 seconds, but it's crucial for maintaining attention, and its secondary purpose is to lead directly into the next step. Step three has two essential components working together. The first is the twist, which challenges expectations, and second is the specific value, which makes viewers want to stay. Twist and value. This is where you reveal there's more to know than your viewers thought and provide specific value they'll get from watching. There are many different techniques that you can use as a twist. You can challenge conventional wisdom, reveal unexpected information, introduce a counterintuitive solution, pivot to a different aspect of the topic or raise stakes dramatically. Here's a great example from Marquez. See if you can pick out which twist he uses here. This is a drone. And when I say drone delivery, I think most people picture something like this trying to deliver packages, which is just that's ridiculous. That's way too much. But the thing is, I've been looking into drone delivery for the past little bit, and it is very, very different than that. Marquez starts by acknowledging what you think you know about drone delivery, and then challenges that assumption with, "That's ridiculous. That's way too much." He directly challenges the common assumption about drone delivery that he just established. Then he promises to reveal what drone delivery actually looks like based on his research. That's specific knowledge that viewers don't have. The twist creates tension by contradicting what viewers thought they knew. And then you follow it up with the value that offers the resolution to that tension. This one-two punch is what keeps viewers hooked. We have been invited to meet one of the largest, if not the largest, currently living fantasy authors, Mr. Brandon Sanderson. So, I really, really want to impress him with something cool. The twist. Meeting a famous author isn't just a casual encounter. It's a once in a-lifetime opportunity that requires something special. The value. She's going to show viewers her creative process for making something impressive enough for Brandon Sandersonly, something they can learn from and apply to their own projects. Your twist reveals more to the story than viewers initially thought, while your value clearly articulates what they'll gain by continuing to watch. Without both elements working together, your hook loses its power to retain viewers. There are several techniques to promise value. They range from specific outcomes, time or effort savings, valuable insights, or resource reveals. The key is making sure that these two elements complement each other to create an irresistible reason to keep watching. Next, you need to establish why viewers should listen to you specifically. This can be through direct experience, researchbased authority, or borrowed credibility. Every year, 20,000 cars are broken into in the city of San Francisco. Having teamed up with a veteran investigative reporter and gotten our bait car broken into 25 separate occasions over the past 8 months, Mark establishes credibility through research, sharing statistics, and mentioning his extensive testing. This signals that his content is backed by real data, not just opinions. In my case, for this video, I mentioned how I've gone from videos that get 200 views to finally breaking out by using these exact techniques. and I use borrowed credibility from other creators to make my points. Your credibility statements need to be brief but specific. Give viewers confidence that you can deliver on the value you promised. And step five, you need to compress your hook to deliver maximum impact in minimum time. Use short, punchy sentences that create momentum. And so in this video, I want to share five tips that I've learned over the years that I find super helpful for why your boss might hate you and crucially what to do about it. Alli ends his hook with clear signposting of what's coming next. Five specific tips plus solutions. This creates clarity and sets expectations for the video. Remember the difference between a wordy hook and a compressed hook is dramatic. Just listen to this. If you've been trying to grow your YouTube channel for a while now, but haven't been seeing the kind of results you're hoping for, you're definitely not alone. Because this is something that a lot of content creators struggle with. And it's often because they don't have an effective hook strategy versus this compressed version. Your YouTube channel isn't growing fast enough. You're not alone. Most creators struggle to do this, too. The problem isn't your content quality, it's your hooks. My five-step hook formula can fix this immediately. The compressed version has more impact in less time. Exactly what you need in a hook. And the last piece of this puzzle is the other half of the equation for video, your visual hook. This is basically part six, but only for video. And I'll be honest, visuals are something that I'm actively working to improve in my own videos. Including visual elements will make your hook 100 times more powerful than just spoken words alone. That's because people read faster than they can listen, and they can visually comprehend a full scene almost instantly. When a viewer first clicks on a on your video, they're making split-second judgments based on what they can see, not just what they hear. There are two key visual elements that help the most. If you skip these, you're ruining all the hard work you've done. The first critical visual element is text on screen. Just putting three to five words in a big bold font dramatically improves your viewer retention. These words should distill your main message down to its essence. For example, if your verbal hook mentions why successful YouTube videos use pattern interrupts, you might want to show one of these on screen. The second crucial piece is motion. You need just the right amount. Too much motion overwhelms viewers and they'll miss your message. Too little motion and it's like having none at all. It bores them and they'll leave. This could be as simple as deliberate hand gestures or walking slightly towards the camera, changing your position, or a camera zoom. Implementing basic text overlays and more intentional movement significantly improves how many people stick around. The combination of text on screen, the right amount of motion, and your spoken hook creates a powerful synergy that's far more effective than relying on your words alone. By the way, if you're finding this content helpful, you should know that my newsletter subscribers received this worksheet early. They've already been implementing these techniques while I was putting this video together. When you sign up for my newsletter, you'll immediately get this five-step intra hook formula as a welcome gift. I send out resources like this, plus tips and insights every week. Just click the link in the description to join. It's completely free. And if you just want the worksheet, you can download it and unsubscribe right away. No hard feelings. But I think that you'll find the tips that I share weekly valuable for growing your channel. Let's address four quick hook mistakes that can derail your entire video's performance. The first is too much context. Starting with unnecessary background instead of jumping straight to value. This is one of the key lessons I learned from my content strategy video. if you want an example of what not to do. Second, excessive greeting formalities, wasting precious seconds on, "Hey guys, welcome back to my channel." Some creators can get away with this, maybe in an a bridged diversion of this, but they're not small creators. Third, vague value promises, saying, "This will help you," instead of specifically how it will help them. And fourth, low energy delivery, not matching your delivery energy to the importance of your message. If your hooks aren't working, try to record multiple versions. Be sure to always analyze your audience retention to see where viewers drop off and learn from those lessons and improve in your next video. We're all on this creator journey together. I've made plenty of hook mistakes myself. Videos where I rambled too long before getting to the point or where I failed to clearly communicate the value, but that's how we learn and grow. Every video is a chance to improve, and I'm still refining my approach with each upload. The first 30 seconds of your video can literally be the difference between a video that barely gets 200 views and one that reaches escape velocity. By implementing this five-step hook formula of intra spark, pattern interrupt, twist and value, credibility, and speed to value, you dramatically increase how many viewers stick around for your content. And here's the amazing thing. As you get better at hooks, you'll find that they not only improve your metrics, they also help you create clearer, more valuable content overall. I'd love to hear about your experience with hooks in the comments. What's been working for you? Which step of the formula do you find most challenging? or if you're willing to share, post your best hook from a recent video and we can all learn from each other's examples. I personally read all the comments and I try to respond to as many as I can. Remember, just like growing a YouTube channel takes time, mastering hooks is a skill that develops with practice. Don't get discouraged if your first attempts don't immediately double your retention. Keep refining your approach. Study what works and you'll see improvements with each video. Now you understand how to hook your viewers. But you might be thinking, "I don't even know how to get viewers in the first place." The key to YouTube success isn't making better videos. It's understanding that viewers watch for themselves, not for you. Watch this to understand the mindset shift required to attract more viewers. It's not about you.

  Top Comments:
  1. @davejeltema3 [59 likes]: I struggled with the hook on the video about hooks, who would have guessed xD. But as I mentioned, improving your hooks is a skill that takes practice. Done is better than none, and I had to get this video out. Keep practicing your hooks too - we're all learning together!
  2. @OnionGrassFoodForest [1 likes]: I love that you included Ginny Di in this.
  3. @imchoffy [1 likes]: Nice video
  4. @shehzadmuzammill [1 likes]: brother you are an honest guy <3
  5. @ОлегБушилов [1 likes]: thank you
  6. @YouTubeOperatorAcademy: Nice framing — I’d also make the first 15 seconds deliver the same promise as the thumbnail/title so the viewer feels the payoff immediately.
  7. @GrunfWorks: Nice structure. I’d make the first line even more specific about the viewer payoff, then trim anything before the hook has already earned attention.
  8. @Woodenshoe-droning: Great information as usual.  I will use it ❤
  9. @BjornFree7: I'm bad at this. I've been writing for 35 years as a hobby, published several times. But I can't set the hook to save my life.
  10. @pearlbotts: love this video! thank you for sharing
  11. @DirtyLittleRats: thank you!
  12. @zivamayne: 0:12 79%💀. This is what I’m trying to get better at right now
  13. @motorradvoyager: Absolutely gold content for new channels
  14. @TopDeckCardsUnboxing: good advice!
  15. @SothpawDesigns: I watch a lot of generic "make better videos" videos, but this is an excellent piece of content. You got the sub, and even got me to join the newsletter, which I VERY rarely do. Thank you.
  16. @DemonBunnyDioramas: Great video. I struggle on how apply this my diorama videos.  great doc too, thank you
  17. @SimpleTechExplained-ur2ig: Thanks for a hook. Really nice!
  18. @butCheek2000: Do you know anybody that can help me with a hook because I don't know how to do a hook?
  19. @CoachClaySmith: This was articulated with so much clarity. I really appreciate the way you broke this down—it gave me something practical to reflect on & apply. Thank you for sharing your insight. 💡
  20. @rod_yap: thx bro

- The Sneaky Formula to Hook Viewers on YouTube: Kind: captions Language: en I've got millions of views across a bunch of different channels my team and I have worked on and it all boils down to this a hook so strong that people can't look away so in this video I'll show you the thing that every viral YouTube video does in the first 15 seconds and a step-by-step guide to writing intros that'll help your videos get maximum views and for those who stick around until the end I'll also be giving away a free reference document to help you apply this step by step the right way so here's the thing that 99% of viral videos do in their hooks which is actually one of the main reasons they went viral in the first place and it's so simple that you'll wonder why you never noticed it this is a concept I like to call the payoff which basically means you have to pay off what you promise for example I have a video on my Dev Channel called I made a video game with no computer and the title was risky because the claim was outlandish and if I didn't pay off the viewers expectations within the first few seconds they would just leave and my video would flop but I was able to craft the perfect Hook and the video went on to get almost 300,000 views but you might be wondering how I delivered on a concept that was pretty much impossible that's where the 70% rule comes in going into this video the viewers were probably expecting me to create a computer out of a cardboard box using Nintendo DS or something weird like that but I actually just got on the phone called my friends and told them how to make the game with their computers I wasn't totally fulfilling their expectations but I got close enough to where it didn't feel like clickbait this means you only really need to deliver on 70% of the promise you're making on the title and thumbnail as long as you follow it up with a banger video this gives you a lot of room to explore unique angles because people are surprisingly open to having their expectations subverted as long as you entertain them or provide value in some other way however there's also value in overd delivering on your video's promise and we'll talk about that in just a second but first let's outline the entire process of writing viral Hooks and I promise it's actually easier than you'd expect step one is to outline the problem people watch videos to solve problems even if it's an entertainment video you can make the case that their problem is their board so they're looking for something to pass the time with education centering your video around the problem is even easier for example if you clicked on this video chances are you're not getting as many views as you like or your attention rate is low or you're just not getting the results you want on YouTube so when you write your hook the first thing you should do is confirm your viewers problem and you have two options to do that a you address the problem directly by saying something like getting views on YouTube is one of the biggest problems creators struggle with or B you just make the problem implicit and get straight to the benefit like I did in this video I've got millions of views across a bunch of different channels my team and I have worked on and it all boils down to this a hook so strong that people can't look away this still works because if you were getting hundreds of thousands of views on your channel you probably wouldn't even bother watching a video like this so I'm still addressing your problem and saying hey I've got the solution which brings me on to the second part nobody wants to hear about their problems unless they're also being offered a solution but more than saying you've got the solution you also need to say what it is without giving it completely away if you give away exactly what the solution is people won't have a reason to stay in watch it's a tough thing to balance but you can do it by omitting the solution and focusing just on the benefits so for example in this video that you're watching right now I Told You So in this video I'll show you the thing that every viral YouTube video does in the first 15 seconds and a step-by-step guide to writing intros that'll help your videos get maximum views I told you there's a thing that every viral video does but I didn't tell you exactly what it was instead I focused on the benefit going viral I also told you there's a step-by-step way to write a viral video hook but I didn't tell you what it was again I just reinforced the benefit which was getting more views but if you paid attention you'll also notice that I did something else in the hook of this video anyone can honestly say anything on the internet so if you want people to trust you and hence watch your video you need to give them a reason to for example if I make a video called how to get 100,000 views on a YouTube video and I just tell you hey I know how to get a ton of views in my intro are you really going to believe me well no that's a huge huge claim and I need some way to back it up however if I instead twist that like I did in this video and say I've got millions of views across a bunch of different channels my team and I have worked on and then I show you real screenshots and channels so you can just go and check for yourself I immediately established my authority on the subject but if you don't have social proof on a topic that's also not the end of the road for you because you can always hijack someone else's Authority for example I made a video on this channel about how to make a million dollars with a niche on YouTube I myself have not made a million dollar off of AD Revenue but I was able to bring in a YouTuber who had actually made that amount of money and interview him using someone else's social proof is a smart strategy especially when it complements your content and enhances the credibility of the information that you're presenting this approach not only bolsters your position but also provides a different perspective making the content more engaging and authoritative and it's a great way to bridge the gap when you're still building your credibility in a particular area this structure of addressing the problem positioning Your solution and showing your Authority should be more than enough to hook most viewers but there's always the occasional person who's still not convinced and this is why I use this next technique but before revealing what it is let me introduce you to v.o because all the information I'm giving away in this video is only going to be half as effective if your editing sucks v. is the most convenient and comprehensive online video editor for you and your next project with v. I's new magic cut feature you'll be able to Simply drag and drop a clip into the editor and with just one easy click of a button on magic cut voila it does the work for you saving your time and effort you won't ever have to worry about silences mistakes filler words and double takes ever again while recording your videos you also won't need to spend hours manually editing your own videos just to find the right mesh of Clips ever again in fact you'll get perfect videos in an instant and the best part the magic cut feature works on videos of any length no matter how long they are so podcast presentations social media posts and anything in between the. has you covered in fact with the a lot of my personal projects recently I've been using v. and Magic cut to make my videos quickly and still make them look good it's a really great tool and I wouldn't endorse them if I didn't truly believe that so if you want to spend less time editing and focus on the things that actually matter to you then click on the link in the description to try v. for free today to ensure even the most skeptical viewers watch my videos until the end I use another really effective hook technique my team of script writers and I call this the nudge after you've given people all the reasons they should believe you they just need a little push off of the Cliff's Edge to actually watch your videos sometimes in practice this means that maybe you're giving away something for free at the end of your video so people are more motivated to stay but please avoid this mistake that I made early on at all costs I had a video about voiceovers where I gave something away at the end of the video but I never outlined that in the hook which was a terrible mistake and stifled my video's potential by quite a bit and although it still did very well it could have gone up to 300,000 or even even 400,000 views if I didn't screw this up in this video I told you that I was going to give you a free reference doc to help you implement the tips of this video right away I hope you don't think I'm manipulative with this move but the goal is to make you go man I clicked on this video to learn how to hook people and this guy's also going to help me implement it awesome and if you're watching this video right now it means it probably worked so you should use this technique in your videos too and as promis to get the doct that will help you apply my hook framework in an easy manner so you get thousands of views just go to Nate wealth.com or click the link in the description and now you know how to make the perfect hook but even though that's important it's only a small piece of your entire video so I made this video on how you can use the most engaging storytelling structure to keep your videos retention at an all-time high check it out here

  Top Comments:
  1. @forthosewhoHUNGER [16 likes]: He explained pretty much NOTHING about how to write a hook. I learned nothing except that I don’t really  trust him as this video is six months old and he only has 45k views.
  2. @YourUpliftNotes [1 likes]: Bro actually practices what he teaches. When someone explains things in simple words, you can tell they truly know their stuff. I watched a few other videos with over 100K views on this topic, and it’s clear they try to complicate simple ideas by using fancy words. Thanks for sharing — I’ll definitely test it out!
  3. @TodaysTopic-Story [1 likes]: Dude actually breaks down his viral video instead of talking a bunch of theory... 😭 That's so rare... ❤
  4. @Gemmio [1 likes]: O reallyy 😅
  5. @HAMZA-OLYMPUS [1 likes]: 1:17  What the shit? You are clickbait!
  6. @SZAIFACTS [1 likes]: My script 📜      =85/100
My hook 🪝       =80/100
My visuals 🌄    = 90/100
My topic 💥      = 100/100
My video 📷      = 80/100
__________________________
My views.       = 5/100

     Why god why 😭😭
  7. @StreaMerCliPzsZzz: thanks, this can help me grow my channel more!
  8. @kingofdice66: You've got bamboozled by the video. 🤣🤣🤣
  9. @Digesh.Change: Beast!❤
  10. @Drslydei: This guy  looks like mark zukerbeg ❤
  11. @TheTradeAren: hmmm i see
  12. @AteteTete-c6v-i1o: What tips of content can I create for my viewers
  13. @yizcarz: good content
  14. @Theworldsearch-v8g: That meta owner guy teaching us, just wow
  15. @jacksoncolemusic: You look like mark zuckerberg lol
  16. @pydon_10: I love how you used your own advice to create the perfect hook for a video teaching on how to make good hooks
  17. @fahimalikhan1: I really like the way you told the things step by step! appreciate it.
  18. @Verifacto_Pro: W
  19. @rahuluncoverd: Bro is marc zukarbug
  20. @BearClaws94258: This may not have been what the video was about, but it is important. To have eternal life, to escape hell, do not to try to become religious or to reform yourself morally. It's like offering a bribe to God to clear you of your bad deeds, because a good work will not clear bad deeds, like in any court. If you’ve so much as lied and stolen you already stand as a liar and thief before God. The book of Romans mentions that the wages of sin is death, evident in that all are dying, but that the gift of God is everlasting life through Jesus Christ. How so? Most people know Jesus died on the cross 2,000 years ago, but many might not know that He paid for our punishment of death on that cross. We broke God’s law, Jesus paid our fine on the cross. He afterwards rose from the dead 3 days later and defeated death, and all that you have to do to have eternal life and to be saved from hell is that while you should of course turn from your sins, trust alone in what Jesus did for you on the cross rather than trying to make your own way to God. 

If you will turn to Jesus and trust Him rather than your own deeds, you will be saved from hell and eternal death. It's not about joining a religion or trying to earn it, but just turning to God and being given mercy because of what He did for you. Why can you go to heaven? Because Jesus paid for your sins already and will clear your case when you simply trust Him to save you. The validity of this promise is clear through the prophecies of the Bible being fulfilled throughout the years with many being fulfilled now, with one example being in the nations coming against Israel in the current day, with Israel’s sudden return to their land also being foretold. Read into the Bible for yourself even, and you will see for yourself that this is all true. Therefore decide now what you will do, as you do not know when you will die and this is about your very eternity. Hell is eternal torment and God will not postpone the day of judgement.