- 25 Hooks that will guarantee to stop the scroll on your UGC videos (With examples): Kind: captions Language: en I've made over 2,000 UGC videos for brands like Petco, Pack, Blue Apron, Pears, Vaseline, Meta. And if your first 3 seconds of your video are weak, it really doesn't matter what happens in the rest of your video. So, in this video, I'm going to give you 25 proven UGC hooks that you can literally plug into any UGC video to get more people to stop their scrolling content and therefore have brands pay you more. And on repeat, hooks are literally the most important part of your UGC video. If you do not spend at least 80% of your effort on writing the hook, then you are doing it all wrong. Now, I'm going to give you a little bit of hook background before I get into the 25 hooks. And this is important because we will only be talking about one type of hook and that is verbal hooks. Verbal hooks are anything that you say at the start of your video or what you put at the start of your script to make sure that you are stopping the scroll. There is also textual, auditory, visual and organic hooks. Textual hooks are anything that's written on the screen in the first 3 seconds. This is also an opportunity for you to kind of rephrase the hook in a shorter, more catchy format so that you can catch attention that way. Auditory is like an unexpected sound. So this could be like ASMR. It could be an added sound effect. It could be something like a ding or a whoosh at the very beginning of the video to just kind of pattern interrupt. A visual hook is going to be something a little bit unexpected. So, one of the top performing visual hooks that I did was actually I put my phone on.5 in a shopping basket and had it pointed up. So, it was basically like it was in my shopping basket and I was shopping around the store. This hook actually had a 54% stop rate. So, it was very successful. But, anything visually unexpected, visually different could be a visual hook. And then the last one is an organic hook. This is things you don't even realize are hooks, but are actually hooks. Like the Gen Z shake where you're putting down your phone like you have to talk to them right freaking now or you are going to forget everything that you thought you had to say or holding a coffee cup in your hand or some sort of other drink or holding a mic in your hand is also an organic visual hook. These are hooks that you don't even realize are hooks. Putting on lip gloss or chapstick. They're things that people are naturally doing but they're doing it on purpose and you don't even realize they're doing it on purpose. So the best way to have a hook is actually to do a trifecta. That's my favorite way to do it. I love to do three hooks in one. So it may be a verbal hook, an auditory hook, and a visual hook. Or a verbal hook, an organic hook, and a text on screen hook. Whatever it is, I like to do three just so you have kind of the trifecta of stopping the scroll. Today, we're only going to be talking about the verbal hooks, but keeping this hook trifecta in mind will change your videos. I promise. The second thing you need to understand about a hook is the hook is only going to stop the scroll if you hit one of three basic instincts. Okay, first instinct is the survival instinct. And no, I'm not talking about fear-mongering. This is the brain literally processing the information that it's seeing and saying, "Is this relevant to me right now or is it not?" And if you don't catch enough attention in the first 3 seconds to have your brain or the viewer's brain say, "Yes, this is relevant to me. No, it's not." They're not going to stop their scroll. This is why you have to get hyper hyper specific with your painoint hooks. So, you can have people that are watching this video directly say, "Yep, this is relevant to me." Second is the social instincts. Humans are obsessed with social status. They're obsessed with belonging, identity. So, with this, you're making them feel like they're part of a community. They're stopping the scroll because they're like, "Wait, this is me. Wait, I thought I was alone in this. Oh my gosh, is that something that I can actually achieve? Is that a dream that I can actually have? Is that a social status that I can actually have? This content is going to be either relatable or aspirational?" And the third instinct is curiosity. The brain cannot stand open loops. Have you ever scrolled on social media and like a hook came up and you were like, "Gh, I don't want to watch that." And then you scrolled past and then you literally were like, "No, I need to know how this video ends." and you've scrolled back because I know I have. My brain cannot handle open loops. This is the curiosity of like, okay, I need to know how this ends. Okay, I need to know what this product is. Okay, what do you mean this is the most impactful thing you've ever had happen to you in your life? If your hook gives away everything in the 3 to 5 seconds, it's going to kill retention. So, these curiosity instincts are going to build tension. You need to make sure that your hook is hitting one of these three basic instincts: survival, social, or curiosity. Now, since I made over 2,000 videos, I've done a ton of different hooks, hook combinations. The trifecta has been used in every single way possible. But I'm going to give you the 25 best hooks that I would recommend to use right now. The first type of hooks are going to be painled. These are direct response gold, meaning that these are going to make people immediately feel like they are in this ad and that they are that somebody for whatever reason understands their experience and understands their pain and is going to give them a solution to it. You want to get hyper specific with pain points with these so that you are very clearly talking to the viewer in a language they would understand. So, if you're talking about a productivity app, you don't want to say something like, "This will make you more productive." You would want to say something like, "I have been doom scrolling every single night until 2 a.m. and so my sleep has been terrible and I wake up late every morning and I cannot seem to get out of this loop." Right? Very specific, very relatable. So, for the first six hooks, we're going to do painled hooks. Number one is if you've tried everything for X and nothing works, this is for you. If you've tried everything for better sleep and nothing has worked, this is for you. This is digging into the pain point of somebody that has tried multiple things, that has failed multiple times, is kind of at their wit's end, and they don't know how to improve their sleep quality or improve their quality of whatever the product is that you're selling. Number two, if your ex isn't why, you need to see this. If your mascara isn't staying on all day and is flaking off halfway through the day, you need to see this. Number three, if you're tired of X but don't have time for Y, this changed everything for me. If you're tired of eating like a complete trash can, but you don't have time to cook every day, this is for you. If other X brands didn't work for you because of Y, you need to try this next. If you struggle with impulsive spending on a daily basis, watch this before you buy anything else. This could be for like a budgeting app or a money app. Number six, if your ex looks like this, this is exactly why it's not working. If your makeup is looking cakey halfway through the day, this is exactly why it's not working. This could be for like a setting spray or some sort of primer. The second type of hooks we're going to cover is testimonial style hooks. These build really high trust and we're actually talking about your experience as the person that's doing the UGC video instead of the viewer's experience. Number one, I was seriously considering giving up on X until I found this. I was seriously considering giving up on my dry skin until I found this. Number two, I've tried more X brands than I can count and this is the only one that's worked. I've tried more plant food brands than I can count and this is the only one that's actually grown my plants. Number three, I switched this X and noticed a difference immediately. I switched this one thing in my sleep routine and noticed a difference immediately. Number four, this product made me fall in love with X again. This product made me fall in love with sleeping again. After using X for Y days, this is exactly what changed. This one works really well because it's the law of specificity. You're saying exactly how many days you've been using the product and giving them a realistic expectation of when they can expect results. I've been using this moisturizer for 7 days and here's exactly what changed. The other thing is that people are really intrigued by like here's what changed. Here's my testimonial. Here's like you can't tell if this is about to be negative or positive. So people are like, "Wait, what?" But number six, this is a routine that finally fixed X for me. This is the routine that finally fixed my impulsive spending for me. The next set of hooks is the negative or the contrarian hooks. This is just human nature. We as humans are always like, "Ooh, tell me the tea. Ooh, she didn't like this. Ooh, I want to know what went wrong. Ooh, tell me why. Oh, uh uh. We love the drama. We live for the drama. We want to know the drama. We want to be in on the drama. So, that's why these hooks are so eye-catching. Number one, stop buying X if this is what you want instead. Stop buying cheap $20 microphones if you want crystal clear sound and quality in your videos instead. Number two, if you're doing X like this, you're doing it wrong. If you're doing your makeup like this, you're doing it wrong. Number three, don't buy another X until you see this. Don't buy another winter jacket until you see this. Four, this is why X isn't working and nobody tells you this. This is why that weight loss supplement Number five, three reasons why I would never buy X. Three reasons why I would never buy a Blue Apron again. And in these three reasons, you're going to give really positive stuff like the food is so delicious that it's ruined other food for you. The cooking is so easy that I have no excuse not to do it anymore. Things like that. The next section is the fear section or the logical section. This is where you almost make the viewer feel like you're telling them a secret or you're pulling back the curtain or you're letting them in on something that like they don't normally hear about on the internet. Number one, I hate to be the one to tell you this, but your ex could be the reason why it's happening. I hate to be the one to tell you this, but your gut could be the reason that you're having terrible sleep. Number two, big brands don't want you to know about X. Big brands don't want you to know about all the chemicals that are in your laundry detergent. Number three, most people don't realize they're damaging their ex by doing this. Most people don't know that they're damaging their hearing by doing this. This could be good for like loops, earplugs, or something. Number four, this looks fine, but it's actually costing you X. This looks fine, but it's actually costing you thousands of dollars and so much unnecessary plastic. specifically for the plastic. I'm thinking something like green, organic, some sort of company that's like reducing plastic waste. And the last one is social proof. This is basically where people like to be in the in. They like to know what's viral, what's trending. That's why things trend because everybody wants to know what everybody else is doing. Everybody wants to know what everybody else is using, which again is why UGC is so successful. Number one, I kept seeing X everywhere, so I finally tried it. I kept seeing these viral headphones everywhere, so I had to try them. Number two, this X has thousands of fivestar reviews, and now I see why. This couch has thousands of five-star reviews and now I see why. Number three, I got so many DMs after posting this. So, here's the tea. With this, I would have a bunch of DMs popping up on the screen like, "Girl, what is this? Where did you get this? I love your sweater. I love your whatever. Whatever the product is," and just have a bunch of like either comments or DMs popping up all around you for social proof. Number four, I just found out that the Viral X is finally back in stock, and I had to tell you, this one gives a lot of scarcity mindset and a lot of like urgency because people have FOMO, and they now know that it's viral. It constantly sells out. So, if it's in stock, they need to act right now. I just found out the viral peel shot is finally back in stock and I had to tell you. There are so many hooks that you can use for your UGC videos. This is literally just 25 off the top of my head. But just remember whenever you're crafting your hooks that you want to use the trifecta and hit one of the instincts and you'll do amazing. If you enjoyed this video, come join my next free live UGC master class. The link is in the description.

  Top Comments:
  1. @LyndaMarieUGC [3 likes]: I love your videos👏🏻!! Please never stop posting 🙏🏻🙏🏻❤️
  2. @fernroberts_property117 [2 likes]: really great content and putting some in to use today for my portfolio!
  3. @Yespls888 [1 likes]: Your content is sooo helpful!! ❤
  4. @MatheusParizi [1 likes]: Super useful and relatable video! Thank you!
  5. @waynecommodore79 [1 likes]: Love it
  6. @salvadorsalter76: This is amazing, most helpful content I’ve seen as a new ugc creator!
  7. @NicholasSegura: aMAzing tips!

- I studied 100+ hooks, this strategy will make you go viral: Kind: captions Language: en This is a hook and this is a hook. I've spent hundreds of hours scouring the internet to find the best hook strategies and the results have taken my views from this to this. In today's video, I'm going to break down how you can use hooks to get the same results. By the way, this video is sponsored by Story Blocks. More on them later. There has been a huge shift when it comes to how successful creators, keyword successful, have been approaching their hooks. And the shift is this. They are no longer thinking about hooks as a catchy sentence. Instead, they're thinking about hooks like a moment. So, it's a mixture of words, visuals, and pacing, which is designed to grab your audience's attention. Now, I'm not going to spend loads of time talking about why hooks are super important, because at the end of the day, you know why they're important. They take up those precious first few seconds of your content that are designed to grab your audience's attention. And if you don't do it well, people will scroll past your content, and you will not get the views, the engagement, and genuinely the recognition that your content deserves. So, let's break down what thinking of your hooks as a moment actually means. There are now three core elements that make up a fantastic hook. And again, I say now because previously there really was just one element which was saying a really catchy sentence, which is definitely something I was guilty of for years. I'm going to show you some examples later. Don't you worry. We're moving on from it being one catchy sentence to it being a whole moment. And there are three elements which make up that moment. There are the words that your audience can hear within the first few seconds of your content. There are the visuals. So, these are the stuff that people see on your content. And there's the pacing. So, this is how quickly you actually get through your initial hook and video intro. Now, I want to break each of these elements down further so that you can truly understand how to utilize each to create an amazing hook. And later on in this video, I'm going to share real life examples of my own content when I've done it well and when I've done it not so well. So, let's talk about the words first. So, these are things that you're either saying on camera or just words that your audience can hear within the first few seconds of your video content. In order for the words that your audience are hearing to be effective, you want them to be specific, surprising, and hopefully create a bit of tension. For example, instead of saying, "Here are three tips to grow on Instagram, this is one that I'm pretty sure I've probably used in the past, and you know what? Maybe that worked in the past. I'll give myself some grace." Nowadays, those words aren't going to cut it. Instead, you might want to say something like, "Here's the reason nobody cares about your Instagram posts." Do you see how much more dramatic that alternative option is? You essentially want to give all of your words like a bit of a drama test. Are they dramatic enough? Could you be a bit more dramatic in what you're saying and in your delivery? Honestly, the more dramatic it is, the more likely it is to actually capture people's attention and stop them scrolling. The second element is the visuals. This is the element that's the most new when it comes to how hooks are working on social media nowadays. Previously, words are enough and now we've got to throw in visuals, too. A good hook will have visual elements appear on the screen that are designed to get your audience's attention. So whether that's captions, special effects, graphics, or maybe you just do something really interesting in the first few seconds of your video that gets someone's attention. A really great example of this is the foreshadowing trend. Do you guys remember that? Where people would basically take a clip of them doing something really embarrassing like maybe they fell over or something and they would frontend the video with that clip. So the first few seconds of the video would be them falling over and the rest of the video would be snippets which show the events which led up to them falling over. This trend worked so well, not only because it was super funny and interesting, but also because it had a hook built into its template. It literally forced you to open with the most exciting part. And in this example, that was something visual. Third element is pacing. During the first few seconds of your video, you need to bring the energy. Okay? You need to have some energy and some pacing in that video. We do not want a slow start. We do not want pauses unless they're used effectively. And again, I'm going to show you some examples of a pause being used effectively in just a moment. What we don't Oh, my dog's slipping. By the way, my dog just got neuted, so she's in this little outfit so that she doesn't bother her scar. They wouldn't give her a cone because she has too long of a nose. Anyway, what we want to do if we're using pauses is we want to use them for dramatic effect. What we don't want to do is use the millennial pause. Have you guys heard about the millennial pause? It's essentially when people, usually millennials, take this breath before they film. It comes back to us not growing up around video technology and therefore us not being used to being able to film each other. So we take this breath before we film because we want to check that the camera is actually recording. Whereas younger people like Gen Z and Gen Alpha grew up with the ability to film others. So when they film themselves, they immediately start talking because they trust that their camera is already filming them. Isn't that mind-blowing? I did a video on it on Tik Tok. It went viral. I got in the sun newspaper. Also got trolled quite a lot. It was a whole moment. So, when you combine the right words, visuals, and pacing, you will end up with an incredible hook. Now, before I show you some real life examples of hooks that have worked well and haven't worked so well, I do want to take a quick second to share a resource that you should be using inside your hooks to level them up. And that resource is Story Blocks. Now, one of my favorite videos that I shared within the last few months is this one. And what you'll notice about this post is that I really nailed the visual element of this hook. All right, within the first few seconds of this post, you'll see some incredible videos pop up on the screen. Now, it may or may not surprise you to know that I did not capture that video footage. That video footage is actually stock media that I obtained from Story Blocks. Now, if you don't know about Story Blocks already, it's a stock media subscription service which gives you unlimited access to highquality videos, images, sound effects, audio, templates, and so much more. They're all about helping creators and businesses enhance their projects without any extra costs and with more peace of mind. Now, there's a couple ways that they do this, right? The first is by offering unlimited stock media downloads at one set price. So, this means that you have everything you need in one place. 4K video, HD video, templates, sound effects, images, and more. And this is all available to you at one predictable monthly cost. So, you don't have to worry about pay-per-click pricing or any hidden fees. Another way that they do this is by offering clearcut licensing. So, any of the assets that you use are actually covered by the highest legal coverage in the industry. so you can really focus on creating and not having to worry about things like copyright strikes. Their stock library is also frequently refreshed, which means it always contains high-quality, diverse content, which really reflects the human experience, which is very important when it comes to storytelling in the world of AI. I do actually have a special treat for you when it comes to joining Storyblocks. You can get three extra months for free when you sign up to their annual plan. Head to storyblocks.com/jadebon to take advantage of this limited time offer. Thank me later. All right, let's do some case studies. Let's compare some good hooks that I've used and some bad hooks that I've used. I'm actually really excited for this section cuz it's going to be incredibly exposing. Let's ease myself into this by starting off with an example of a good hook. This is a hook that I used on a recent post that performed really well for me. I cried over social media this morning. Embarrassing, I know, but I was going through my content and I was struck with this sudden thought. I'm flopping. Now, let's use the three core elements of a successful hook to actually break down why this worked. The first is the words. I actually started this video by talking about something that's quite emotional. Like I was talking about the fact that I had been crying over my content, which is embarrassing, but watch the full video for context. If you open a video with emotional words, exposing words, very vulnerable words, that is a great use of that element of your hook. It's going to grab people's attention. Now, let's look at the visuals, cuz there was a few things going on here. I was walking towards the camera, which created some movement. I had my captions appear on the screen in a very specific style, right? And you'll see this as a pattern. I basically had every word appear as I said it because this encourages my audience to read and listen along. Great for engagement, great for attention. I also had some screenshots and some graphics appear on the screen as well. In terms of the pacing, it was fast. There was no dead air. If I'm being honest, my pacing for all of these examples are pretty much the same. I feel like when you create content for 5 years, you do get to a point where you nail the pace of your content. So, that's pretty consistent across the board. A quick tip for me here before I give you an example of a hook that didn't work so well is I tend to do my hooks multiple times. So, I tend to film at least three different takes of my hooks, and usually the third take is the best take. I don't do that for the rest of my video content, but the hook is so important that I like to give it a little bit extra practice. All right, here's one that didn't work very well. Instagram is constantly changing. Here are a few things that you should be doing to make sure that you don't fall behind. This is actually a really good video. Like, all these videos are probably equally as valuable. One of the main reasons why it doesn't perform as well is simply because the hook wasn't as effective. Now, the words and the pacing of this video was totally fine. I think where this video fell down was on the visuals. There wasn't much going on apart from when I had the big words appear behind my face. Now, whilst that's engaging and interesting, we actually highlighted the wrong words. What we should have highlighted was Instagram because that's the thing that would have grabbed our audience's attention, right? So, I guess a pro tip for me on this one is to make sure when you're crafting your hook, you're doing it with your audience in mind. Another example of a video that worked really well, I had to share this one because at the time of filming, this one has over 11,000 likes. I have never had that many likes on an Instagram video before. Like, that's insane. And it's actually part of a new series that I'm doing because it was so wellreceived. Something weird is happening on Instagram right now. Trends are emerging which are helping creators blow up. Now, all three elements of this hook were just nailed if I do say so myself. The words, me starting off by saying, "Something weird is happening on Instagram right now." 10 out of 10. That is going to immediately grab my audience's attention. It sparks so much curiosity. It makes them think, "Hold on, what's happening on Instagram?" Right? That paired with the visuals, we had a fast zoom. We had the text which was synced with my speech. We had a quick snapshot of all the trends that I was about to break down. And we had the strong headline. This was all within the space of a few seconds, guys. And as I mentioned, the pacing is pretty much standard across the board, but this was a great example of a hook. Now, I feel responsible for sharing this final example because I'm pretty sure I would have given advice to create a hook like this in the past. And look, I'm not going to say I was wrong because this worked at one point in time. It just doesn't work anymore. 80% of adults consume content across multiple formats. This video is actually a cut down of a longer form video. And what that means as a result is that the initial words that were being said weren't that engaging. I led with a stat like 80%. Who cares about a stat? That's not interesting. There was virtually no visuals outside of my captions. And as always, the pacing was pretty decent. But the other two elements were not hitting. And I wanted to share this one because it brings up a really important tip. If you are going to repurpose your long- form videos into reals, you will probably need to film a separate hook for them. And that's okay. They're still worth repurposing. Do not get me wrong. It's just that most of the time when you're repurposing a long form video, you are going to find it incredibly difficult to find a snippet which actually starts with something that will actually be an effective hook in this day and age. Like, you're just going to find it difficult. So, you might need to film a separate one which nails those three elements. All right, I think we've gone pretty deep already, but I'm not going to leave you there. I do want to share some very specific hacks that you can copy from those hooks that I shared that will help you level up your content instantly. Hack one is probably the easiest of all of these hacks and it's to use pauses effectively. You know how earlier on in this video I spoke about not wanting to do the millennial pause. We don't want that. But at times you can actually pause for effect and it can work wonders for your content. I actually have not one but two examples of me doing this. I got ghosted like hundreds of times. We need to talk about Becca Bloom. As you can see, I very much use pauses for effects in both of those videos, and it helps me land what I was trying to say better, right? So, try using pauses in your next hook and see if it works for you. The next hack is definitely the most creatively challenging hack. And this one is about dynamic editing. Now, this one is honestly one of the hardest ones to implement because it requires a lot of time and effort. And that is coming from me, someone who only does the pre-production and the production of my content. I don't do the post-p production. So, I have different editors. I have an editor for my long form, an editor for my short form. I even have someone who helps me schedule and post all of my content as well. So, keep in mind that if I'm saying this is difficult to do, then if you are doing every element of your content creation, please know that this is probably going to be challenging, too. But it is creatively fulfilling. I will say that dynamic editing basically requires you to do something unexpected with the way that you're editing your content. And to be fair, this can also include your filming. For example, you could open with a unique angle like this one, right? This is not an angle that you often see on short form content, although you are seeing it more lately, and that increases the likelihood of it capturing people's attention because it's not something they're used to seeing. Another example, and one that can sometimes take a while to get your head around, is when you mix B-roll and a voice over to make you speaking to the camera a bit more interesting. Here's an example. I'm Jon. I became a full-time content creator in just 6 months. And this is my content to cash series episode 3. Did you notice how I opened with B-roll and then a voice over and then I opened my laptop and spoke directly to the camera? That is dynamic editing. That is something that is unexpected and that is something that is going to make your hook better. That video itself performed so well. It got tens of thousands of views. The final hack I want to share with you is about creative text. Now, I did mention this one previously, but it is worth saying again because it is one of the most effective ways to create an effective hook. This is basically when you get creative with your captions. So, it's about taking your autogenerated captions one step further and actually writing out every word that you say so that it appears on the screen as you say it. What this does is encourage your audience to read the words on the screen as they're appearing, which means that they're reading along as you're speaking. It is incredible when it comes to engagement. Like, think about how much more likely you are to soak in what someone's saying if you're reading what they're saying whilst you're hearing them speak those words to you. Like, it's just a different experience. Great for attention, great for engagement. I really recommend that you try it. If you found this video useful, I recommend watching this one. It's all about the five habits that every creator should do every single week if they want to grow their audience on any platform. Do not forget that you can get three whole Storyblocks on their annual plan. Just head to storyblocks.com/jadebon or click the link in my description to make the most of this limited time offer. Thank you so much for watching. As always, I cannot wait to see you in my next video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @JasonJason210 [8 likes]: What I'd like to know is what motion graphics templates you used.
  2. @JadeBeason [5 likes]: Unlock for your FREE 6 month growth plan with this quiz: https://www.thecreatorproject.com/growthplan. I hope you find your results useful!
  3. @CoachArmin [1 likes]: SOLID ! and SIMPLE ! Took notes. My  videos get like 20 views LOL. I hate promoting them as it gets me NPC subs. Grateful for you making this video for us noobs.
  4. @nelsonbolivar7171 [1 likes]: Don't tell lies. You didn't studied 100+ hooks. You just were talking about a couple of your videos posted online. 😂😂😂😅
  5. @Readtheroombaddies: This is game changer. ❤
  6. @priyalmehta_444: What's a B Roll?
  7. @ViktorPetroOv: Super practical breakdown on hooks—this is exactly what most creators ignore. The way you explained grabbing attention in the first few seconds makes a massive difference, especially with how fast people scroll today 👍

honestly this made me realize why some of my older videos tanked… i was warming up instead of starting strong 😅

definitely one of those videos people need to watch before blaming the algorithm
  8. @AURetrocomps: Super practical breakdown on hooks—this is exactly what most creators miss. The way you explained grabbing attention in the first few seconds makes a huge difference, especially for growth. Definitely taking notes from this one 👏
  9. @SheSoulGlidzzz: As always amazing. I finally past the fear of posting myself 😂😂😂. Understanding have a few diff pages. I want to document and post as a female driver. I enjoy shorts…. 
Would anyone recommend staying with 1 right now? 

I have heard shorts are harder to get followers, monetized… 

Watch hours….. how does it work? @jadebeason ❤you have been 🤙🏾💜☀️🧘🏾🔥🎯 beautiful happy day
  10. @PriyaRaniDYT: Started my YouTube journey recently. Sending success and growth to every creator 🤍
  11. @mannishh02: THANK YOU for SHARING this INFORMATIVE VIDEO 💯👏🏻
  12. @xothinkingofyouxo: great vid but i want to point out that’s not where the millennial pause came from. we definitely grew up filming each other. it’s because on instagram it used to cut off the beginning of the video when you started filming so you had to wait a second.
  13. @simply-passive: Thanks for this !
  14. @tappure: I don’t even watch videos. I mainly just listen to YouTube videos
  15. @yoongigirl2.0: Chatgpt recommend this to me ❤😂
  16. @Calafiori24: how long did it take u to get to 208,000 view from just over 4000 using these hook strategies?
  17. @GioriaOkoliko: Do you pay to use story blocks or are they affordable?
  18. @ethnica2622: I know this should work great for those who are speaking at the camera, but what about creators who are not showing themselves? If have a client with account I’m managing and it’s impossible to make her speak or show her face.
  19. @danelelouw: wow. loved this. I would like to know, what app did you use for the text to go behind your head or that big font which I like very much
  20. @ADawg478: 🔥🔥

- I Studied 1,000 Hooks, Here’s How to ACTUALLY Go Viral: Kind: captions Language: en The single most reason why your reels or short-form videos don't perform are bad hooks, and I kid you not, fixing and understanding your hook game will get you views, lots of them. So, recently, thousands of creators applied to get their hooks analyzed by me, and most of them make these simple mistakes that crush retention, make people swipe away before they even know what's up, and as a result of that, make the algorithm hate you. So, today, I'll pick three creators and fix their hooks with some tricks and strategies that have helped my clients gain millions of views, and that you can actually instantly implement yourself as well. All right, so the first issue is probably one of the biggest problems I see with hooks, and it's this. Think of people swiping through their reels feed as being on autopilot, and a lot of creator gurus talk about this, but they never really explain the reason why and how to deal with this. So, when people swipe, they basically have this automated muscle memory at this point to keep swiping until something hits their brain receptors, where the brain goes, hmm, that is interesting. And ideally, I've actually done lots of research on that. A lot of people recently actually swipe, swipe, swipe, and then it takes the brain a little longer to kind of process it, and then they swipe back again, and this seems to be like a big major trigger indicator for the algorithm at this point. And because of all of that, this process happens so fast that you need to carefully construct your hooks to basically hit those triggers as fast and as best as possible to get people from your target audience to basically do that. Stop and think and be like, hmm. So, essentially what you want to do at all times is you want to open loops and don't close them as long as possible, basically keeping them tangling at all times. And when you do close the loop, you want to open another one. This is essentially what we can see clearly here with our first creator, Max. Malgo, Max. Let's just call her Max. So, let's just take a look at this video right here. Things I don't do being lean over 40. So, based on the cover, sounds interesting, but let's take a look first. Okay. So, at this point, we're already past the hook. And here's the thing. People at this point don't care. People don't even know what the context of the video is. And this is how you need to think when especially crafting your hooks. People sit, they swipe on autopilot, and then they see this frame starting with this. And somebody in the kitchen saying, I definitely don't cut out carbs. I'm like, okay, cool. But like, why? And why should you cut out carbs? I don't get the context, right? It's like going to a hardware store and somebody comes up to you and is like, I never pull out. And you're like, huh, what? But he's like, yeah, I mean, the screws obviously halfway through a project. I always finish what I start. You already notice here, there's actually a very fine line from being borderline criminal and getting people's scroll swapping attention, right? And the fix to that whole thing is simply adding context as easy as that. So, the first thing I would do here is slap that context right at the top of the screen. Let's just do this together. So, let's slap on the safe zone. The first thing you can actually see already from the first sort of frame here, not really the actual first frame, but the hook is that this sling right here is actually overlapping with the comment box. You instantly see it's just way too big and honestly, it doesn't look good. So, the first thing I want to do here is literally remove the caption just to show you how much cleaner that is. So, we're just going to hit the generative fill. So, boom, looks pretty, looks pretty good actually. Looks a lot cleaner. Captions usually can be a lot smaller, but let's not even get into that. The second thing is, like I said, adding context to this whole thing. And by adding context, I wouldn't just say like the cover image of this video says, things I don't do being lean over 40. I mean, it's not bad, but I try to create even more of a curiosity gap with this whole thing to basically force people to watch even further. Because suddenly they have this whole open loop in their head and they're like, okay, now I need to watch further. To kind of create that and be able to craft that, you need to understand your target audience in an actual way, right? And in that case, the content of the reel itself, if we watch the whole video, is a gold mine. Because basically she says, I'm lean over 40, but I definitely do eat carbs. And that in and itself challenges a common belief, one of the strongest forms of creating hooks, right? So, remember that. In this case, just to make it a little shorter and a little snappier, I'd say lean at 45 and I eat carbs every day or something like this. So, let's just, you know, I'll just do it here right in front of you so you can see, because, you know, the second part of this whole thing is actually making this look better, but let's get into that. And I eat carbs every day. So, obviously we're not going to make this work. Carbs every day. And if we have here a safe zone, we can already see it needs to be smaller, way smaller than you might think. Also, I'm going to play around with this. I mean, it doesn't look bad. Then you can make it a little bigger. Eat carbs every day. Make this a little there. And you know, one thing you can instantly see right there is that the way this whole shot is framed, and it's actually a big part of why people actually stop scrolling is that it basically overlaps with this part right here. And there's just no way, there's basically clutter. This one is clearly a kitchen. This is a person. This one is safe zone, safe space to put your text, but this is virtually unusable. So, you know, there's almost no way of making this look good. One thing you could do at all times is just slapping some background thing right there. As we can see, it looks a little too big, so make it a little smaller. I eat carbs every day, right? Already not that bad, to be honest, if you ask me. A few things you could play around with, just a few extra lessons right here for you guys, is that now you can play with font, weight, for example, and I eat, you put this a little smaller, like medium, and carbs every day, also like medium, and suddenly it's just way easier for the eye, basically, you know, as you can see right here. So you kind of read this. I actually like it quite a lot, right? But just to kind of make you understand that, yeah, the hook is cool. The spoken hook is cool. It opens up some sort of curiosity gap with what she says and what she has You know, this challenge is a common belief, but all of this is still pretty off. So let's actually try to fix that. And what I'm going to do is I'll pull this picture into Chatubity and actually try to create a nice looking frame to just prove the point for you right here. Create a real screenshot where you put her into the frame. Nice lighting, natural, and a kitchen with a big bowl of unhealthy carbs in the bottom half of the screen. I wrote this because I want to create even more sort of a contrast because, you know, curiosity gaps and stuff like this. Scroll, stopping visual, hook real, aspect ratio, 9 by 16. Let's just see what it will come up with. All right, so awesome. This actually looks very close. Man, this is just insane. So let's just take this one. Just to prove a point, let me just put this right here. It kind of overlaps, so I'm going to flip the colors. A very easy way. Black and white, white on black. It's all the same. You know, if we overlay this, still pretty good. And you can just see basically the difference, right? Of a shot like this and a shot like this. Especially if you have some nasty carbs right there, maybe make them even grazier, more unhealthy. And suddenly people are going to have a reason to stick around and be like, really? What's she doing? How does she do it? I love noodles. Right. Next one, Stefan from Slovakia. His problem is actually getting reached and I can actually instantly see why. So let's go step by step right here. So first of all, the first thing, the first impression that I have is amazing, great pictures, especially these ones. And you can understand what's going on. Carousels are always better than actual pictures, but here's the thing. Even with carousels, you need, you need a hook in some form. In this case, it's really, there's no hook. There's just a picture, you know, and just a different version of the same picture. Now to kind of come back to the elements of every hook needs to contain is first of all, a, you know, like a setup of something that makes people in your target audience actually care and ideally plants some sort of picture in hindsight. And that gives them a reason to stick around because they want that question to be answered at some point, because that's exactly what they're interested in and something that they ideally identify with. So with that being said, the profile that you have also has to sort of pass this. It's exactly what I'm looking for. It's what I, what's interesting for me, sort of test. And that one is totally off here because this is the first part of the profile, by the way, you're from Slovakia and this is Bratislava. I hang out there quite, quite a lot. Actually, most people who find you through reels actually come to this feed. And if you take a look here, that is totally off, right? There's a big mismatch between the photo feed and actually the reels feed. And here there's basically great pics, but no hooks at all. And here's actually bad reels. If you ask me, if we just take a look at this one right here, honestly, pretty bad reels, even though it's kind of funny. Very, very bad reels, to be honest, and bad hooks, right? And that instantly takes away all the credibility that you have. So let's take a look at this one. Who can relate? Let's mute this here, but basically talk about the hook. And then this first frame right here, it looks pretty bland, right? What is the need? Ask yourself, what is the need you fulfill for your target audience with this? What is the question that you want to plant in people's head? Who can relate is not a strong question because I'm like, I don't know what this even is about, so I'm gone, right? So to me, this kind of looks like it's trying to farm views, especially with this twist at the end there, but it's not really serving a purpose, not really talking to your actual target audience, which is, I guess, people who are into your photography, right? And the thing is, especially about photography accounts on Instagram, seeing as this was the first big platform for photographers, things have changed quite a bit, right? It's not just about photos anymore, unfortunately, right? And I can kind of understand the frustration Lots of photographers have, but these days are over because there's just a million photographers and taking pictures is a skill set, but there's just a lot of people out there, right? So what you actually need to focus on with all these things is thinking about the story within the photo, the emotional connection within a photo, right? Making people relate with either the photo or the photographer, ideally, right? Again, why? Because there's a gazillion photographers out there and you're not special. That is until they get to understand your personality or your why, or the emotions behind it, like I said. So again, just this one, take a look at this picture, like just a bunch of pictures. Unfortunately, I don't understand what's going on right Not even a voiceover. So this one looks cool. Let's take a look. I need to mute this. But yeah, pictures, cool pictures, but that's just about it. Now, let me show you an example from a former client of mine who was going through the career mentorship at basically from zero. And he's doing every, all of these things, obviously that I talked about right now, pretty, pretty well. This is Consti. He's in somewhat of a different photography niche, but also a very, very saturated one, the wildlife photography one. Let's just take a look at some of his examples. Obviously, for example, my photos 10 years ago versus now. And it's also basically just showing pictures, but suddenly we have a connection. First of all, we see where we see him in some crazy gear with a crazy camera and some crazy setting. So a story instantly unfolds. And what is the question in my head? First of all, what is he doing? Is he a very professional photographer and what's going to happen? Because now I'm invested 10 years ago. He's been doing this for a while. He's actually looks pretty young still. So, you know, then continues to go, but we'll just talk about the hooks right here. Not bad photos, but some are kind of bad. And then again, my photos now taught a better or not. And that doesn't matter in this case, actually the quality of the photos doesn't matter that much in this case, because people are ideally people are going to fight anyway in the comments. And that would, that's what makes people go viral, but it's basically people getting brought on the journey, right? It's suddenly you're like with him. He shows some emotion as well, smiling somewhere here, you know, for example. And it's such a different frame if you ask me, right? So people are going to be like, like, how can I create photos? Like you, man? Like why did you, how can you travel? Why, where did you learn all of this and stuff like this? And then, you know, people ask you this, obviously it's the whole monetization avenue because you can teach people that. And suddenly your life is just changing directions and ways you've never basically thought about before. So whereas if we go back to Stefan's videos, zero emotional connection, even with the cool, like these ones are amazing. I love these, but even there, right? The connection is just not there because we don't, we don't even get to the point of looking at the videos more closely because we just don't care. Cause there's so many photos out there, right? So to recap here, think about what major pain points your audience actually cares about, and then make that first frame and hook so compelling that people just need to keep watching, Try to figure out whether your hook makes viewers have a question or not. So go back to your hooks and think about what is the question you want people to pop in their head when watching this. And in this case, this is not even about photography. I don't even know what's going on versus right. Something clearly, even one that's not performing. I mean, that's the same kind of example right here, but something totally different. Now I'm anticipating what's the shot and why, why did it get a hundred K look beautiful delivers on the promise right away, actually elevates it. Beautiful. Awesome. All right. Last one is Ella, a morning coffee creator. And she says she struggles with views and a stagnant following. So let's take a look at one video from her. I'm going to put some different music in there because YouTube's going to flag it, but remember this video, by the way, we've kind of pulled her through the hook generator already at some point in one of our recent videos, probably you don't remember because nobody seems to watch this thing, but essentially I have a free hook generator that where you can screenshot this whole thing, pull it in. And here's what the hook generator actually set. It gave this whole thing a hook score of three out of 10 said that I would say this hook sucks. And I actually agree because there's zero curiosity and no emotional trigger in there. Remember very similar to the things we talked about before. And if we look here, first of all, everything looks kind of cluttered. So we don't even know like it's even so, so cluttered here that there's no real focus on this latte and it doesn't kind of stand out. And this just clutters it too much. Plus the text overlays with all the other things, as well as honestly, this even makes me more confused here just because it's all like a mash of a lot of things coming together based off of all the principles that we talked about before, planning a picture, planning a question, actually, and making a first frame decluttered and, um, actually opening some sort of curiosity loop, curiosity gap. Here's what I would do right here. And for this case, let's go back to her old friend, Chachabitty, because I don't want to go downstairs and create a coffee. I can't do that. Obviously. Otherwise I would have a coffee account. Let's just pull this in there. And I say, create me an aesthetic Instagram, real first frame shot of a vanilla blueberry ice latte and a glass. I give some context, blah, blah, blah. It doesn't matter, but let's see what it comes up with. Here's what it came up with. Looks pretty good. Actually, honestly, it looks pretty, pretty good, man. It looks so real, but let's just pull this in to Photoshop and let's just compare the two examples right there. As you can see right here, it's a total difference. It's like night and day. And honestly, you might be like, this is way harder to create. I need like cameras and stuff like this. You actually don't. With your phone, if your phone is less than, let's say four years old, you can recreate this shot basically without having any extra equipment apart from maybe a light. But then again, if you have a window in your kitchen, easy to do, right? Just notice that here, like all the shadows coming together and the wall, no depth in the image and stuff like this. Total difference, right? Now, with that being said, this looks actually pretty cool. Looks actually a little similar here as well. One thing I can see is that this blueberry thing, don't ask me if it really looks like this. But let's just say. The first thing I would add here is a visual hook, a text hook. Sorry, text hook. This in and of itself is a visual hook already. We don't want to give away like she does here, vanilla blueberry iced latte. Because maybe people in her target audience might be like, okay, this is something weird. But I would see this, I'd be like, it's nothing weird. I just don't feel like it right now. I'm going to swipe away. Whereas you want people even like me who are remotely interested in interesting coffees to think, oh, that is interesting. I wonder what that is. I wonder how it tastes, right? Thinking about the question. So the first thing I would do is basically open the curiosity gap here and say something like this coffee should not taste good, for example. Not, and then, you know, same old spiel. We're just going to create some background overlay that Instagram is going to do anyway for you. Let's make it white, for example. Should not taste good. Instantly better. One thing from before, instead of playing around with the font weight, we can play around with the color picker. Notice how if I use red, it instantly looks a little off and cheapish. It still looks cool, but honestly, honestly, see, in this case to make things cool, just play around with it, but not, I mean, why not? Let's just use the red one. Why not? Put a bunch of dots here just to open it more. There you go. Look at this. But now my friends, we're getting even deeper because that in itself is already a strong hook, way better to this. Let's open the loops even more. Cause if you look, this coffee should not taste good. Cool. Opens a loop, but instantly we kind of see, okay, has something to do with blueberries. So I'm like, I already kind of get half the answer. So I solved it myself. So there's no need for me to keep watching. So here's what I would actually do. Sneaky little trick that I would do here to make this even crazier. First of all, take the blueberries, blur them. Maybe blur them even more just so people kind of get a sense of what's going on. And then what I want is something like Honestly, I think yellow is better, but again, a lot of the times I would actually recommend you to do it with any, with Photoshop or with whatever you have until you kind of get a feel for what looks good and how to kind of edit elements in there. You just play around with it and you can see this one is actually, see, I would have never thought about this color. I'd be like yellow, red, but like just doing that with the whole composition here. Now I lost that. This looks actually pretty, pretty cool. Now let's do some outer glow because I'm a nerd. And suddenly you have a first frame where you're like, what is this? And then you basically show what to do and don't give away this thing until all the way at the end. But this is all part of another video, but you could just see night and day difference. So if you want to get your accounts and content reviewed for free, link is in the description. And if you implement these things and you're still stuck, obviously it's because your whole content strategy is off and the rest of your video is off. So watch this video next and I'll walk you through a process that will make you go grow better than ever before.

  Top Comments:
  1. @heyDominik [1 likes]: ⭐ Work with me 1:1: https://creatormentorship.com?video=Xqy9L-88wcw 
🪝 Analyze Your Hooks (Free AI Bot): https://heydominik.com/hookbot?video=Xqy9L-88wcw
  2. @vitaminb4869: You're mixing up all types of creators into a single cookie cutter pattern of hook-shmook and release dogma. Photography is a different category, where the audience is there for the visual aspect of it, not some flashy IG reel crap. Most of the audience are photographers themselves, they couldn't care less about the IG/tiktok brain rot reels.
  3. @heyyitsevan: bro really explained it so well without sounding boring once 😭🔥
  4. @financesimplied2004: 🎉🎉
  5. @Shortshorts10000: its all about the hook!
  6. @Studio81000: I will go viral real soon!
  7. @Crescitaly_com: Hooks are underrated because they are not just attention tricks. A good hook qualifies the viewer before the algorithm does: it tells the right person this is for them and gives them a reason to keep watching. That first decision shapes the whole performance curve.
  8. @ROSTHA_HOUSE: "I don't pull out" lol. That drove the point home.  Keep making videos like this please.
  9. @kreean-x1i: i love this video! you teach so well!!!!
  10. @1XEV: Thank you for this information! I struggle with YouTube since I'm trying to keep it professional as a business portfolio almost. Are there ways to have hooks in real estate or business ads without text?
  11. @For.MomAndDad: what photoshop software is he using? does anyone know?
  12. @LTP5: “There are so many photos out there” I agree for the standard photos that almost look robotic and sterile. But when you’re a photographer that fits in a niche, that gap closes. When you’re really good (not at editing, but the eye and being able to extract emotion), that gap closes even more. Other than that, I agree.
  13. @AnarLidht: Think you 👍🏽
  14. @ANAGBATALILIAN: I loved everything you just taught. I'm a social media manager working for a clothing brand and I'm still figuring out how what you've said can be helpful for me. I'm really working on growth and sales
  15. @its_amanj: this video basically explains why some creators blow up overnight while others stay invisible for years 😭
  16. @PetPOVclips: "I never pull out" took me out lmao
  17. @tuanlecgu: A lot of creators focus only on traffic, but combining strategies like this with promotion tools such as IPweb can really help test what actually works faster. Great insights throughout the video.
  18. @sjscwwMutcmtsb8827: The first one is the one I have in yeu is the best one 1️⃣ and I think it’s
  19. @VoicesofTania: Why are we putting people's images into generative AI?
  20. @Alsielle: Really good video, thank you! 👍🏻

- How to Create Irresistible Hooks (and blow up your content): Kind: captions Language: en today we're talking about hooks if you want your videos to perform better you have to make better hooks but here's the thing I'm not going to give you a list of 25 proven viral hooks cuz that's not what you need what you need is to understand the psychology behind why those hooks worked and then the tactics for how to use that psychology in your own stuff so these are going to be the six best ways to improve your hooks immediately and if you do all of these I guarantee your videos will perform better I know this works cuz content is all I do I have almost a million followers billions of views and these are the secrets for how I go viral whenever I want all right tip number one is actually the mega tip it's my full three-step hook formula and this is how I look at social media you are driving down the highway at 70 mph I need you to see something stop turn around and come back the other way so how do I get you to do that the way I do that is by building a curiosity Loop and this is one of the base Commandments in storytelling if you want to tell a great story you need the viewer to watch the first line and feel so compelled that they can't dream of doing anything else then watching the second line and the third line and so on the domino effect this is the Curiosity Loop and the deeper the loop the more Curious you are The more I've hooked you so the question is how do I do that in just three or four sentences and the answer is that I built a formula that does this every single time it's three steps the first step is what I call the context lean in the first line or two I need to do two things one I need to be super clear about what the video is actually about topic Clarity and this is so you as the viewer can self- select in in or out based on your interest if I'm talking about investing and you don't care about investing I actually don't want to trick you into watching the video because you're not my target viewer but if you do care about investing I want to Signal this to you as soon as possible so I need to give you immediate context about the topic the second thing I need to do is get you leaning in context lean the more you lean in the more Curious you are these are the easiest ways to get somebody to lean in establish Common Ground reference a benefit or pain point they may have use a metaphor to simplify a complex idea or tell them something so interesting it blows their mind you need them to be connected and feel like what you're talking about relates to them in some way let's go through an example one of my videos this is the sphere video I made that got 8 million views I want you to just watch the first two lines the tech in the Vegas sphere is insane biggest screen ever built 20 times bigger than an IMAX right away I'm telling you exactly what the context of the video is the sphere and the tech inside and I'm getting you to lean in by talking about the SC screen showing it and referencing to how much bigger it is than an IMAX something you may have known now this is taking the show you something interesting to blow your mind route of the options and of course not everyone is going to be interested in this video but if you heard about the sphere or care about tech in venues you're going to be leaning in okay so that's step one now step two is what I call the scroll stop interjection this is a single line meant to act like a stun gun I need you to start leaning in and then immediately I need you to stop being able to move forward like you ran into a window and the best way to do this in practice is is by using a contrasting word I like to use the word but but you could use things like however yet although therefore on the other hand things like that and this is more just meant to be a setup line for the haym maker that's coming in step three but in order for them to accept the hay maker you need to stun them first now back in the sphere example let's watch both the context lean and the scroll stop interjection together the tech in the Vegas sphere is insane bigger than an IMAX but get this the screen is actually the least impressive part of the whole thing so at this point I've kind of stunned you right I first established context and got you leaning in about how interesting the sphere is talking about the TCH and the screen but then I stunned you and told you the screen is actually not impressive at all at this point you're like what could possibly be coming next I the screen looks huge I can see it in the visuals and this is the Curiosity Loop that is building you wondering what is coming next is replacing any thought that could be distracting you and send you anywhere else all right time for step three this is the haym maker I call it the contrarian Snapback now the contrarian Snapback is a sentence that goes in the opposite direction of the initial lean it's still on topic but it snaps the viewer back on a different path and the bigger the shock the bigger the snap the better the effect so let's finish the sphar example now with all three parts part of the whole thing because the most impressive part is the audio this is going to blow your mind at this point I've got you hookline and sinker I established context immediately I got you leaning in the case that you were interested in something about the screen or something new you hadn't seen before then I stunned you and played the Uno reverse card snapping you back in a different direction instead of talking about the screen now I'm talking about the audio that is the Snapback at this point you are fully hooked and fully curious about what comes next you can't dream of doing anything else other than learning how this audio is more impressive than the biggest screen ever built that's hookline and sinker now it turns out if you go back and you analyze best performing content from any Creator across any medium a lot of it follows this exact same formula and it doesn't just have to be the big new style entertainment Style video type content if I'm making content as a real estate agent and I'm purely looking to drive leads to my real estate practice pure B2B I could say something like this there are three massive mistakes people are making with their mortgage the average person pays an extra $122,000 per year now most people think it's because of high interest rates but it turns out it has nothing to do with that because the biggest waste of money is actually coming from see what I did there now I don't know anything about real estate I don't know what the right answer to that is but just that hook setup even without me knowing any context I can get you leaning one way and then the other and if you're a real estate agent and you make content in that format I guarantee that would drive so many leads it would build you as Authority in your category that's what you want to do that hook format works every category every space and if you don't believe it works I'm going to do a magic trick because I use the same psychology formula on you for the hook in this video and if you're still watching that proves it worked let me show you exactly what I did so I started off by saying this today we're talking about hooks if you want your videos to perform better you have to make better hooks so right away this was me giving context on exactly what the video is about hooks but also creating common ground and getting you to lean in around the benefit of making better videos If you figure out how to make better hooks this started building the Curiosity Loop in your mind now if you watch just those two sentences and you don't really care about making videos or making content then that didn't really apply to you and you've probably bounced anyway but if you're at this point right now I guarantee it's because you're trying to figure out how to make videos to perform better so this built common ground with you which is my target viewer okay so that's step one so context about the video and I got you leaning in so now what's next the next thing I said was this but here's the thing I'm not going to give you a list of 25 proven viral hooks cuz that's not what you need this is the scroll stop interjection the stop sign the red light the stun gun and this stops you in your tracks because I'm reiterating what you've ially heard in the past typically you see creators talk about the list of the 40 best proven Hooks and then they give you the list but you know this isn't the answer I know that's not the answer so I'm using that embedded belief in your head that you know it's not the answer to stun you into waiting to see what comes next this is just the setup line to give the contrarian Snapback but it works especially well here because you and I both know that conventional wisdom doesn't work and so I'm playing on that embedded subconscious belief okay so so far you've stopped the car and you've exited off the highway now how do I get you to turn around that is step three so what did I do next this is the last thing I said what you need is to own stuff and this is the contrarian Snapback because most people have heard the word psychology whether you study psychology or not you've heard the word psychology and you have a suspicion as I delivered it that that actually would result in some surprise or secret information that's way deeper than the conventional wisdom you hear that and you believe that to be true so I've snapped you back off the conventional wisdom back to this psychology frame which is what I'm talking about so when I say hey if you want to achieve X don't do y do Z and if you want to achieve X you're going to listen it works every time the key though is that you need Z to actually be compelling which in this case I think it is this is actually the formula I use and I know it's proven to work if you just do this game but then you don't actually have anything at the end of the rainbow people would just churn and you're a fraud so this formula Works in all types of videos it's not just short form long form and it works everywhere else anytime of content in conversation in life this is BAS psychology 101 context lean scroll stop interjection contrarian Snapback now implementing this in every different video and every different use case that's what takes reps in practice that is not easy and because it's so hard I'm actually building a software that's going to do all this for you automatically not just the hooks but the entire script you'll just put in the topic and I will take all the content Frameworks and psychology baselines that I understand and we'll just write the script and the hook for you to make the video compelling 60 Minutes of script writing work distill down into 60 seconds that's what we're going for it's called sand castles now we haven't launched it yet it's coming soon the beta is going to drop soon we have a massive weight list make sure you're on that weight list because we're going to have a launch price that's going to be lower than we ever offer and anyone on that weight list is going to get it so sand castle. we're going to help with all this automated script writing and hooking all right so now that we walk through the base psychology and the formula which is really important to cover up first let me go through some extra things that will really help you sauce up your hooks on top of that Foundation cuz I promised six and that formula was technically one so here's the other five all right the second thing is visual hooks I say this a lot but visual hooks are so so so critical in the video I cannot overstate the importance visual hooks are probably 100 times more powerful than just spoken word Hooks and it's because people read faster than they can hear or that they can visually comprehend a full video scene I've said this on many other videos but if you just put title text your videos will do so much better so Step One is put three to five words on the screen in a big bold font that helps build that context lean if you can speak it in one to two sentences can you write three to five words and distill that message down a good example of this is in my video about life siiz floor plans this video got like 15 million views check this out these are called life-size floor plans I use the text future of Home Design and life-sized floor plans with arrows to quickly establish the context and I used future of Home Designs instead of Life-Size floor plans at the beginning because lify floor plans is kind of the name of the thing and I didn't want to risk misunderstanding that is how critical and in detail I get get with these visual hooks that's how important they are now the second piece of the visual Hook is the visual itself you want the most compelling visual possible with enough motion to hold their attention it's like when a deer sees something out of the corner of their eye in their Woods they're going to stop and they're going to look and they're going to see it you want that same effect with your visual too much motion and you're going to overwhelm them and it'll miss the context too little motion and you're going to bore them and they may churn you need just enough motion sometimes this motion could be a girl in a get ready with me putting their hair up kind of leaning forward and leaning back that sometimes is just enough motion to stun the viewer into holding and watching for more this famous Colin and Samir video about the Rayband metas this has 60 million views the reason this went so viral in my opinion is because the initial clip has the perfect amount of Rapid motion and then him in the mirror that motion holds and allows them to talk about the point which eventually convinces them that the ray band metas are cool so motion is so critical in the visual hook the combo of text on screen plus the motion in the video plus the spoken word that combo is way more power F than just a spoken word now the third and fourth tips are about helping you build that common ground that I talked about in the context lean the third piece is also based psychology it's that people like hearing things that they're already interested in but they're open to hearing New Perspectives on it if they think that New Perspective will unlock a benefit or solve a pain point that they have in the category so if you make a video about magnesium as a supplement an average way to write that hook would be something like you should be taking magnesium because it's one of 21 core building block minerals it's kind of decent but it requires a previous understanding about magnesium and doesn't really talk about a benefit or pain point a better context lean here would be something like if you want better sleep you need to be taking magnesium this leads with the benefit of talking about better sleep and then introduces magnesium as a potential solve even if someone is against supplements or against magnesium they will likely wait and hear you out because their desire to solve the pain of not sleeping well is so strong when you're riding hooks you always want to think about what the benefit fit or paino solve is to the Target viewer and then work that in if you can all right now the fourth piece to building the common ground is cult hopping and I've talked about this before when people hear something that they've heard before it unlocks a comfort in their subconscious and the opposite is true it sounds weird but if you hear a bunch of stuff You' never heard before you start to feel dumb and you don't like that feeling so you bounce away this is why if you tried to listen to an advanced physics lecture and you've never taken a physics class you would likely feel super dumb and not want to listen to it so when you're making videos about com complex or Niche topics you need to find a way to wrap the unknown idea in something that is known some common layer and one way to do this is what I call cult hopping this is taking a known brand or a celebrity or a movement or some cultural reference and using it as a metaphor or a comparison around your point for example if you make videos about complex tax planning maybe you talk about how Taylor Swift's financial advisor would plan her estate around the arist Tor earnings she just made or maybe you just reference her in a group of celebrities when you talk about the elite level of wealth that you serve using these references is a really easy way to establish that common ground and it's subconscious but it creates comfort for the viewer and you don't need to make your full piece of content around that celebrity or brand but this will help you draft off The credibility and the popularity of something that already exists when you're still smaller and growing all right tip number five is to compress speed to value and this is a say I use a lot especially when I'm talking about short form video when you make a piece of content you should feel like you have a timer Counting down in your head before that content explodes and no one pays attention to it for short form that timer is about 4 seconds for YouTube videos that timer is maybe 1 to 2 minutes so you need to find a way to compress the time to demonstrate initial value to before that explosion line and that applies to both educational and entertainment content the best way to do this is to give a little hit of value right at the front either in the hook or right after the hook because you don't want to bury your best stuff think of it like this anything you make after they click off might as well be a black screen cuz they're not going to see it you should frontload the value as much as possible you're not going for full completion your super fans will watch the full video you want to frontload the value as much as possible to eek out an extra 30 seconds at a time now I find that as long as that first hit of value is unique and helpful they will typically stay around long enough to give you a chance to show your second hit of value that same logic that we apply with a curiosity Loop should apply to this value Loop give context immediate value give context immediate value frontload that as much as possible ideally you can inject that first hit of value within the hook that's when you're really masterful but if you can't do it in the hook do it right after the hook to keep them all right now the sixth super tactical tip is to make your hook sentences staccato and if you don't know what staccato means staccato is a type of note in music that is short T that's staccato now I talked about in my storytelling video which I'll link at the end of this how it's good to vary the length of your sentences to create a diverse Rhythm and that is true for the whole video but for the hook up front you want to compress short sentences as much as you can and the reason why you do this is because shorter sentences force you to achieve Max Clarity it increases the density of value per word at the beginning and when time is at a premium at the beginning of the video you want to increase density value per word as much as you can go shorter initially and then expand to medium and longer as the video extends all right as you can tell a lot of this is just getting the Reps in and continuing to iterate and learn how to do this make this subconscious there are dozens of other tips that I didn't have time for in this video that I also try to infuse as well it's all about the Reps now this takes time I've spent thousands of hours doing this myself what you really need are reps and then guidance from somebody who has more reps than you and this is the type of thing that I help people with in short form Academy right now the academy is closed but make sure if this is the thing you need help with and you're interested in be on the wait list short form. Academy we'll let you know first when we reopen and also guys check out all the free resources that I have in the description I'm not lying when I say this I put almost all of my best stuff out for free it's all in the description you just have to click subscribe and I will send the stuff to you so make sure to check that out if you're you're struggling make sure you're on the wait list for sand castles and we'll see you guys on the next video peace

  Top Comments:
  1. @kallawaymarketing [39 likes]: Get my free guide on how to make viral videos (1M+ followers, 1B+ views): https://viralityblueprint.com
Try my AI scriptwriting tool (idea to script in 60 seconds): https://sandcastles.ai
  2. @ghoulstuffs [1 likes]: This is the best video on hooks on YouTube 🔥
  3. @VfxBlender: sand castle says 5 dollar risk free but your description says try free. Kinda of misleading
  4. @1chinthu: Hi https://www.youtube.com/@FLOWJOY2i2
  5. @وكفى_بالله_وكيلاً_8: نريد دبلجة الفيديو الى اللغة العربية
  6. @loronlavoie5890: If your content is compelling and it fulfills you, you wont have to do fuckk all to promote it. iMo
  7. @josephthomas2226: Also brilliant that you create scarcity. When you say that your class is closed knowing that you want to have more people and makes people want it more.
  8. @kevinloganjr2280: Had me till he said that dumbass software that will make you sound slime everyone else. 

And GONE!
  9. @jawadbadaoui4258: But how does that work for a vlogging hook
  10. @healingheartnetwork2237: Great video thank you!!!
  11. @brieflyobsessed: Interested in that software!
  12. @Kumarkivani: bc I often skip the into part... to see the main content
  13. @Jeenconcepts: I recommend movies and struggle with hooks. I need help!
  14. @eyeprops5422: Insurance salespeople are the new You Tubers.
  15. @UniversumMensch: Very good! THX 😁
  16. @KorayJackMariaJungmin: Crisp, smart way of explaining, necessary and sufficient information. That was helpful. Thank you.
  17. @Liokeedit: Give me notes of this video
  18. @build-by-vansh: Bro please add hindi audio.
  19. @AaashishKaushik: which tool you use for video editing ?
  20. @antoniaosborne4972: Can you do a video on visual hooks and ideas?

- Video Hooks That Instantly Stop The Scroll!: Kind: captions Language: en the best video creators use a very sneaky tactic to hook you in their videos and get you to want to keep watching them because they know that 80 to 90% of the entire video performance is based on the hook 65% of the people who watch the first 3 seconds of your video will watch it for at least 10 more seconds in another 45% will watch it for an additional 20 seconds and if they're still watching by that point you've got them not only am I going to give you this sneaky little tactic that these video creators use to real audiences in I'm going to give you 11 of my absolute best hooks I've used these in hundreds of videos they're proven across any industry area of expertise or Niche let's get into it so a lot of creators will tell you that yes you need a hook at the beginning of your video you need something that's going to reel your audience in and grab their attention and they're not wrong with that I say that too but the issue is you got to understand the human psychology that's happening behind one of these hooks which is something they call the Curiosity Gap and let's define it the Curiosity Gap is simply the gap between the information we've been been given or shown and what is being withheld so basically I told you a little bit of something but you know there's more information or knowledge or insights or story that has been withheld from you so you're now extremely curious as to what lies in this Gap and that's why they call it the Curiosity G get it okay and whether you know it or not you've seen this play out in headlines on books TV shows movies social media videos it's literally everywhere you look in fact I just did it to you at the beginning of this video let's rewind the best video creators use a very sneaky tactic to hook you in their watching them so what I did there is I created that Curiosity Gap I gave you some of the information which is that there's this sneaky little tactic that can help you hook your audience in and get them to want to keep watching your video so you're at Point a now where you don't know what that is and you want to get the point C which is understanding what this sneaky little tactic is but everything in between is what you don't know it's the missing information that you don't have yet which makes you curious to want to know what it is now in this example it's a tactic that I'm going to be sharing with you but it definitely could be a story it could be a strategy it could be a bold opinion or statement it could be debunking miss it could be a lot of different things and that's what we're going to get into now is the 11 proven examples that I want you to steal from me that I use all the time now if you just pause the video for a second you could say hey well didn't you just fill the Curiosity Gap you just told me what it was but what I actually did is I created two curiosity gaps one is what is that hook what is the thing that reels the audience in we now know that that's the Curiosity Gap but two I created a secondary curiosity Gap by saying that I've got 11 proven hooks or examples of this that you can take in use are we an Inception or something what's going here are the 11 proven examples of hooks or ways to use the Curiosity Gap coming in at number 11 I call this the value teas or the intro to a problem and a solution so I could say something like you know how you're on LinkedIn you're putting out content but it's not converting to clients I know why and I'm going to show you how to fix this right now a problem and then a promise to deliver on a solution number 10 the why not hook here's why you're not getting more engagement on your Tik Tok videos this is why they're stuck at 150 and 200 views for every single video I'm basically going to start talking about why someone's not getting what they want number nine the proposition hook so basically what I'm doing here is I'm pinning two things against each other should you be focused on quality content or quantity number eight the mystery or the secret which is exactly what I used in this video in the beginning I said there's a sneaky little tactic that the best creators use that you don't know about almost making it sound like it's a secret like I'm about to unlock something for you as a consumer we love that stuff because we want to feel like we know stuff that other people don't know and you could also lead with here's the secret to how you do X Y and Z number seven a customer success story now there's a lot of ways to mess this one up if you start with some boring hook or try to create the Curiosity Gap around I worked with John and uh and John was a partner with us for the last couple years and we really had a lot of great success together no one cares you didn't create any curiosity there but what if I started off saying saying something like here's how you win sixf figureure deals on LinkedIn by only spending 25 minutes a day on the platform and then I got into the customer success store you see how that hook has more of a punch more of a curiosity Gap I'm thinking okay I I see the result now I got some information but the information that's been withheld is how and why did it work so well and what did they do and please subscribe to the channel if you're not already subscribed Jesus come on number six is a personal Journey story I'm seeing these work incredibly well on LinkedIn but they also work great on Tik Tok Instagram reals really just about anywhere so you're going to share a story about yourself and the journey that you went through and it could be from a Rags to Riches type of thing or when you first started posting content to now or when you first started your business to then or when you didn't know how to solve this problem to when you did solve it it brings some authenticity to your content some realness typically you have an opportunity to be a little bit vulnerable and then it ties right back into your business and your objectives so they convert really well just remember you're trying to create that Curiosity Gap in the beginning so I need to jump out and say something that would make somebody want to get the other information that's been withheld so if I say my first 10 post on LinkedIn got zero likes and zero comments and now I've got over 30,000 followers and I win clients every single week here here's the transformation I went through that transformation is now the Gap number five debunk a myth just think about the top myth Mist that's a hard one to say cuz the myths myth Miss just think about the things in your industry that people think are true that are really not and just debunk them and you can come out and just say like X Y and Z is a lie like most people think that you can't win clients your first two months on LinkedIn and that's just complete BS let me tell tell you why number four here's how you without so what we're going to do here is we're going to plug in a desired result or outcome that they want so here's how you win clients through your video content without having to spend an hour a day creating videos people love that because we're giving them the desired result they want but we're making it very simplistic and almost easy to get it now you got to be careful with video hooks because you don't want them to be clickbait basically you're making a promise in your hook but you're doing it in an intriguing way you're creating that Gap in curiosity so people want to find out ooh what is it what happens at the end of the story how did they achieve achieve that result how do they do X Y and Z so if you hook them in and you think you're being sneaky and you got some disruptive hook and then the actual message or the content doesn't deliver on that or you misled them not only is your engagement going to tank but you're going to lose followers subscribers and people are going to not trust you anymore so yes have a Punchy hook create the Curiosity but then you better deliver on that number three show don't tell so instead of me talking about here's what you need to create video content you need this piece of equipment you might want to get this you might want to frame it up like this I'm just going to show people so I'm going to film myself doing these different things and then I'm going to narrate over top of it like I'm telling a story but it's of myself doing something so it could be something like here's the behind the scenes on how I make all my video content using only my smartphone and then I'll literally show myself setting up my tripod putting my smartphone in there adding the mic it's real Punchy it moves to different scenes very fast to keep the audience engaged but that really reels people in because again it's not just what I'm saying now I'm actually showing them number two share a bold opinion or an unpopular belief now this is where you got to go strong but it's also got to be true to who you are and what you actually believe again you don't want want to just say things just to ruffle feathers but take a stance and in your content as part of the strategy you should be figuring out what is our unique point of view what is our unique perspective and take a stance on that if there's a strategy or a tactic or a thing that people are doing maybe it's old technology whatever it is and you come out and say a lot of people think you should be doing that I don't think it works or I think doing X Y and Z is a complete waste of time here's what I do instead the reason it works so well as a hook and creating the curiosity is because it goes against what they thought was true so there's an instant disruption there where they're like wait a second I thought that was the case I thought you should be using this or doing that where are they going with this they want to know that gap of information and finally number one and what I think actually is number one on the top of my list is the edutainment skit video typically there's two characters it definitely could be more than two characters and right away you are pulling the audience in to an actual story with characters now there's a ton of different ways to do this you can do personification you can do a real life scenario between two people en roles that maybe you would sell to you bring some humor in this you have some back and forth again quick scene change in the beginning in some cases you might want a title for the video to provide Clarity on what the actual story is these work so well because what you can do is combine a really educational valuable message into a skit that has humor that makes people think that makes people smile laugh and when you can combine all those you are reeling an audience in and if you're curious what these look like I've done a ton of them on Tik Tok and Linkedin and I also created an entire video on how to make edutainment content so if that's something of interest to you definitely go check that video out always remember that hooks and creating that curious iOS it Gap their visual it's what you show people their audio it's what people hear and they emotional it's how you make people feel all right you know what time it is now time to move to Q&A first question can you share tips on maintaining audience interest after the initial hook in your video yes and we sort of talked about this the biggest thing you can do after you deliver that hook and reel them in is to deliver on your promise that you made in your hook the moment you start veering off and talking about something else and from not really getting to the point or even worse you never deliver on that promise from the hook in the first place you're going to lose people but don't be afraid to embed multiple hooks embed multiple curiosity gaps like I did in this video next question how do I measure the success of the Curiosity Gap in my videos on Tik Tok and YouTube you can see those retention rates so you can see where people drop off so that gives you an indication of okay where did I start to lose people where was that rapid Decline and that's typically where you lost that interest next question are there any specific tools or software that can help with creating effective video hooks yes and check this out so I recently went on chat GPT and I first asked it I said hey do you understand what the Curiosity Gap is that was basically the framework I was going to use for what I'm about to instruct it to do next and it said yes I know what the Curiosity Gap it explained it to me I was like perfect so then what I did is I said hey I'm making a video about how to use LinkedIn to win clients can you create a curiosity Gap intro for the beginning of my video that reels my audience in and captures their attention and here's what it gave me back ever wondered how some professionals are effortlessly winning high-paying clients on LinkedIn while While others struggle to even get noticed in this video I'm about to show you the secret strategy that's changing the game and trust me it's not what you think so it did a pretty good job not go in there and tweak a few things but it did technically create that Curiosity gap between hey there's people winning highp paying clients on LinkedIn and then there's people struggling to get noticed I have the Gap in knowledge that you need or the Gap in skill set or strategies or tactics that you need to make that happen to get to a point where you're winning high paying clients on LinkedIn that's the Curiosity Gap so leverage chat PT some of these AI based tools to help you create better video hooks better curiosity gaps and even if it doesn't provide the exact thing that you need often times it will give you ideas that you can take and use and as always thank you so much for watching and if you have any questions at all drop them in the comments and I'll dive in there and answer them we'll see you next time

  Top Comments:
  1. @colin-nekritz [4 likes]: Okay, I’m not usually into people too smooth for YouTube throwing out straight facts where I’m sus it’s fluff but damn dude, you’re not only ridiculously top-tier you’re funny AF while being an A-game editor and bring the personality. Mad impressed and yes, I smashed the like and subscribe button. Keep it up, you’re an original in a sea of copies.
  2. @gpweston7: So I am based in the UK, trying to build my brand and independent estate agency by sharing tips, tricks, and insider industry knowledge in local Facebook groups. the content is rather dry, in 90 seconds how do i make it engaging? Being British, I am not a natural in front of the camera, so edutainment is not my preferred option.
  3. @dimitriosfrydas1474: Do you use teleprompter?
Great content! Thanks for the hooks!
  4. @SiteswithNatalie: Thank you for sharing! Great video editing BTW.
  5. @gsgcarreviews: Lol who else skipped the intro?
  6. @KingBlvckMusik: Tremendous video. My concern is that these contents relate mostly to YouTube video hooks where the audience benefits from knowledge sharing. I am more interested in creating hooks for promoting my music videos. Could you share some insights?
  7. @itsybitsy8385: What exactly then is a clickbait? like how do I know if my hook is getting a little clickbaity?? (man, your content is sooooo FUN TO WATCH !! damn, your edutaintment game is a banger fr)
  8. @lukebeyondstudio: Brilliant video Alex!

Great hooks, bro!
And the editing - world class as always!

Thanks man!
  9. @Abdurdoart: Hey man I am a professional thumbnail designer.
How Can I content with you??
  10. @wisdomwithJ: All about that hook boyeeeee
  11. @FlyBoyDrummer: Awesome content Alex, as always. If you make one with yourself as two characters, what is a key component to making them play well together? Differing personalities? Different clothes styles?  ... that sort of thing.
  12. @jayveniard: Man this was packed with useful tips that I'll start implementing immediately...thanks.
  13. @LouieBernstein: Great information, Alex.

- We Gave A Teen A College Makeover: Kind: captions Language: en - I've actually never gone shopping before. - Are you being serious? - Today, we're gonna be giving you a whole new haircut. - Revamping your social media. - Shopping for some new looks for you. - Alright, Andrew. Get ready, and come on out! (gasping) Hey, guys. I'm Chloe, and I'm a producer on As/Is. The summer before college is a time lots of teens use to reinvent their style. We wanted to help someone with that transition, so we found Andrew. - My name's Andrew, and I'm gonna be joining UCLA in the fall. When I was in high school, I did a lot of theater, I was ASB Vice President, I did Model United Nations, Mock Trial, debate. - Aw, he's such a little nerd. - I spent a lot of my time studying and not a lot of time making friends. It was hard for me to make friends anyways because I didn't fit that classic masculine stereotype. I didn't do any sports, I didn't follow any sports. Growing up, I spent a lot of time under the guidance of my parents. So, I was always trying to be perfect straight A student, but I got into high school, I found another side of me, which was this clown or a jokester that always had a joke ready to make people feel better. - Sounds like he really was trying to fit in, which is really tough. - I think that a makeover would be a great opportunity to find my style, really figure out my identity, and figure out who I'm gonna be for the rest of my life. - Aw, you don't have to plan out the rest of your life, but we can help you with this transition. Andrew seems like such a sweetheart, and I think I have the perfect people to help him. Let's go pick him up. Hey! - Hi. - That is a very yellow shirt, sit. - Thank you, I aim to impress. - Yeah, you're doing that. Alright, seat belt on. So, why did you reply to our casting call? - I'm going to be going to UCLA. In high school, I spent a lot of my time living other people, how they wanted me to live. I kinda wanna figure out who I am, especially since I'm in college, my parents' influence isn't going to be as strenuous. - So, you're just sort of understanding that you don't have to be like 1,000 different things for different people. - Right. - So, how would you describe your current style? - It's like a... It's a mixture of tourist t-shirts, cargo shorts, and then long white socks. - Where do you get your clothes now? - From the hand of my mom. (laughing) Yeah, I know. - So, what would you want your eventual style to say about you? - Sleek and something with a lot of personality. - Alright, we can totally do that. - Awesome. - So, we're on our way to H&M to meet Jazz, and she's gonna take you shopping for a new style. - Oh, I'm excited. - Yeah, me too! - Hey. - How are you? - I'm doing very good. - So glad to meet you. When you go shopping, where do you normally get your clothes? - I'm being dead serious. - Wow, this is so cute. - Yeah, so... - What do you want out of this? - I'm looking to find my style, like find my colors and stuff like that, and some shorts would be really nice. - Alright, let's get goin'. I'm not saying these are definites. We're gonna try 'em. The things is is you don't know your style until you try things, right? So, I can tell you a whole bunch of things that I don't like on myself and it's because I've tried them. I like these a lot. It's really light, good for the summer. How do you feel about the color red? - I wear a lot of red with souvenir shirts, so I might as well try it. - Where do you get these shirts? Go ahead and take that. - Okay. Stripes are slimming, right? - Yeah, yeah, yeah, well, not these, but who gives a (bleep)? We're gonna try these pants even though we're looking for a lot of shorts. You said you didn't have any joggers, and joggers are super lightweight and very comfortable. You have a great jacket. Honestly, no one's gonna know. We've got a lot of options here for you. Some you might hate, that's fine. We're hopefully gonna find you something you love. Alrighty, first outfit come out. Oh, okay. - I like the pairing of the red and the white. The jean shorts are gonna take some getting used to. - [Both] For sure. - Joggers are definitely comfortable. - Do you like them? - Yeah! - Alright, so I think we found the outfit. I have one more little surprise for you. These first ones, just a little bit more modern, but still kind of old school, in between. I think these are good for you, but I think they're a little thick. These next pair are a little bit more hip. Oh, these are trendy, they're smaller on you. These last frames are the hipster of all hipster frames. I don't know, the last two are my favorite. I think we had a lot of fun and you got to try out some new things. - Being able to actually pick out my own clothes and stuff like that, it's pretty nice. - Oh my gosh, and I'm not gonna see you 'til your big reveal, so good luck. - So, now we're on the way back to Buzzfeed to meet Chrissy who is gonna talk to you about revamping your social media. - Alright, let's do it. - So, social media, I feel like, is such a big part of 18-year-old's lives. Do you like social media? - I wanna like it. I really do, it's just I don't know what to do with it. It's like everyone around me knows. - What is the best part about social media and what is the worst part? - Being able to see all my friends regularly. - Don't you think they wanna see you since that's how you feel about them? - If I'm posing pictures of me in cargo shorts, I'm not so sure. One of the worst things, there is this idea of a public image and can be very stressful if you don't know who you are in the first place. - What do you think it says about someone if they don't have any social media? - Maybe unconfident. - I mean, you come across as quite a confident young man, so I think you need to just put yourself out there more. - Who are you? - I'm Andrew. - So, how do you usually use social media? What platforms do you use? - I mainly use Instagram and Snapchat. I use Snapchat a lot more, though, just 'cause with Instagram, I don't post because I don't really know what to post. - What's the worst thing that could happen, though, if you just went for it? - Oh, I mean, there's some pressure to have a good Instagram account. It feels awkward to me, especially as a guy, to ask one of my guy friends, hey, why don't you take a picture of me eating this salad? - But that's what friends are for and you should force them. Alright, let's take a look see. Oh, your color vibe is dark. That's it? - That's it. - You have so much potential. Cool, love it. How 2016 felt. See, that's funny. You liked your own Instagram. Love a good TBT, this is adorable. Okay, what's happening here? - So, I took this because I've never seen that kind of outfit before. - I have never once in my life been like I wanna take a photo with some old men. Is this public? - It's not, it's private. - Why, is it to hide from your parents or something? You're in college now. - It could be. - Okay, this is what's gonna happen in college. There's gonna be all these hot people and you're gonna be like oh my God, can I date them? Yes, you can, because this is a fresh start. If you are meeting someone for the first time and they're like, oh my God, I gotta stalk his Insta and it's private, then you're like, it's done. This is my Insta. I'm not saying this is the end all be all of how Instas should be, but I feel like you and I vibe on some level of you like being weird. Daylight photos always perform best, by the way. This one has a lot. I think it's all about being yourself through a photo and being funny. If the photo is you being hot, have a funny caption. If you're down, we should go outside and we'll take a dope profile pic. Alright, let's do this. We're going to get a temporary new profile pic because I know that, you know, you're gonna get a haircut. This is just a test run to show how I take photos. So, I love this chill look. This is already cute. We got a straight forward one, but we want to switch it up a little bit, you know? So, I'm gonna try other angles. When you have a friend do this for you, they're gonna find out what your best angle is. Right now, I'm discovering that actually every angle's good, you're fine. Just go, and I'll try to... Oh my God. (groaning) - I think I got my pants. - His pants have a giant hole. What do you wanna do? Despite the pants incident, I think we got some amazing photos. Now, I'm just gonna wait 'til your full reveal. Are you stoked? - I'm very stoked. I hope it's worth the wait. - Oh my gosh, it will be. - Okay, so now I'm gonna take you to Daniel Alfonso who is gonna give you a totally new haircut. How long have you had this hairstyle? - Probably a year. So, I figure I should change it up a little bit. - Yeah, what's your hair routine right now? - I just throw some gel in my hair and then I comb it. - Where do you get your hair cut? - My mom's barber. - So, you go to your mom's hairstylist and your mom picks out your clothes. It kinda sounds to me like you need to get your own individuality. - Yeah, I'm a little bit of a momma's boy. - Aw, what's stopping you from being more adventurous with your hair? - It's hard to change a hairstyle, especially because I don't really know what in style. Again, since I do wanna be this new person, I kinda want a new hairstyle. - Oh, well, I'm glad to hear that. (rock music) - How's it going? - We're here at Daniel Alfonso Men's Salon. What do you wanna do, man? - I wanna try to do something a little bit more modern. If I don't style it, I get a bowl cut. - Well, we're gonna revamp it up and we're gonna make it look awesome. I'm glad that you came in here with a little bit of length so we can start with a blank canvas. So, you tend to style your hair to the right side, right? - Yes. - So, let's try going against the grains and seeing if we get some of that volume. So, we're gonna take your sides down relatively short. So, I'm giving you kind of like a G-Easy type haircut. You know, a 1920s look. When you apply the product, put it in your hands and go like this a little bit because a lot of kids, what they usually do is they'll put product on the hands and they'll just go boom and put all the product right in the front. Alright, are you ready to check it out? - Oh, yeah. - Alright, man. Here you go, man. - (laughs) No way. Are you kidding me? This looks so good, man. - Thanks, man. (mumbles) look this way and check it out. - Oh my God. - So, this is a gift from me to you. This is 1821 clay, it's really good stuff. - So, just put this on after my hair's dry, or... - Absolutely. Well, good luck with everything. - Thank you so much, man, it was great meeting you. - Absolutely, likewise. - Alright, so Andrew has gone shopping, he's had his social media revamped, and he's got an awesome new haircut. And now, we are ready to reveal him to his friends, his family, his experts, and the world, or at least the internet. But first, I have some questions for you guys. Dad, what did you want Andrew to get out of this? - I hoped that he would be recognized as a leader, people would see his social skills. - Okay, mom, what do you think? - He's going for the business for college, so I want he looks like a professional. - Do you think it's okay if he just looks trendy? - Just like I say, Andrew is my treasure. Whatever he like, I'm happy for that. - So, Karen, you were his teacher. What did you hope he'd get out of it? - Basically, I just wanted him to have fun. I just wanted this to be an experience that he's never done before. - Alright, experts, you guys were there with him. Do you think he had fun? - I think he had a blast. - Yeah, we tried a whole bunch of styles on him and landed on something that he likes. - He already is really funny and so sweet. For his Instagram, he was open to anything. I'm so excited to see what... I don't know anything about his clothing or hair or anything, so... - Okay, are we ready to see him? (all talking) - Bring him out, baby. - Alright, Andrew, get ready and come on out! - [All] Whoa! (cheering) (clapping) - Alright, let's take a look in the mirror. - They were right. - And the new glasses look so good on you. I love the clear frames. - Good job. - And then Jazz undid these two buttons to show a little bit of chest hair. The socks work! - She made the socks work. I'm not wearing cargo shorts. - Bless. - After 18 years. - Well, you ripped one pair. (upbeat music) Alright, mom, what do you think of him? - I really love your haircut, your glasses, and everything. - What about you, dad? - Well, for 18 years, we never went shopping together. So, I had no idea what you would pick out, and you just blew my mind away. - Alright, so how do you feel the experience went? - Phenomenal, honestly. I never thought I could look like this. - It was not that hard. - I had no idea where to start. You guys brought me through and taught me everything. Thank you so much. - Yay. - Thanks, guys. I'm on my way to see my friends for the first time since the makeover. (yelling) - I'm not joking, this is such a trendy (mumbles). - Wait a minute. - So, I've known Andrew a really really long time. He just doesn't really know how to dress himself, but I think his style now really just communicates who he is. - Clearly, I'm a fashion icon, so my critique of Andrew might be a little bit tougher than others, but it's nice to see him get a change up in style and get more confident in himself. - Honestly, the hair was the biggest win for me. - I think it was from basic look to this new retro style. It was definitely the vibe that he needed to go for. - I feel a lot more confident. I think this is definitely a great first step into really figuring out how I wanna show myself off to the world and how I wanna view myself as a person. So, thanks, you guys. - Hey, Unsolved is on a new channel, and now your part. - [Both] Subscribe here. - That was my part.

  Top Comments:
  1. @arbien1763 [1 likes]: y'all can makeover me, I won't complain
  2. @MM__6 [1 likes]: wow, like shoot he's ready for college 🤣
  3. @ai-linh4896 [1 likes]: A nice Karen woah
  4. @itswrittenonthestars: I like this guy, he is intelligent, genuine and easy going! Awesome hair cut too
  5. @baranzabetian3095: is he single? im single... heyyyyy
  6. @robertferguson5503: Okay I know this is super late but where did he go shopping cuz I dig some of these clothes they got him and tried on
  7. @ayp5177: He reminds me of my brother... (like his demeanor) and me at the same time
  8. @ayp5177: 0:42 Why is being a nerd always equated/related to "little"? 😅 Genuine question...
  9. @adreinlobby9826: he reminds me of Aria lol
  10. @grace3452: Yeah everyone said it but he was cute before 😍
  11. @happinesstshepiso9258: Pls do similar videos like this one.. .#really helpful
  12. @JasmineSurrealVideos: He said it was nice to pick his own clothes instead of his mum doing it, but the black lady with the blonde hair picked his clothes for him!
  13. @thatcringygirl: I've been having fat, fat crush on him, for a WHOLE video
  14. @samhart8800: omg hes so adorable im gonna cri
  15. @ellebassa9288: I wish that they would check up on the teens after the makeover
  16. @frshdeedoo: He has the face for sure
  17. @Harsh_0812: The moment he took his glasses off at 9:31, that's when he changed into a completely different person 🤩✌️
  18. @TXDXEXO: “Honestly nobody’s gonna know”
  19. @jharnaislam5719: am i the only one who thinks he looks better without the glasses?
  20. @connorgray1681: Karen 😂🤦🏽‍♂️😂😂🤦🏽‍♂️🤦🏽‍♂️

- Extreme Makeover: Raven's Home Edition | DISNEY SHOW MASH-UP: Kind: captions Language: en good morning heathcott family gina annie gary come on out here good morning good morning king family alicia justin come on are you surprised i know it's overwhelming oh snap up in bed yet congratulations raven baxter no way yeah well not right now but you will be when the episode airs you should've oh my goodness oh my goodness wait wait i watch your show all the time y'all remember that one where that girl she lived in the garage the one that still had the car in it and you turned her crib into a two-story place and you hooked her up with a home theater and you hooked her up with a hot tub oh my goodness you hooked her up for real okay great then you know how our show works someone who cares about you wrote in and told us that you had a space that needed to be hooked up i do sly i do how did you know i'm moving into the basement and that person's gonna be in charge of turning that basement into your dream room here on hook up my space oh my goodness i have the bestest that's fruit of the world thank you chelsea thank you okay good okay you know the rules now you have to leave the house for 24 hours and you cannot interfere in any way interfere that's so not raven and of course our cameras will be here to cover the whole thing can you handle that i got one thing to say to us live hook me up it's time to hook up my space that's right now before we boot you out of here we're gonna bring in the person in charge of your makeover oh no hurry she's right here the chels didn't you no no well then who did all right people let's get this show on the road corey that's right your little brother corey wrote us a heartfelt letter about how he wanted to give his sister the dream room she deserves oh yeah now don't worry raven i'm gonna hook you up raymond baxter you're not supposed to be here we got to talk i got to go downstairs see what you're doing in my room homie yeah well i'm sure your curiosity can wait no i can't he got cowboys and bowling pins he's trying to sabotage me from you know the rules i won't tell anybody i promise please turn it off turn it off one page just one piece don't cross those you have to take the rest of it off of me before the lights turn back on we get busted hey america how y'all doing know about this family i'm extremely excited to see the elation on on the family's face oh i really want to stay in here and relax but i've got to get the family we just hooked up your space oh well your brother corey decided he wanted to give the room to you for reals yeah i knew how much this room meant to you and once you got embarrassed on national television in front of millions you know i kind of thought we were even that was the sweetest thing oh come here nah come on now come on you know how you get when you get emotional man get her off me okay okay okay who's my brother well that wraps up a really weird episode we'll see you next week on myspace

- *SHOCKING* Alpha M. Project JACK | A Men's Makeover Series S6E2 (BEST TRANSFORMATION EVER): Kind: captions Language: en i'm aaron marino and this is the alpha m project hi erin my name is jack wong i'm from atlanta georgia and i need your help so i came to this country 20 years ago i used to be a super skinny kid very speaking in english so throughout middle school and high school a lot of people pick on me and one day i decided to work out really really hard one of your video i saw you were talking about how like working out is the best decision you can make so you will change my life for that thank you so much aaron as a poor immigrant i like to save money and most clothes i own right now even the shoes is belong to my good friends and they just donated to me but the clothes i wear from them is mostly tank top because that's that's the only thing that fit me and even the shoes i have is like more than 10 years old and the backpack i still own today is like from high school you know it looked kind of rough but it it worked you know so that's why i don't spend money you really have changed my life on fitness on become more confident but now i hope you can take me to the next level aaron and become more afraid thank you so much jack wong aaron welcome to the alpha m project so your story and your video i love so much first off that tank top is killer but uh i just want to say that i am so impressed and inspired by your story you know i can't even imagine how difficult it is to be you know an immigrant coming here to the us not speaking the language and he talked a little bit about being picked on right oh yeah it's just like in the movie like people just bummed me around and i was skinny guy and they make fun of my you know when i speak english and they know when i'm gonna speak english just like try to like pick on me even more and more and more throughout middle school and high school it was miserable but then you started working out yes it's the best decision i've made in my life that's what i say yes every absolutely gentlemen here's the deal it will literally change your life it did me when i was 12 years old that's when i sort of went to the gym for the first time i started lifting weights and it was amazing what actually happened to my body but also like my mind talk a little bit about what happened to you when you started actually exercising obviously you're still doing it and you're doing it well but talk a little bit about what happened to you in terms of a transformation i used to be like super skinny and i uh no matter what i will not get my weight up so i decided to like working out and then eat more meal because i know my body have a high metabolism and i burn more so i eat like six meals a day and eventually it just started going from there yeah so you're married jack yes okay how does she like your style how did she like my style um well first of all we didn't go out much but when uh when we go out she kind of like yeah it'll look great you know it doesn't look great she's being nice yeah i think she's being nice all right some of those some of those clothes that i saw in that video you know the shoes the flip-flops you've had for 10 years all the workout gear gentlemen it is time to upgrade jack style but first why don't we take a look at what you brought to give the gentleman an accurate read on how bad the situation is you ready okay let's see it all right jack talk me through a little bit about what you got going on here well the tank top is was donating from my friends and he loved piping are they still your friend yeah they're still my friends here today they shouldn't be your friend anyway all right so donated tank top they love pineapples the shorts you know these shorts are actually not that bad the fit isn't like horrible i would prefer them to come up a little bit just to show you do you work legs yes okay good gentlemen you got to make sure you don't skip legs the flip-flops you know i'm not actually i'm not loving them do you you wear them a lot you've had i wear them a lot have them fought before i got married okay well that's way too long what about these accessories that i see you like accessories yes well this um it's actually belong to my grandmother and she gave it to me and i never take this off uh okay i think i love dragon because i was born in the year of the dragon nice nice little year of the dragon action i like it gentlemen here's the deal he's got another outfit that's even worse jack let's see it jack get your buff body in here all right so here's the deal all right this outfit where would you wear this outfit or look i wear this when i uh go out to the date with my wife uh okay meet the friends or i i've been wearing to vegas lately oh yeah yeah what happens in vegas stays in vegas the shirt should have stayed in vegas all right it's definitely too small for you i don't hate the flannel i don't hate the layering look i think it's cool the retro inspired t-shirt i'm actually feeling that the pants the joggers cargo joggers i think these aren't bad but we can definitely do better the shoes once again we need to upgrade those you really don't have many pairs of shoes other than flip-flops and workout shoes right right we're gonna change that let's see that next outfit mama come on jack let's talk about this all right so here's the thing that kills me you're such a good looking dude your body is amazing you're just a handsome dude but when you're rocking something like this it absolutely sabotages your ability to look amazing all right this suit is totally not where it's at all right the fit is is not good the black color is too harsh the white i i do i do appreciate a man who's not afraid to show a little man cleavage right jack yeah that's what i'm talking about what i'm also talking about are these pants super big super baggy these shoes i actually don't hate them as much as i hate the flip-flops but they're definitely not appropriate for this outfit jack here's what we're gonna do today we're going shopping we got two thousand dollars budget yeah exactly what we're also gonna go right now and get your hair cut all right i'm kind of digging the long hair but we definitely need to do something to give it a little attitude a little bit of edge and then like i said we're gonna go shopping come back here put all the outfits together and make sure that you look sexy for that spicy senorita you ready make me a new man aaron i'm trying let's go jack do it all right gentlemen so we're at salon posted to get jack's hair done a little bit better steven what's happening brother what's going on all right steven this strapping stud is jack and jack's hair needs a little bit of help so in terms of sort of a direction jack you cut your own hair yeah okay so he cuts his own hair guys which is good if you can do it but one thing that he's done is actually started to come up his hair a little bit too far right what i'd like to do is possibly maybe trim and and taper it down here a little bit low get this hair off of his face a little bit get it back what do you think okay sounds good sounds like a plan are you ready jack is that good let's wash [Music] gentlemen welcome to salon posted this salon is a labor of love steven and i really wanted to do something special and so we found this old church we converted it it took a year a lot of love a lot of money but it has turned out incredible guys if you're ever in the atlanta area just go to salonposted.com give us a call make an appointment this place will treat you right and get you looking super stylish and sexy with amazing hair all right gentlemen the facial hair it was time to go jack's got an incredible face very handsome and the facial hair because it wasn't real dense as it was getting longer it was actually looking thinner and so this is a much better look and going to make him look more grown up more mature and sexier all right guys so i want to talk to you a little bit without the mask on let's head to the private suite all right gentlemen so let's talk a little bit about your hair and what product you should check out all right guys below this video i'm going to link to petenpedro.com i'm also going to have a super special discount code for a limited time but below that you're also gonna have the link to the custom hair product recommendation tool all you gotta do is tell us what style you're going for how much hold how much shine and pete pedro will auto generate a product recommendation for you guys it's a lot of fun it's also a great way to elevate and upgrade your hair game all right gentlemen time to style a few squirts of the sea salt spray to add a little bit of texture guys if you haven't checked out this product this is a game changer if you want to elevate the look the feel and the texture of your hair i'm going to link to the sea salt spray down below along with the special discount code this stuff is a must-have for every guy who styles their hair and then we're going to add a little bit of putty all right the putty is a high hold low shine product all right the trick to this guys is you gotta emulsify make sure you heat the product up in order to work it all the way through the hair and down to the roots check it out gentlemen you look amazing you literally look like a model you ready to shop just do it alright let's roll all right gentlemen i linux mall about to take jack shopping now one of the problems that we're gonna run into today jack really doesn't know what he likes in terms of style you don't shop much i don't shop at all like ever and so what i thought we would do is actually start at the feed all right in terms of a great pair of casual sneakers that he can dress up or down we're gonna look for a white minimal sneaker it's a great addition and i think it's gonna fit with your casual cool aesthetic good it's all good and we'll figure it out from there you excited i'm exciting aaron i'm excited too you're gonna look amazing what uh what color do you prefer um i just have to try them on i'm not sure but but i think black looked nice because i like how dark it is and the logo just popped yeah okay cool let's try this on they look great what do you think they feel good all right they feel good yeah i like it i mean i like them too they look amazing all right so the gap is one of my favorite stores in terms of like pants right whether or not it's chinos or jeans what i'm gonna do since you don't own any denim i need to find you something that's comfortable but also fits you amazing so jack literally doesn't know what size waist he is that's how much he shops so i'm gonna say you're probably around a 30 30 so let's try that and then we can adjust okay yes no i like it yeah you got to talk jack come on use your words great job what do you think do it new gene bounce baby boom two i think this is good they look amazing i think i might like this color too i love the color wow all right gentlemen we're gonna go check out untuck it the reason why i'm excited about this store for jack is that we really love the idea of a button up but the problem is whenever something fits them up top it's going to be too long untuck it will solve the problem uh the problems of a muscular man um the large slim the large fits them the best up through the chest uh but the body is like wait do you like the lighting in here jack all right but the body of this this shirt is just way too baggy so i don't think untuck is going to work but maybe we try express wow oh my god it looks amazing wow that looks really really is this this is like a vegas outfit right like going out to the club in vegas now i feel i'm fit in i'm happy i'm happy you're happy i love it so much aaron i never thought i would like pattern until i try it you gotta try it you know and this is different this is more like edgy and young and fresh i think that the one and this one is my favorite so far yeah both of them are amazing you need two so let's go wow i never thought i can look like this what do you think i look amazing amazing at least he knows he looks amazing so yeah you can totally dress up and still let people know that hey i work out and show off your body without showing off your body too much and so this is an incredible look nice pair of loafers this might change the whole thing of the whole idea of dressing for me and that gentleman is a shopping rap we're gonna head back to the studio and see how jack looks with his new set of clothes his style and a few incredible gifts i'm about to give him come on jack gentlemen we're back from our shopping trip and i gotta say we absolutely crushed it today for jack but we also dug a little deeper because jack is my size in terms of shirts and pants yes he's a little beefier but he still fits and so there are a lot of clothes that i have that i haven't been wearing that i wanted to give jack um and so as a result we only spent 1300 so here's a check for an additional 700 to make up for that that 2000 so do me a favor and take your spicy standing rita out for a nice dinner okay thank you aaron you bet all right so few other gifts before we get to the outfits gentlemen jack you're also gonna get a badass pair of enemy shades all right enemy shades are my sunglass company premium put those bad boys on are you kidding me are you kidding me gentlemen if you want to check out enemy i'm going to link to it down below along with a super special alpha m project discount all right go check out these are the enemy ones they look amazing on jack and honestly they're my favorite style right nice and clean they work with pretty much any face shape right but we got ones we got twos we got threes we've even got the badass enemy fours the enemy fours are our larger style that looks stupid on me but they'll probably look good on you jack let's see put those bad boys on what stunner yes please you look amazing all right jack you get two pairs of shades guys thank you if you want to check out enemy hit that link down below use that discount code and get yourself a bad ass sexy pair of shades so jack's going to be looking good but now he's also going to be smelling amazing because i'm also tossing in the complete set of the pete and pedro fragrance line guys if you are looking to upgrade your fragrance game for under 50 you got to hit that link down below and check out the pete and pedro fragrances go and read the reviews it's not just my opinion these fragrances are amazing all right rebel is inspired by my all-time favorite fragrance creed aventus but i wouldn't want to spend like 350 bucks and so i went to the lab it's not a clone but if you like creative ventus you're going to love rebel all right villain is inspired by tom ford's the back of vanilla king is inspired by creed green irish tweed and hero is inspired by my favorite light fresh fragrance which is aqua dijo perfumo gentlemen hit the link down below check out the beaten pedro fragrance line we also sell deluxe samples so if you're not ready to pull the trigger on a big bottle you can also buy a sample or a sample set jack congratulations you are officially going to smell sexy now let's get to the clothes seriously jay check it out no sexy oh sexy speaking of sexy gentlemen hold this jack you can you can you can spray one if you want anyway here's the deal gentlemen speaking of sexy let's go through his incredible wardrobe all right we went to the gap and we knocked it out of the denim park right three incredible pairs of denim banana republic though for these light wash lightweight incredible pants guys they also are amazing and the black pants came from express and looked dynamite on jack and his incredible booty speaking of incredible gentlemen check out this wardrobe we went with some short sleeve polo and henley style shirts right we've got one two three four five six of them we went with some long sleeve shirts long sleeve henley another short sleeve henley we also are giving him a bad ass leather jacket that looks incredible i'm going to show you that in a second that's actually from my collection but jack looks better in it than i do and then down here we are knocking it out of the shoe park with some amazing options that light white pair of minimal leather sneakers some retro pumas some great brown loafers ferragamos also two pairs of bad ass boots jack let's see the first outfit all right so this first outfit is super playful summertime fresh jack come in and show the gentleman what you're rocking alright so it's clean it's simple and this outfit really speaks to the fact that if you nail the fit it doesn't take a lot of patterns it doesn't take a lot of logos simple a lot of times is best the clean express polo fits them flawlessly these pants are a lightweight sort of like medium dressy pant from banana republic lots of stretch in them crazy lightweight amazingly comfortable and then of course finishing it off with a simple clean white minimal leather sneaker jack what do you think about this outfit i feel like i need to throw all my clothes away now i look amazing you know this outfit is just so incredibly perfect it's perfect for the south when it's hot outside you are definitely bringing it strong in this outfit and gentlemen like i said the body are you kidding me if this isn't a testament to working out and making everything that you wear look amazing jack is the perfect example all right all right let's see that that second outfit so this outfit that jack is wearing looks so good on him i'm literally jealous it kind of has that like conor mcgregor like bad boy went to vegas exactly feel check out this look guys the polo shirt is absolute perfection what i really love about this polo is the brown and black together right a lot of people like oh you can't wear brown and black together personally i think that this is a perfect polo shirt from express the pants also a slim fit nice casual medium dressy black slim fit pant from express and my old shoes ferragamos look amazing the anson belt jack what do you think of this look brother i feel like a mutant you look like a millionaire i feel like it belonged to like a expensive casino yeah you look like exactly you look oh my gosh you look so incredible and guys this is just another example of you don't need to wear like skin tight in order to really show off the fact that you do work out and have a nice body you absolutely look amazing but this last look is my personal pick for bad boy perfection let's see it gentlemen that this this is for me because sometimes i even impress myself jack come in here and show him what a bad boy looks like are you kid are you kidding me look at this look all right this all starts with this badass biker jacket right super clean sexy masculine and the thing that i love about the biker jacket is this lapel it really does accentuate your body and the fact that you've got broad shoulders then also combine it with a simple clean white v-neck shirt from banana republic the jeans yeah you know you know i had to bring it with a gray stretched denim from the gap finishing it off with a perfect pair of chelsea boots jack what do you think of this look i look a badass you do look like a badass jack this has been an absolute pleasure for me you are such a great guy and you know to hear your story to hear your you know inspirational tale of coming to this this country you know doing everything and accomplishing everything that you've done i know that you've got big things in store and it was an absolute pleasure to be a part of what you're about to do congratulations brother thank you so much so much unbelievable i'm proud of you and like i said you're just an amazing guy and and this couldn't have happened to a better dude it's a great job brother aaron you just changed my life today thank you so much i feel like a new man this is the moment uh when we were in dressing room like i was closing my eye and i was thinking i was streaming because i looked myself in the mirror and i was like wow that guy looked good he looked like a model but but that's me so it usually changed my life on that and thank you so much aaron so i spent many years working out really hard and trying to build my confidence up and today ellen just showed me that i can dress nice and appropriate and not hiding all my hard work this could be one of the moments in my life where i will not forget and i want to thank you for all the sponsor of pete and pedro enemy sunglasses and your new clone and in this smell really sexy i can't wait to put that on tonight when i go home tonight i'm gonna throw away all my clothes because today i'm a new me thank you aaron gentlemen the alpha m project is back and i gotta say this episode was amazing jack is an inspiring guy and it just really goes to show you what working out and taking care of yourself can do to your confidence not to mention your body gentlemen my question to you is who's next pointing at the muscle milo jack jack it says no guns you gotta put them away we gotta hide them i'm sorry there you go don't mind me what do you think hey i'm aaron hey pleasure to meet you devin pleasure to meet you i'm aaron good to meet you guys that's awesome hey devin thanks for the support oh absolutely thank you for for watching you're gonna wear this a lot i love this one aaron i look good i look good first why don't we take a look at what you brought to give the gentleman an accurate read on how bad the situation is you ready okay let's see it wait it was bad

  Top Comments:
  1. @Bing-s5x [1 likes]: My god, it's jaw-dropping just being in good shape and dressing better can make one very handsome. Aaron you're the best. Do you guys here in the comments know the name of Aaron's haircut in this video?
  2. @LAMF24: Most women like muscle tone, but not bodybuilders.
  3. @alexanderaben8888: Now 3 years later, Jack is now in Cobra Kai!👊🏽
  4. @dylanfreeman2593: So first step. get a muscular physique
  5. @tc5691: What ! You didn’t promote Thursday Boot???
  6. @Karrthik-m5r: Alpha was rocking the kingsman Navy blue suit
  7. @HoseinMaleki-cv3sz: Love this Channel man❤️❤️❤️
  8. @TxmmyBeats: Jack is…jacked 💪🏻
  9. @RobDunfee: Great stuff
  10. @racketman: Amazing work with Jack, Alpha! He really had a glow up
  11. @Cinestudi0: Dude used all his clothes budget on trembo
  12. @terryholt9895: 1) That beautifully tailored suit with the white shirt, shoes without socks, you are a beautiful man inside and out. Wish I could smell yoyr neck. 2) with Jack you skipped the number one foundation; the underwear. Wish you had him try on boxers, boxer-briefs, tighty whiteys, bikini. 3) wish you had shown how the jeans fit his butt. You could have run your hands across his muscular butt and showed the fit.
Jack had an awesome physique to work with and you made him even hotter. Aaron you did a great job with Jack's makeover. It was educational, informative, and very sexy!!!❤😊
  13. @amadeoDT: Such a wholesome guy
  14. @riccoingram6150: Absolutely great episode  ❤
  15. @robertboyd1234: This was a great episode!! It is good to see deserving men get a great upgrade!! All outfits were great!! My favorite was the first with the white shirt and green pants. Alpha M lending a helping hand-!👍🏾👍🏾✊🏾✊🏾💯💯
  16. @warsil3735: He looks like model a model material
  17. @zahash1045: Jacks gon break some backs
  18. @JimmyKang-tm9rx: 2:05 mans went from saying he just wears donated tank tops to Bose earphones and that super man outfit
  19. @FunFun4All: Alpha you said tanktops are not good to wear... what about Jack? Is he exception? 😂
  20. @diego_panaur: This was awesome

- Scroll-Linked Magic: Animate Your React Apps with Framer Motion's useScroll Hook: Kind: captions Language: en all right in this video we're going to talk about the use scroll Hook from frame motion and the use scroll Hook is going to allow us to do scroll link animations or scroll scrubbed animations now if you saw my previous video talking about scroll triggered animations you might remember that I showed this Apple iPhone page and at the top of this page is a good example of a scroll link or scroll scrubbed animation so check out this video here and notice how it scale changes as I move the scroll bar so check out here how it starts scaling down and then I can reverse that and it starts scaling up again and that's a scrubbing action it's like a scrub play head where the user is controlling the animation or controlling the scaling in this case so let's flip over to our code and here I have a component called scroll link and inside of it is a simple motion div and at the moment it's outside of the visible viewport and that's because I've given the body elements a height of 300 VH just so we can get some scrolling on the page but if we scroll down you can see that motion div being this blue box here now just as in the example we saw for the iPhone page what I'd like to do is control the scaling or the scaling animation of this box based on the progress of the scroll bar so what what we're going to do is start by bringing in the use scroll Hook from frame motion and let's use it here inside of our component and we're going to do so by declaring a constant and we're going to set this equal to use scroll and use scroll is going to return to us motion values those are going to be scroll X scroll Y and then scroll X progress and scroll y progress here we're just going to be focusing on scroll Y and scroll y progress because we're deal with scrolling up and down the page but if you were working on something that had scrolling horizontally along the x axis then you could use scroll X and scroll X progress in just the same way so let's start out by getting scroll Y and what I want to do is I want to look at the motion values that are being outputed from this use scroll hook as we scroll up and down the page now also previously I talked about use motion value event and we can use that here to listen to change events when we scroll and monitor the resulting motion values to the console so let's use use motion value event and the first thing we're going to pass in is the scroll y motion value and the event we want to listen to in particular is called change a change event and then in the Callback function we get access to the value as the change event is fired and we can simply log it out so let's go back into the browser and scroll up and let's open our console and here I've opened it up in a separate window since we're scrolling up and down the page but now as I scroll down notice this stream of motion values that we're getting and these are representing the pixel amount that we've scrolled down the page all right so now we've got access to the motion values being outputed based on the scroll position but how can we use those motion values to actually affect the scaling of this blue box well we know in the style object that we want to do something to scale and basically we want to have that scale being dynamically updated based on the motion value but in order to really make good use of it we're going to bring in another hook that we've already seen and that's called use transform because we want to take those motion values which remember again represent the number of pixels that we've scrolled down and transform them into some reasonable scale values so let's use our use transform hook and here we're going to take our scroll wide motion values and then we're going to set up two arrays the first one is going to be the input range and the second one's going to be the output range that we're mapping to so here's our first array and here's our second array so what values are we going to put in here what are our input and output ranges going to be well let's go find out fortunately we have access to all of those motion values that we're logging out to the console so let's do a little bit of Det detective work so first of all let's comment out a couple of these things just so we don't get an error and then let's open up our developer tools and let's pay attention to the values we're getting as we scroll that box into view so it enters about here which is pretty close to around 200 and we keep scrolling and let's say around here so around here we're at about 800 so let's say we want to use that as our input range from approximately 200 to 800 let's bring back our use transform and let's put those values into the input range 200 to 800 and then let's map that to the output range and this is where we're going to define the range of our scale so at 200 let's say that we want the scale to be normal scale which is one but then as it gets to 800 we want to scale it to I don't know 1.5 let's say now to actually use these transform values let's create a const and we can call it scale and that way we can use javascript's property shorthand to just point the scale from the style object to the transformed motion values so now with this mapping let's see how our box animates see so it starts animating almost right away and it ends about here so that entire scaling occurs over that range from about 200 to 800 and obviously we can customize that we can tailor it a bit so let's say we wanted that scaling to occur over a bit of a wider range so maybe instead of 800 we can do 1,200 and let's see the difference so it continues scaling a bit longer and we can set a greater amount of scale over that range if we want like 1.75 and so now we've got this right and all that scaling is linked to the progress of the scroll bar and that's scroll scrubbing and if you remember earlier I mentioned that you scroll returns four different motion values so not only scroll y but also scroll y progress and scroll X and scroll X progress so the difference between scroll Y and scroll y progress is just that scroll y progress tracks the progress in terms of a percentage and it goes from zero to one so let's take a look at that so now instead of getting scroll y from use scroll we're getting scroll y progress and we're going to log out its values in use motion value event and let's comment out our scaling for a moment and let's go back and open our developer tools and now let's scroll down and here you'll see we get values from zero to one so at about here we're into about 10% down the way of the page and you can see if I continue 20% % 30 40 50 and so on until we get to the very bottom where we're at 100% represented by one so that means that now if we wanted to do our scaling with our use transform well let's bring all this back in and instead of basing it on scroll y we'll base it on scroll y progress and then in the input range we can define a percentage range so let's say we wanted to start at 0% and we want the full scaling of the animation to play out over the first 10% of the scroll so we can do 0.1 and now let's scroll down and let's see the behavior of the scaling and we should see that it scales up to 1.75 pretty quickly see during the first 10% of the scroll if you're interested in learning how to bring your web pages to life with cool animations Gap and scrolly telling techniques check out my course scrolly telling 101 since I launched the course the response has been amazing with students commenting on the wealth of webdev tips and tricks included in the lessons I'm going to leave a link down below for you and you can start by checking out some of the free preview videos there I think you're going to love it [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @collinsk8754 [2 likes]: Great tutorial. Nicely explained 🥳🥳
  2. @TheCodeCreative [2 likes]: 🎓 New Course Available!  "Scrollytelling 101":  https://store.thecodecreative.com/scrollytelling
  3. @TheCodeCreative [1 likes]: 🎓New Course Available: "Framer Motion Unlocked!": https://store.thecodecreative.com/framer-motion
  4. @tamerahmed9860 [1 likes]: Thank you! Great efforts
  5. @ShiwonSachintha [1 likes]: wow 😯 Thank you so much.. ❤ Definitely gonna try this
  6. @TheCodeCreative: 😍 FREE Framer Motion Code Snippets: https://store.thecodecreative.com/framer-motion-button-animations-free-code-snippets

- Your Competitors Are Using This Hook Strategy Right Now: Kind: captions Language: en In the realm of content marketing for your brand through video that is, >> have you ever used a scent that brings you a lot of good memories from the past? Nostalgia, amber. >> Hooks are an important part of your storytelling after. Different types of hooks serve different purposes, each capable of drawing in your audience and compelling them to stick around for much longer. In this section, I will help you explore three effective types of hoax, emotional, curiositydriven, and problem solving. I will also include three examples of visual hooks that are capable of stopping the scroll. There will be open bag hooks, birds aren step on paper. So I decided to bring everything outside because there's enough natural light. So I decided to use natural light and that will also bring some form of simplicity into what we're doing so that you as a newbie would find it quite easy to implement this as you practice. So I'll go back there and set up things. All right. The way I intend to execute this open box shot is I'm going to have my phone buried in the box and then I will flip it open and then that will capture the effect. Whenever anybody posts on social media, they able to stop because they want to see what happened next. You know, that's the essence of this whole thing. So, I'm going to put my phone in there and then let's see how it works. I have an antique box here. You can actually use whatever type of box you have around you that will actually give this effect. It doesn't matter if it's a small box, if it's a big box. You want to be able to bury your phone in a place where you can flip open. Once you can open it, that is what creates the effect. So before you close the box, I'll just simply crank the camera on. You want to make sure you're using the front camera and make sure you have your settings right so that you'll be able to frame yourself properly. I have the camera buried in the box. We reveal the box and then pick up the perfume and then that will give the the the effect. So, this is what I do right there. And then I pick my I pick my product and then I look at it and I spray some. Right? That's how it works. And then I put it back in the box. and then lock it. And that's it. That creates the effect. The reason I'm holding the umbrella is because I am exposed for my face. But if I take out the umbrella, then the sky will be too bright for the exposure. And I you don't want that. That's the reason I'm doing what I'm doing. I'm holding an umbrella to cover the sky. And then I have a little bit of light here to illuminate my face. Onto the next one. So for the bird's eye view hook, I'm going to be using this tripod right here to mount my phone. I'm going to attach it to the top of that system. You can also mount it on top of a tripod so that you can get that bird's eyee view angle. So I have my phone right here. So once again, you want to use the front camera so that you can monitor and frame yourself correctly for the purpose of increasing the quality of your video. You want to use a monitor that the one that you mount in front of this camera. Got an iPhone selfie monitor so you can easily mount it here. I probably would leave a link beneath this video so that if you wish to purchase it, you can easily click through that link and purchase one for yourself. The reason why you want that is because the back camera is of a better quality than the front camera. So quickly I will mount it on like that, right? And then go screw it to the top of that thing is usually with the 3/4 thread and I will go and mount it on the 3/4 mount. So as you can see right now I have it in place. I just walked into my scene. I can do it however I want it. I can change the angle. Once I change the angle then I'll be fine. I can change the angle and flip it the other way. Or I can simply just walk into it from this angle and it still will work the same way. Yeah, this is me walking into the frame and I'm going to also show you that perspective just to give you different angle. You know, basically these are some things that actually work beautifully well because people are not used to seeing angles like this regularly. You want to change the angle of your video at every given point in time and that's what gives people that excitement to watch it and that's why it's a visual hook. Onto the next one, paper quiz effect. Now, what creates the effect is someone wants to know exactly what you're stepping on and why you're stepping on it. And then that creates the suspense and then they want to know what happens afterwards. Basically, I'm going to put it on the floor and then in post I'm going to write on it. It will be like a quiz, right? And this is how I created it. So this is going to be on the floor. I'm going to make two clips. Once I'm about to step on it, I'll cut into the next clip. And that is what creates it. So the reason I'm using this is because it's very, very, very flexible. I can turn it whichever angle I want to turn it. In case you don't have this, I know you have it. U my student, you can easily just u use a link and click through it and purchase one for yourself. is very useful in this regard. I hope you can put in the effort required to move your brand forward on social media. Onto the next one, one thing I will let you know is practice, practice, practice like your life depends on it. So, we're going to do the first one, which is emotional. It's something that's able to evoke some emotion. For example, when I was 17, I had this scent that made me feel so confident. Whenever I smell it now, I remember the laughing with friends. I remember free like nothing else matter. This one is curiositydriven hook. You just simply ask a question that makes people want to hear more. It's that type of question that arouse that curiosity and creates suspense because the more anxious they are to hear what's next, the longer they stay on your video and that will trick the algorithm into believing that there's more value in the content and then will push it out to more people. Number three is problemsolving hook. Point out a problem-solving hook and hint an answer. For example, ever put a scent in the morning and by lunchtime is totally gone. And here is one that is still there at the end of the day. That's your product, right? So with this type of question, somebody is bound to wait to see the end of the response. Tell a short story about a scent memory. Now, with this one, there are certain scents that I knew when I was much younger that when I smelled them now, it just bring a whole lot of memory back. Nostalgia. emotion. And you want to be able to tap into people's emotion when you create these hooks. I personally had an experience with this sort of thing back in the day when I was much younger. I was working for a company where there would be this foreigner coming in and they would work for a period of time. Whenever that person was around, even without seeing them, whatever it is they wear for perfume would be like very expensive fragrance because whenever they around, the air traveled with their smell, you know. So, you didn't even need to see them first or hear their their voice first before you knew they were around because of the scent that they use. They use a particular scent consistently. So this is one of such examples of what this type of hook would do. There is an element of truth in it. So you want to actually try these things out. As you probably can see in this particular particular session, it's easy but it's a lot of work. At the end of the day, something has got to give. You have to be able to put in the effort to get the result that you're looking for. You're doing it for a product. You're doing it for your brand. Once you are able to execute this then you you have um a lot of noise. So once you're able to execute this and then you know sky is the limit for your brand and your product and you have to put in this effort consistently. All right. I hope you can put in the effort required to move your brand forward on social media. This is Sam. Until the next one. Piss.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Coder.tahsin [1 likes]: Man when I saw this video title and view count my instincts are like "Another AI generated Slop no one is probably interested" lucky I didn't follow my instincts and chose to check it out, and this one of the best tutorial on product video I have seen in a while, wish you all the best for you journey ahead 🎉
  2. @FeechurPrezentations [1 likes]: Thank you for the info!

- How to write hooks that stop 50% of scrolls: Kind: captions Language: en All right, in this video we're going to talk about how to write open loops, aka write curiosity gaps, because it's a word that a lot of people have thrown around, but nobody really talks about how to do it. So, I'm going to explain that here. Now, if you aren't really sure what an open loop or a curiosity gap is, essentially it's an information gap that the reader or the watcher in a lot of our cases making Facebook ads wants to fill in their head. Okay. Another way to think of this is like you create this open task in someone's mind. Like it's this thing that like okay, now they're aware of that they want to then close. All right. And a great analogy of this is like a waitress or a waiter when they, you know, take your order, they're not just going to forget that order and they're not just going to like, you know, leave you. I mean, some really bad ones will, but what they do is they go and they finish that, they go and punch your order in to complete that task or essentially complete that loop because they started something and they want to finish it. Okay? And so when you're doing this, the best way to actually do it, the way that we teach this at Evolve, which as you can see, we're right inside of Evolve here. And this is a program that is not even fully complete yet. So this is in the process of being created and this is the YouTube version before I actually go through and finish out the rest of the slide deck. But my point is juxaposition is one of the best ways to do that. So if you don't know what a juxiposition is, it's basically when you place two things together that should not go together. Okay. So the example here that I have is how a homeless person became a millionaire. Okay. Now we have point A which is a homeless person, someone who's broke and point Z which is a millionaire. Okay. And this gap creates an open loop because a millionaire and homeless person don't really go together. They're two completely different things and we've managed to put them together in a sentence. Now, the truth is unless you sell maybe an online course like you know if we took someone who was homeless, put him in a vault and he became a millionaire that would be a great ad for us. But my point is is I want you guys to just try when you're writing just write and put two things that don't go together cuz you just need to start to get into the flow because it's going to be a little bit harder for you when you try to actually apply it to your brand. But if you just think, okay, like what are two things that don't go together? I don't know, maybe cars and like French fries. Like try to write a sentence with how you know you fill the car with French fries. Like just start getting in this flow and it's going to start to create this kind of, you know, flywheel of these creative ideas. And so what's really cool about this is if you just start writing random things that don't go together, I don't know, credit cards and water bottles. Like how can you tie those together, that's going to just help you get into this flow and just get you better at writing in general. But now, as you can see, if we try to look at this as an ad for someone who's in the supplement space, we could say, "I quit the gym and lost 20 lbs." Right? Now, what does this do for anybody that has the common belief that you have to go to the gym to lose weight? They might be like, "Well, how does someone quit the gym and lose 20 lbs?" Like, that's an information gap. I want to close that loop. So, that is an example of if you sell a supplement that helps people, I don't know, curb their cravings or something like that. That is a headline that could work really well for you or at least a hook before you go and explain how someone did this. Now you could also put this in a different way where it's like I actually quit the gym and just started running instead. Right? So you just have to understand that when you create these curiosity gaps, how you manage them and how you, you know, basically fill the rest of the story is very, very important. But we're just taking it one step at a time here because a lot of you guys probably struggle to grab attention. And this is a great way to actually do it. And now again, as you can see, especially in this one up here and as well in this one, there's a big space in between, right? How does a homeless person become a millionaire? There is space. How does someone quit the gym and lose 20 pounds? There is space. That space is what the reader wants to continue to watch for, right? And so again, how you handle that on the back end is important. And obviously in the instances of static ads, it's also what the reader will click for. For a lot of you guys that create open loops of curiosity gaps in your static ads, it's a very common strategy to send those to listicles or avitorials, you need to complete that loop or fill that curiosity gap on your actual landing page. Right now, some other examples down here that I actually pulled directly from ads is the all naturatural deodorant that performs like a toxic one. I've talked about this one before. or if you've seen some of my other videos, but it's like toxic and natural. Like those don't go together. Like how does an allnatural deodorant perform like a toxic one? Right? And again, I even talked about how when you do justositions the right way, it can make the reader automatically create associations because I didn't tell you that this is a great deodorant, but you've probably already made the assumption that it's a great deodorant because we're saying it performs like a toxic one and most of the toxic ones work pretty well, but the allnatural ones don't, right? So, as you can see there, again, we're doing so much by putting two things that don't go together and doing it creatively. And that's why I love justosition because it works so well for not only opening loops, but also creating curiosity gaps. Now, the other one that I have down here is day one, I brush my teeth with coconut oil until they turn white. Again, it's like why are you brushing your teeth with coconut oil? Now, some people might actually do that, but again, now there's like this gap. Okay, we've also kind of added this day one and a lot of you guys have probably seen a common ad type which is like what happened to my, you know, body or what happened to X after Y days. Now, those can work, but again, it needs to be interesting. And how can you make it more interesting? Try to put two things that don't go together, right? You know, what happened to my body after I quit the gym or again, how I lost 20 lbs after I quit the gym. As you can see there, the first one, what happened to my body after I quit the gym? People are just going to make the association that you gained weight and they're probably not going to care. But if I said how I lost 20 pounds after I quit the gym, they're like, "How is that possible?" Because again, those two things don't go together, which is why justosition works so well in grabbing attention. Now, the final way to actually create open loops or curiosity gaps or at least get someone to continue watching, which is kind of the goal here. We want someone to continue watching. We want to create space and we want to make sure people consume the information that we then fill the rest of the ad with. And so, as you can see here, we love to create curiosity through fear. And I have to put ethically in here because some of you guys are crazy and you say things that just don't even make sense and scare people and there's no point in doing that because that's fear-mongering and that's how you tarnish your brand. That's how you don't play long term and that's how you honestly just become a bit of a piece of to be real. But with that said, watch out for these ingredients when buying shampoo. Okay? And so when I say these are the three best ingredients in shampoo, you might not care, right? But if I say watch out for these ingredients when buying shampoo, you might be using a shampoo that you thought was fine, right? But you just want to make sure because it is in our human nature evolution to protect ourselves and make sure that we are not in danger. Okay? And so when someone says watch out for these ingredients, our kind of monkey brain, our you know our default like subconscious is like I need to make sure that I'm not in danger because that's what keeps you alive is staying out of danger. There's a reason why you don't go swimming in the middle of the ocean. It's dangerous. And even though swimming in the middle of ocean and looking out for ingredients is two completely different things in your logical brain, your subconscious doesn't really know the difference. It's like danger is danger, okay? And so watch out for these ingredients is going to get someone to stop and make sure that they are not in danger. Another one here as well, three red flags that your child has vitamin deficiency or three red flags of vitamin deficiency in kids. This is a winning ad that I actually pulled from the Evolve winning ads doc as well. And again, you can see here, I need to watch this to make sure my kid doesn't have one of them, right? I might think my kid is totally fine, right? I might create an ad that says like, you know, try these vitamins for your kid. I might not care. But if I say three red flags that your kid might have a vitamin deficiency, all of a sudden like, okay, I just need to make sure that my kids are all right. And it could be completely healthy, but I just want to make sure. And again, what does that do? That captures attention. And a lot of times if you're doing this the right way, again, doing this ethically, you can actually help people understand like, you know, there actually is a problem. And this is why you can take people from unaware to, you know, problem aware, solution aware, product aware, most aware, and actually buy your product because it's going to grab a lot of attention, right? And so at the end of the day, these are the two ways that we recommend people to do this right now, which is juxaposition and then just basically creating curiosity through fear. And that's just telling people like, hey, make sure like this is not a problem for you. Because again, we are much more prone to reacting to things that are putting us in danger versus, you know, things that are just like, hey, you know, you're going to, you know, lose 50 lbs. And again, that can still work, but we have noticed that, you know, we're kind of more motivated by fear. And again, don't take this to the extreme. When we say low veilance and low intensity, that basically just means like, you know, you want to kind of tap into more of those fear-driven emotions, but not do it in a way that's like if you don't click this ad, like, you know, you're going to get hit by a train. Like, doesn't make any sense. There's no point in doing that because nobody wins as a result of that. But you can do it creatively, as you can see here. Okay? And so, that is how to write open loops. That is how to create curiosity gaps. If you want to secure the Evolve copyrightiting program that is coming in 2026 at a price that is going to be the lowest that it will ever be for it, I highly recommend that you check out the first link in the description down below. And if you are doing less than $100,000 a month, I definitely recommend checking out Origins. It is growing like crazy. We got a lot of awesome people in there. We've got a lot of fun things coming to the community of people doing less than 100K per month as well. But with that said, thank you so much for taking the time to watch this video, and I'll see you in the next

  Top Comments:
  1. @bleuebebeau [3 likes]: I like this video BTW i reached 10k orders so grateful
  2. @therobkennedy [3 likes]: Awesome vid! I’m in origins and on track for my first 100K month. Keen to see more of this content when I join evolve!
  3. @samuelospina1205 [1 likes]: bro is dropping +75% Hook Rate Sauceee🔥🔥
  4. @cristian.daczo1 [1 likes]: Sick video , can you make a video about making Iterations of your best ads, like lets say you make a batch of ads and 1 ad performs well and the other 2 flop, what do you do next, I hear people say double down on what is working but how do you actually do that, what does that look like, please make a video about this🙏🙏
  5. @ramisalehi [1 likes]: Bro you don’t know how much I appreciate your videos. 
Please make more videos like this ❤
  6. @FilipJ99 [1 likes]: Best way I've seen to explain these types of hooks, thank you!!
  7. @FaizanMendhro [1 likes]: When we dropping the copywriting course? currently reading Kyle's book to get better at copy
  8. @spencerpawliw: 👉 Join Evolve ~ The #1 Community on Skool for eCom
https://www.skool.com/evolve-8484/about
  9. @magic6124: Пожалуйста 🙏 можете разрешить ютубу делать голосовой дубляж на русский язык. Я из Казахстана и говорю на русском и очень хотелось бы посмотреть ваше видео.
  10. @ernestobiko: Hi man, when you scale your meta ads, do you have a specific time when you do it? for example 1 am or 8-11 am, or just freestyle?
  11. @noahluemba8624: Great video!
  12. @Clawandgo: Hey bro that was full of value thanks!
  13. @davideabbate2856: Goat video, do you recommend using this is all ads or does it depend?
  14. @lewysrees9928: Thanks for this video spencer, really opened my mind and helped me complete a massive feedback loop. (PLEASE GO DEEPER IN ORGINS).
  15. @MuhammadAwais-j7f: The best vIdeo on Hooks I ever saw ,Great Tips to make GOOD Hooks , W 🐐
  16. @yuvalaharon6865: Love these. helped me doing better statics.
  17. @Glad.S7: great value
  18. @EggcomKenny: 🐐
  19. @david_ch3n: Very valuable info 🙏

- The SCROLL-HOOK-SCROLL Formula: Kind: captions Language: en scrolling is the new smoking yes hundred percent true scrolling is the new smoking in this video let's discuss about the psychology of scrolling and also the biological and psychological Concepts which makes you scroll and scroll and scroll and scroll and scroll [Applause] first of all first of all I am not at all against curly yes I am not because I myself have tried to bid this habit around hundreds and hundreds of times and sometimes I did well yeah sometimes I did well but couldn't really eradicate this habit fully and now I have accepted this as my part of life yes like it's like all other process it's like breathing drinking eating and now scrolling so yeah and this habit is going to stick around for an indefinite time so that's why I'm not against scrolling and now let's get back to our main concept scrolling so this scrolling is all the work of dopamine yes dopamine dopamine a neurotransmitter which works on the principle of instant gratification this neurotransmitter is released by the hypothalamus part of your brain whenever you seek any instant pleasure or an instant gratification or any instant reward from the activity which you are gonna do like smokers think that smoking a cigarette will give them instant pleasure and here the dopamine neurotransmitter is released and this wall came of smooth uh scrolling works on the one chemical which is dopamine you know what everyone wants kick in their life yes everyone want cake kick in the career in the relationship in the society kick in the job kick from the job and what not and this scrolling gives you an instant kick an instant kick of gratification and an instant kick of reward knowledge and whatnot and this Apparently one key leads to the another one the another kick list to the another one and another one quick leads to the another one another one another one leading to an addiction cycle where users are hooked in The Continuous Flow foreign [Music] psychology works on the two models which makes you hook the first one is uh the hook model and the second one is the action reward model so first of all let's discuss about the hook model so this model hooks You by using the four phases yes yes the first one is the first one of the phase is trigger second is action third is reward and fourth is investment so in the first phase which is X uh trigger here any activity any action or in Psychology terms we say it as any stimulus which triggers you which triggers your emotions like for example You Got a notification on your phone that this a pattern you posted a post on her Instagram then we come on the second stage which is action here you initiate the behavior like you got the notification and now you clicked on that notification and you saw the post here you initiated the behavior then comes the third phase which is reward here you get the reward for your behavior here you get the reward for your action like you found that post to be cute and you got a reward so this is what reward is and then comes the fourth phase which is investment here in this case you do some activity do some work to increase that behavior in the future so that you will be hooked like you click the like button on that post and now the company has got your data and you will be recommended such similar kinds of posts in the future congratulations my friend you are hooked and second one is the action reward model this model works on two variables first one is action second one is reward and it's a total total total work of document here it's like you initiate an action and within seconds you get a reward you get a reward and repeat repeat there is an infinite Loop for example you initiate an exam uh initiate an action you scroll through social media you get a reward you get each and every time new content then repeat trip it repeat there is an infinite Loop and yeah and when you endlessly endlessly scroll through social media then it rewards your brain every time yes every time it causes the release of the dopamine in response to a stimulus which is your fourth so the every photo of your celebrity crust the every dance reel of your celebrity crush acts as a kind of mini reward for your feedback system and you get more and more associated with that behavior you get that behavior gets stronger and stronger develop within you and of course you are end up getting hooked and you know what guys it's not like that app developers just tried and just made this algorithm or these two models no but there are teams big big teams of Behavioral scientists and uh psychologists working in the lab 24 7. keep you my friend hooked also also this wouldn't be possible if this process wasn't such easy it's so easy that you have to do nothing absolutely nothing you don't have to go out you don't have to get up from bed or even you don't even have to wear your clothes nothing just scroll scroll scroll reward reward reward and again scroll scroll scroll it's like you post a pic she likes your post you stalk her profile then somehow you end up watching the debate over Hindu versus Muslim to cat videos to how a 19 year old built his startup off on something around 900 million dollar to crawling is the new spoken you have vested an R happy scrolling guys happy scrolling okay guys thank you so much for watching this video till the variant and this video was specially dedicated for you my fellow subscribers who regularly watch my video but doesn't really get what I talk about like profile proof of stick so this was for All For You I just hope it made a something sense and it was worth your time and if yes then do share it and I'll see you in the next one

  Top Comments:
  1. @ayushjunankar4660 [2 likes]: Bhai ye kis line me aa gaye aap
  2. @subtleup [1 likes]: This video is specifically dedicated for you guys.. Thank you soo much for always extending your unconditional support...
❤️❤️❤️❤️
  3. @ash142k4 [1 likes]: For the Algorithm.
  4. @saloniganeshkar [1 likes]: I absolutely loved the biology part and ofc the whole video too .!
  5. @kasinadh5190: There is pantagruelian relevance for this content in our day n age! You have presented it well especially through the videos and texts! Kudos! 👏👏👏👏

Some people willingly and some  unconsciously stuck in the information limbo and the dopamine bursts they receive are at the price of small joys in small things of daily life. At this time of abudance of information available to the masses it's necessary to educate them on not only where to start but also where to stop,  as the secret of getting ahead is getting started , I believe the secret of staying infront is knowing when to stop. 

Once again Good Job Ram Bro!( A small suggestion to keep the camera little bit more close)Thank You for sharing your learnings and views! Cheers✨
  6. @margeshmadavi4659: Woww... Title and thumbnail are ..🔥🔥
I am sure that this video will be game changer for this channel.. 💪🔥😌
  7. @ojjasmadare3868: 👍👍👍👍bohot sahi
  8. @leviAckerman-hh2xq: Scrolling and smoking both are addictive
😅
  9. @sumitdolharkar465: Oh yeah going back to scrolling bbye👋
  10. @sumitdolharkar465: Don't know what to write so like our ancestors said "boom boom chika chika"
  11. @SumIt-dl2zf: I think COVID played a major role in that 😂
  12. @shud9849: Nice to see improved video quality 👍
  13. @lokeshrathod2786: Of course 50% of the information was already listened from other youtubers...
But listening such useful information from your own friend makes a positive impact...

Keep uploading videos on such topics in between which are both useful and easy to understand...
Video was truly nice!
  14. @alkawadgire1877: Great 👍
  15. @ramwankhade: For the algorithm...

- Give me 15 mins, and I'll make your hooks impossible to skip: Kind: captions Language: en Today we're talking about hooks. If you want your videos to perform better, you need to focus on leveling up your hooks. Now look, I've studied literally thousands of videos. And it turns out if your hooks are not working, there's only four mistakes you could be making. If you solve for these, your views will skyrocket immediately. So, in this video, I'm going to break all four of them down. These are the four hook mistakes holding back your videos with tactical examples and tips for how to fix each of them. By the way, I'm Callaway. I have a million followers. I've done billions of views. and content is all I do all day long. All right, now before I walk through the four main mistakes you're making with your hooks, let's just quickly talk about what a winning hook actually looks like. Understanding this one thing will help you a ton. Hooks really only have one job, to help a viewer decide to opt in and continue watching the video. The hook needs to stop the scroll and get the viewer to stay put. It's very simple. Now, in order to get the viewer to opt in and stay put, the hook only has to give them two things: topic clarity and ontarget curiosity. Topic clarity means the viewer has a crystal clear understanding of what the video is going to be about. And on target curiosity means that they believe the topic is for them. The video will give them some value and they have general curiosity on what comes next. So all the hook needs to do is drive those two points home. If you do this these two things, you win. I guarantee the viewer will be hooked. Now, of course, the million-dollar question is this. How do I make sure that every time I make a hook, the viewer gets those two things, topic clarity and ontarget curiosity? And this really is where the four horsemen hook mistakes come in. The reason bad hooks flop and don't deliver those two things is because you're making one or more of these four mistakes. If you fix all four of these, you'll be good to go. All right, the first hook mistake is called delay. And the good news is this one is the easiest one to fix. When I say delay, what I mean is that the context on what the video is going to be about is delayed too long in the video. If you were to visualize a script, let's say it has 13 lines and the third line is the first time you introduce the topic. This is delay because those first two lines are fluff and unnecessary details. You need to cut those first two lines, move the third line up to the top so your topic introduction can happen in the first 1 to 2 seconds. I often refer to this concept as speed to value. You want to increase the speed that the viewer can get to clarity or get to value. Here's an example of what bad delay looks like. Let's say you start your video with something like this. Guys, this is one of the craziest things I've ever seen. And when you see it, you're never going to believe it. That is an example of a legit hook that many people try to use when they're beginners. Now, in theory, this kind of sounds like it might be a good hook because it's building suspense and curiosity about what that thing is. You might hear that and wonder, "What did the creator see? I have to stick around to find out." But the problem with that sentence and generally hooks like this is that it gives me as the viewer zero context on what is coming next. A crazy thing you saw could be literally anything. So, if I have to decide with my time if I want to keep watching, I'm now unable to do it after just that sentence because I don't have the context. The typical chart for short form video retention looks like this. It's exponential decay. You see how steep those first two seconds are going down? That viewership falls off like a cliff. Every second you go without telling somebody what the video is about, so they have the information to decide to opt in, a large portion of your viewers are bouncing. Now, certain creators with these vague hooks are able to get some people to stay. If you look on Tik Tok specifically, it feels like these type of vague open-ended hooks work a lot. But the people that are staying are only staying because of how the creator looks, the emotion on the creator's face, or the text hook that they're putting on the screen. The spoken words actually add zero value to getting them to stay. So, it's not that these types of open-ended vague hooks can't ever work, it's just that they work way less often. So, to recap, hook problem number one is delay. And the fix is to stop delaying the introduction and the clarity of the context on the video. Use that first sentence in as few words as possible to give the context that the viewer needs to have to decide whether or not to opt in. An example of good rapid context would be something like this. Here are three simple ways to improve your gut health or if you have gut issues, these three remedies will help you immediately. If you get those hooks right away as the viewer, I know exactly what these videos are going to be about. Gut health and herbal remedies that can help me solve it. There is zero delay in the context and so I can opt in as soon as possible. All right, hook problem and mistake number two is confusion. And when I say confusion, what I really mean is comprehension loss. So, in this case, the viewer is just not understanding or comprehending what you're saying. At this point, you've eliminated the delay, which is good, but the words you're using or the phrasing of those sentences is just not clear and it's confusing the viewer. So, the problem here is really just a lack of clarity in your words. And the reason this is a problem is again, if the viewer can't assess if this video is actually for them because they're only understanding like half the words you say, then they have trouble deciding whether or not to opt in. Here's an example to illustrate exactly what I mean by lack of clarity and confusion. Imagine I started a hook like this. These guys built a $30 million empire and the online money they made is most difficult to earn if you don't develop a journaling practice like they did. And this is a bit exaggerated obviously. Few people actually talk like that, but you get the point of how difficult and confusing it was to actually parse through what I was trying to say. If you hear just that, you can kind of gather the video is going to be about an online business and maybe something to do with journaling, but you're really struggling to put the pieces together clearly because of the way I framed the sentence. And this is a classic clarity issue. Instead, for that exact same idea, you could write the hook like this. These guys built a $30 million empire and their secret for earning money online was their insane journaling practice. See how just changing the words slightly and the way the sentence is ordered makes it way easier to understand what I'm saying. Essentially, you as the viewer are able to absorb more of the words. Your hit rate for comprehension goes up and then confusion goes down. Now, the tactics for how to improve clarity is really about becoming a better writer. You want to use fewer words, but enough that the viewer can't misunderstand you. You want to use simpler words, ideally at a sixth grade reading level. And you want to use direct active voice instead of passive voice on the sentences so they're easier to understand. The dog jumped verse the jump of the dog. Here are two quick tips for immediately improving hook clarity and reducing confusion. For the first tip, you could just take the hook you've written and drop it into chatbt or claude with this prompt. I've written a hook for a short form video about X topic. I need help increasing the clarity and the framing of the sentences I used. I want the meaning to be the exact same, but can you rewrite this in a sixth grade reading level so that there's no misunderstanding from the viewer? This prompt will automatically remix and rewrite the hook for you. You could also just use sandcastle.ai, which is my AI scriptw writing tool. You just put the topic in and we'll write it for you in a very clear way. All right, the last tip for clarity proofing your hooks would be to do this. When you read just the hook, those one to two sentences in isolation without anything else. Ask yourself this question. Is it possible for the viewer to misunderstand what I'm saying in the wrong way? Is there more than one way these sentences could be interpreted? If so, rewrite the hook so that you eliminate those alternative understanding paths so there's only the one that you want. All right. Now, before I go on to the last two hook mistakes, and these ones really are the biggest, I just want to mention something. I think becoming a master at hooks is the single biggest lever you can pull if you're trying to get your content to perform better. Hooks are the 80 of the 8020 in the content flow. Now, if you want to become god tier at hooks and just write bangers every single time without thinking about it, I just filmed the most comprehensive training on short form hooks ever created. So, if you make Instagram reels, Tik Toks, LinkedIn shorts, YouTube shorts, this will feel like a cheat code for you. What I'm covering in this video right now, it's like 1 to 2% of the full hook playbook that I give in this training. In that training, I covered these things in depth. One, hook psychology. How do hooks actually work under the surface and manipulate viewers' brains? Two, what is my 10-minute cheat code hook framework? Literally a checklist that you can follow every single time you're going to write a hook that works without fail. And three, what are examples of good and bad hooks from 11 different categories and niches, breaking them down, analyzing why the good ones are good and why the bad ones are bad? I also built a full hooks database with over 400 different videos, deep tagging across hook format, strategy, visuals, text, audio, all the components. And I built a system for analyzing that database and then coming up with new hooks for yourself. I literally went out, found the best creators in every niche, extracted their top videos, analyzed their hooks, and then created frameworks and patterns in that database. I also in this training teach the full research method that I use to go look at other videos, extract their hooks. How do I actually do that? How do you find the top videos? I teach that whole thing. Like I said, my goal was to make this the undisputed god tier short form hooks resource. So, if you like the videos on my channel and most importantly the way I break things down and explain things, this training will be the best way to go from zero to 100 on short form hooks, you watch this and you'll be set. You can access it at the link here or in the description. All right, hook problem number three is irrelevance. And at this point, so far you have solved for the first two. So, you've eliminated delay and you've maximized the clarity, getting rid of the confusion so the viewer knows exactly what the video is going to be about. Problem number three, irrelevance means that the viewer is not confident that what's coming next in the video after the hook is going to be valuable enough to help them solve a problem. So, they know what the video is about, but they're unclear if it's relevant for them. Now, there are two easy ways to solve this problem. The first way is to say the word you or your instead of the words me or I when you're delivering the hook. Most people think you should make hooks like this. I've struggled with skin problems my whole life. The problem is this opens a door in the viewer's mind to question if they see themselves in the creator because they're thinking this, well, if you struggle with these problems, do I also struggle with the same problems you do? That's what they're questioning in their mind. If the viewer doesn't see themsel in the creator for a number of different reasons, they're going to put less value in the incoming solution, and they'll stop watching. This is the irrelevance problem. The viewer doesn't feel like what's coming next will be relevant for them. So, to solve this problem, all you have to do is frame your hooks using you and your. So instead of saying, "I've struggled with skin problems my whole life," you say, "If you've struggled with skin problems your whole life," dot dot dot. When you do this, the viewer feels like the video is targeted for them. There's no possible question or misunderstanding because you're saying it's for you for your problems. And this makes the viewer hold on longer for the hook. Now, the second way to solve for the relevance problem is to frame your hooks around expected value. There are two types of videos: entertainment and education. Both of these offer solutions to a painoint. That solution is value. Entertainment offers a solve for boredom. Education offers a solve for a specific problem. If you want your hook to feel more relevant for your viewer, all you have to do is agitate a painoint that they already have so that you can tee up a solution that is for them. For example, can you tell the difference between these two hooks? The first one is these are three common trends in skincare. And the second one is if you struggle with acne, try these three things. Learning about trends in skincare is a nice to have. Solving my acne problem is a need to have. So, if you frame the hook around a known painoint and you deliver it using you and your instead of me and my, the video will seem more targeted for the viewer and it will hook them more. Okay, the last hook problem number four is disinterest. And this is the one that most people fixate on the most. At this point, the viewer is clear on the topic, believes there is some relevance or value incoming for them, but the hook still just doesn't grab them enough. This is the curiosity problem. The hook just doesn't make the viewer curious enough to want to keep watching. So, what you want to do in the hook to solve the disinterest problem is build a curiosity loop. And everybody talks about curiosity loop, but nobody ever explains what it is. A curiosity loop is when the viewer sees something, asks a hypothetical question in their mind, gets some additional context to answer it, but that spurs a new question, more context, new question, more context, and so on. They keep opening loops throughout the entire video. That's what a curiosity loop really is. So, your job in the hook is to open that initial curiosity loop and start the spiral. What is that initial question that the viewer has where they can't look away? They just have to wait for more context to answer it. So, the $10 million content question really is this. How do you always drive curiosity and build that curiosity loop every single time, no matter what type of video you're making? And the way you do this is by setting up contrast or comparison in the hook. Contrast is simply the distance between the current common belief of the viewer and some contrarian or alternative perspective that you offer. So, for example, if I say in the hook, this one trick will clear up all your acne in 45 minutes without any side effects. What I'm really doing is creating a comparison in your mind to the current baseline. You got to wait 6 months, take Accutane, go through all these side effects versus my contrarian offer, 45 minutes, no side effects, quick solve. That distance is contrast. What happens when you do this in the viewer subconscious is that when you frame a comparison, A something they know and B something they don't, B triggers the sticky pain point they have from A not solving their pain. And so essentially that comparison acts as a reagitator of that painoint which gets them curious because they want to solve it. To simplify all this, if you're not following what I'm saying, it's A versus B. A is what they already believe. B is some alternative that you're suggesting that makes their pain point solved faster, better, or cheaper. Now, getting good at learning how to create this contrast with words is really the secret to driving curiosity whenever you want. It's honestly the secret to storytelling at a macro level. Now, I'm not going to go too deep into exactly how to build this contrast and curiosity because it really does differ for every scenario. But what I will say is this, there are two types of contrast. Implied contrast and stated contrast. Stated contrast is when you share verbally both A and B explicitly. So, for example, saying something like this, "Most people solve their acne with Accutane, but I have an herbal remedy that does it three times faster." You're stating Accutane verse herbal remedy, so it's impossible to miss what that contrast is. The other type of contrast, which is way more subtle, is implied. And in this case, you say what the contrarian alternative is, but you don't reference the base because it's implied. People know what the base solution is. So for example, if I say if you want to solve your acne, this herbal supplement is eight times more effective. If the common viewer already knows what the baseline solutions are, nothing, Accutane, whatever they are, then you don't need to say it again because it's implied what their baseline understanding is. Essentially, it's your contrarian take versus the field of all other options. So you really have two options to create the contrast. You can go stated, which is way more blunt, A versus B, impossible to misunderstand, or you can go implied, which is a little bit more savvy and you don't really call it out specifically. Now, tactically, when you're writing hooks, typically the topic clarity comes in the first sentence, and then you set up that contrast in the following one to two sentences. This is why I consider hooks to really be like two to three lines. They're not always just a single punchy line. Sometimes you can achieve the clarity and the contrast all together in one line. And if you can, those are the easiest hooks that you can reuse. Again, if you want the full master class on how to do this tactically, and you want a bunch of examples of good and bad across every niche, and you also want a checklist to just follow every time you make hooks, I have that all in the hooks master class. It's linked below. All right, guys. That is all I've got for this video. As a recap, we covered the four main hook mistakes that you're making that are preventing your videos from outperforming. Those mistakes are delay, confusion, irrelevance, and disinterest. As always, please leave a comment below if you like this video, and just in general for feedback. I'm always reading the comments, trying to take those and improve. So, if this gave you value and you liked it or didn't like it, please leave a comment and let me know. And remember guys, there is a ton of free stuff in the description. I'm literally just giving away the answers for content. Please check the description. If you're struggling with any of these pain points, there's always something in the description to help you. And lastly, one more thing. If you're a business owner and you really want help improving your content, I created a free community of only entrepreneurs and creators. There's over 22,000 people in there that are all helping each other get better. There's a bunch of free trainings. It's called Wavy World. I got a free invite for you in the description if you want to join that. It's the easiest way to get started. All right, with that, we will see you guys on the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @kallawaymarketing [64 likes]: For everyone trying to purchase the Hooks Masterclass recording. This is the original registration page: https://lu.ma/sfa-hooks The first sentence under "About Event" is a link to purchase the recording.

Here is the direct link to purchase the recording: https://buy.stripe.com/5kQ8wP3xYdRq5fW4tK6wE08
  2. @bigmtnman2012: Is it just me or when he said don’t delay with unwanted fluff. Then he said he has over a million followers. When you can plainly see he has 386k in subs. He has got good ideas but Am i the only one that caught this
  3. @Reminder_reminder123: That is insanely useful! Very clear! and good luck to every creators!!
  4. @ALLFITARENA: Hit more on the irrelevant. Thank you
  5. @Hookshare: Brilliant breakdown. The point about treating the first second as an audition is bang on — most creators write the hook they hope works and post it. The ones who consistently win are the ones who treat every hook as a hypothesis to test. Saving this one.
  6. @massimo.trades: Thx for your advices 🤍
  7. @ShawnWic: Bro the hands is crazy work 🧐 who’s your leader??
  8. @kavithashekar8751: This was killer. Thank you very much!!!!
  9. @CortesdeouroTV: !!
  10. @وكفى_بالله_وكيلاً_8: لماذا لاتوجد دبلجه بلغة العربية
  11. @thee.zaraa0: Hey can someone explain me 4th point i cant understand
  12. @princessriley3335: Statistics
  13. @Gregorymalcollm: Cara que legal, vou continuar te acompanhando e te conheci por esse vídeo e me identifiquei demais com o jeito que você se organiza porque eu sou assim também muito obrigado❤
  14. @Vexus_Blox: 6:21
  15. @Krishbusinessinsight: Thanks bro ❤
  16. @AdviserLK: Thank you mate, your content has really helped me out
  17. @AweakanStar: omg thank you i watched a lot of viedeos but you are differnt you helped me a lot
  18. @Banana_025: Top😊
  19. @donathewriter: Hey is this guy AI ?
  20. @XanderBelarmino: Also the hand gestures has effects

- Why scrolling on social media is addictive: Kind: captions Language: en -Are you scrolling? It's probably how you found this video. How long you watch the video, how many likes, comments, shares, influences what you see. -Travel pillows? We've been wearing them the wrong way. -Shut up. -Although what you do on social media may seem insignificant to your overall wellbeing, it does matter. -You twist the seasoning bottle, not shake it. -You twist it! -Well, social media has essentially taken human connection and turned it into a drug by distilling it down to the essential properties that make something addictive. -For others, social media has been a place where they found lost family members, organ donors... -So if you have a boat. -...meaningful life events that have happened around the world. But cellphones and social media are so deeply connected to every aspect of our lives... -TikTok taught me. -...our work, family, school that most experts say we can't easily quit. ♪♪ And to understand why social media is so addictive, we have to look into how our brain works. The brain controls thought, memory, emotion, along with all the five senses and every process that regulates our body. All those tasks are performed by pathways where the brain sends messages to the nervous system, and the nervous system sends messages back. We'll focus on the brain's reward system. Here is where dopamine is mostly produced, a type of neurotransmitter, also called a feel-good hormone. That is sent to four pathways. One of those is the mesolimbic dopamine pathway, which is connected to the amygdala and the hippocampus. The first processes emotion, while the latter is essential for learning and memory. Too much or too little dopamine affects how we learn, get motivated, our mood, attention, our heart rate, and many other behaviors and physical functions. And this is where studies show the addictiveness of social media. -When we engage with social media, it releases a lot of dopamine in the brain's reward pathway, lights up the same part of the brain as drugs and alcohol. It's incredibly accessible. We have 24/7 access to this particular drug. It's bountiful in the sense that it's, practically speaking, infinite. TikTok never runs out. And number four, it's incredibly novel. The AI algorithms learn what we've liked before and actually push to us the suggestion that we want to keep going or check out the next new new thing. -In late May, the surgeon general put out an advisory about the effects of social media on youth mental health. He highlighted adolescence and childhood as a critical stage in brain development and that young people are more at risk when they're spending too much time on social media. -The bottom line is we don't have enough evidence to say that this is, in fact, sufficiently safe for our kids. What we have instead is growing evidence that tells us that social media use is often associated with harms to our kids. And my growing concern is that social media has become an important contributor to that youth mental health crisis. -But how do you explain this to teenagers? 18-year-old Mariana Myers tried to do just that. She animated a visual essay named Nomophobia, or "no mobile phobia," for her English class in Arizona on what it looks when you're addicted to social media. -The idea of the video was kind of a cautionary tale as to saying how technology, smartphones in particular and social media, can be great. It can be a great tool, a way to connect, but it can also lead to overuse, and overuse can lead to a lot of negative consequences. -Myers' video is now part of a lawsuit in her home school district, which is suing Meta, Snapchat, TikTok and YouTube for creating what they say is a health crisis among America's youth. Although similar lawsuits have been filed across the country, like in California and Washington, access to social media is everywhere. Dr. Lembke says moderation is key. She then recommends a dopamine fast and to become aware of the three C's -- control, compulsion, and consequences. -If we're using in an out-of-control way, if we're using in an automatic, compulsive way that we can't stop even when we want to, and if we're having consequences as a result of our use, we really have to take a hard look at that behavior, try to make a change. -Similar to what Miles Crawford and Charlene deGuzman show in their short documentary, "I Forgot My Phone."

  Top Comments:
  1. @IshitaGhai-b1w4c [2 likes]: This video really makes you think about how social media affects us 🔥 The way addiction and mental health are explained is eye-opening… definitely something everyone should be aware of 💯📱🧠
  2. @cactusnpc1 [1 likes]: Ödevden gelenler kimler😂
👇
  3. @lazarusblackwell6988 [1 likes]: If there was something to do in this backwoods village i WOULD do it.

And if i had the money to be out every day and week i WOULD.

For me,internet is a CHEAP way to spend my day.

Life is hard people.

Use your heads.
  4. @thelyon3791 [1 likes]: Social media is a drug The same as gambling drinking smoking
  5. @jerzyrudkowski4016 [1 likes]: When you're with your smartphone and on your own, you're not entirely on your own- when with others, you're not entirely with others. So smartphones separate us both from ourselves and from others. Devilish device.
  6. @limitless1692 [1 likes]: This is a worst problem that it is shown in this video.
Digital ptatforms like Youtube, Tiktok and more are designed to be addictive
Even scrolling is simmilar to a slot machine...
Digital platforms are designed from the ground up to be extremely addictive!!!
  7. @kkjkashe2580: I want to share a personal experience with you. Maybe it might help someone.

A few days ago, I realized that I had developed a really bad habit of using Facebook. I wouldn’t even notice when, during work, I would automatically pick up my phone and open Facebook. Many times, I would wake up at night just to go to the bathroom, check the time on my phone, and before I knew it, I had opened Facebook and gotten lost in scrolling for hours.

It also happened frequently in the office. I would receive an important call or need to forward an urgent message to someone. I would pick up my phone for that specific task, but the moment the phone came into my hand, I would unconsciously open Facebook and start scrolling. Then another call would come asking why I still hadn’t forwarded the message.

This problem was affecting me a lot, so I came up with a solution. I put an app lock on Facebook and chose a very long password. I used the letters from A to P — ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOP — as the password.

Now, whenever I picked up my phone out of habit and tried to open Facebook, it would not open immediately. First, I had to type the entire long password. Many times, while typing A, B, C, D, I would suddenly realize, “What am I doing? I’m in the office. I should focus on my work.”

Over time, I also realized that this was actually an addiction. Sometimes I would continue typing the password almost to the end, but before completing it, I would become aware of what I was doing and stop myself from opening Facebook.

So, if someone is struggling with social media or Facebook addiction, they can try this trick. Put a long and difficult password on the app that you repeatedly open unconsciously. That small barrier can interrupt the automatic habit, and those few extra seconds may give you enough time to think again before opening the app.
  8. @SergejShishkin: Sorry, but you didn't explain WHY social media is addictive
  9. @manalsalad: 👍
  10. @MasoodMasadBoxing: The biggest threat to American homeland security is social media companies, media companies, news stations and those who own them.
  11. @helenooft9664: I see how people dont communicate wutg each other, but both are on there phone, it is awful. They dont speak with each other, and sometimes, they dont hear each other. I dont want to be in such a house, and believe me, we all know, that is in 98 % of the homes, like that.
When you at home, phone out, and be yourself as before the phone and social media was in your house.
  12. @lazarusblackwell6988: Its way easier to quit social media addiction when you have something to LEAN ON afterwards (such as real friends)

What can people lean on if they DONT HAVE any real friends?

What is there for them to do with their time?
  13. @nicoplayzeverything6092: I searched for this video
  14. @1133-s8k: God is real!
  15. @pearljam_1: F u bezos
  16. @vanitaŕeed-h4o: this is good information
  17. @stephena.8193: No offense, but was the narrator some type of DEI hire of an ESL speaker with a speech impediment? Even youtube's caption AI is having trouble....
  18. @Dave-mm5ge: Not even a minute in and he's pre-programming your brain to believe that social media is good because it brings organ donors and families together. Right off the bat when you're watching this video you're going to be programmed to think oh so it is good thing. This video is a wolf in sheep's clothing
  19. @DaisyNyaberi: I found an app that lets me play the role of Dj - Vertical Player 

Whether you want a playlist of short videos, or memorable photos that you can embed music in or just audio, you are covered 

Who misses the retro music players like the Vinyl record s player, the Mp3/iPod?

Anyways, without AI, I can anticipate and jump on breaks at the conclusion of the playlist after enjoy more relevant media in place of endless social media crap
  20. @joyjoJ4ever: Ban the apps simple

- When Every Hook Misses | Franco journey: Kind: captions Language: en Franco is probably the most toxic tank in all of Mobile Legends. Moon, inspired by the hero Pudge from Dota 2, brought Franco into Mobile Legends. Fun fact, the first generation of this hero looked much more like Pudge. And after the revamp, he became the Franco we know today. But what makes him toxic? Hooking buffs. Oops, not that buff. The hook plus flicker combo. Even the flicker plus ultimate combo. Franco's skills are very simple. Fury Shock happens with just one click. Bloody hunt also happens with just one click. And then the hardest one, the game changer, iron hook. So you open the game, start a match, and pick Franco, but you just miss the hooks. You miss, you miss, you miss, and you miss again. So what's the trick? I watched all the YouTube videos about Franco with those fancy thumbnails talking about tricks. But the reality is there is no secret trick for hooks. And then the idea for this video came to my mind when every hook misses. So I dedicated an entire week to Franco. It was a mix of losses and wins. And I was just looking for one answer. What makes someone a pro Franco player? During the first two days, the most important thing I learned was don't expect too much from your first game of the day. You need to warm up. And to warm up, you just need to miss the hooks. After every missed hook, change your angle and try again and again. Probably the next hook will be the one that lets you spam recall. After 2 or 3 days of playing Franco, I hadn't figured out much. So, I told myself, "How do the pros play with Franco? Do they have any special tricks?" So, I went and watched tournament games like MPL and MSC. And let me tell you something, a pro Franco is terrifying. So terrifying that in the MSC 2022 finals, the team RSG Philippines banned Franco in all four games. But why? What makes Franco so scary? Let's watch some of the best Franco moments from tournaments together. [Music] fight. What the heck? Iron Hook. [Applause] >> After watching the tournament matches, I was sure there is no special trick for Franco's hook. Even pro players miss their hooks. But I did learn some tips that can make you a better and more toxic Franco and maybe even improve your hooking skills to help you win all games with Franco. Well, not all of them, but most of them. Buff Hunter. In the early game, try to delay the enemy jungler's farm or even steal it. Sometimes you might go for the wrong buff, miss your hook, or even die. But don't give up. Just be as toxic as possible. Bush predator. Don't underestimate bushes. Bushes are one of the best places for cooking. Just be patient, focus, and predict your opponent's next movement before you hook. You might fail the first few times, but I promise after that, you won't want to leave the bushes. Psycho run. You miss the hook? No problem. Just be toxic and use the flicker plus ultimate combo. Run at the enemy like a psycho. Flicker first, then ultimate. And if you haven't used your hook yet, throw it right after to extend the stun duration and consider them dead. But be careful. The enemy might also have flicker or even a skill that can stop you like Melissa's ultimate. Franco's ultimate can be cancelceled easily with any stun. But there's a trick that can save you. And what's that? Yes, the holy item, Winter Crown. If you're in a situation where your ultimate might be canceled, right after clicking your ultimate, use freeze to secure your team's kill. Just make sure to do it quickly or else. Psycho's bestie. Franco's best partner is flicker. You can use the hook plus. Flicker combo in two ways. First and easier, hook your target first, then flicker toward your tower or teammates. Second and harder. When you want to hook, but the enemy is too far, hook first, then quickly flicker forward to reach them. This one is tricky and you'll probably mess it up. the first few times, just like I did in my first days with this hero. I swear if Harley hadn't killed him, that one would have been my hook. But after lots of tries, I finally landed a few. And I know you'll subscribe for that alone. Psycho build. If you check pro Franco builds, there's one common item, fleeting time. Use this alongside red ro. Even if you do nothing just by being near fights and your teammates, the passive will give you assists. Every kill or assist reduces your ultimate cool down by 30%. Letting you use the flicker plus ultimate combo much more often. For the full build, use these items, but feel free to adjust depending on the match. For emblems based on pro build, you can use either support or tank. I personally prefer support, but if your team needs you to front line more, go for tank instead for custom emblems. Use agility to increase your movement speed and walk more like a psycho. Use this small hourglass called pull yourself together to make your flicker and active items like freeze or wind of nature recharge 12% faster plus an extra 1% faster per kill or assist up to eight stacks. And for the last slot, use concussive blast to deal more damage. Congratulations. You're now ready to become a truly toxic Franco. But wait, there's still one last step. And guess what? Recall. Never forget after every successful hook. Just spam recall. That's how you look even more toxic. Just make sure it doesn't end up like this at the very end. And with that, let's wrap up this video with a montage of the hooks I landed during my oneweek Franco challenge. Heat. Heat. Heat up here. Heat. Heat. N.

  Top Comments:
  1. @parhamNademi [6 likes]: This is the best Franco video I’ve ever seen. This guy needs more subs.
  2. @BishyajoySarkar [3 likes]: I just wanna say when you do the hook and flicker combo sometimes you just flicker but the enemy doesn't get hooked so a quick tip if you hook someone there will be a sound of something getting stucked and than use flicker which kinda saves wastage of flicker
  3. @KhanKhav7 [3 likes]: Very fun video and I didn't realize I watch your ling video first too. You got a sub ❤
  4. @EpicMLs [3 likes]: Keep up the great editing skills! ❤ I love how you edited this vid, you can see that it you gave much effort for this.
  5. @abdulrahmanalobidan9789 [2 likes]: dude please dont stop now thats my fav channel <3
  6. @priyanshusardar2934 [2 likes]: Great vid. ❤
  7. @gablangmalakas549 [1 likes]: You can try cooldown reduction build, like Oracle, war axe, fleeting time magic boots dragon spear etc. that's what I use, and for the emblem I use support for cooldown reduction and for the others just other cooldown reduction
  8. @KyrstHooks [1 likes]: Franco!
  9. @KlarmanEngleng [1 likes]: I'm gonna watch every mlbb  content creator tonight their full videos and will unsubscribe them!!!  If they have time to reply than i will subscribe again ASAP. Let's play
  10. @jesseglenncatcatan6062: That layla has the irl name of me
  11. @Abdou-ben.: So the main question is which recal should i use with franco ?
  12. @shinrabenimaru-l4k: Please do Roger next
  13. @moba_furina: Playing Franco is so satisfying even if i lose,  the hooks i made makes me happy all day 😂😂 and stealing lord and buff is next level satisfaction
  14. @welpwelp1350: Bro forgot the most important part of franco's kit, hook angle's

When an opponent is running away close to a wall, it's pretty much guaranteed a hook will hit if you are chasing at the back with an angle. The only way to dodge this is a flicker. Even a step back will kill them since you'll be near enough for an ult.

Also, for items, francos 3 best friends are winter crown, fleeting time, and cursed helmet. He is a hero who deals HP based damage. With helmet giving hp, dmg, and penetrative all at once, it is his perfect partner. 

Last emblem and spell: support emblem gives franco that movement speed and cdr true, but it's not enough, tank is actually better for him since it give him damage through hp and sustain early game for said trolling ganks.

Franco has 2 spells that are perfect for him, flicker and sprint. Yes, sprint, this gives him the early aggression potential to survive or kill on buffs, and the scare factor of him just running straight to ult you. Believe it or not, it works better than flicker, which is only viable 70% of the time if your good.

- VIDEO BGTP  The 1 in 20 Success Hook: Kind: captions Language: en Did you know that only 1 in 20 small and medium-sized business owners actually achieve a maximum value exit? That means 95% are leaving their legacy and their wealth on the table. They put their lives into their business, but they can't cash out. The problem? The knowing-doing gap. Most advisors can tell an owner what's wrong, but they don't have tools to show them how to fix it. The Business Growth Transformation Program is the how-to playbook library. It's the discipline you need to set owners up for that rare maximum value exit. We provide the processes to make businesses scalable, saleable, and independent of the owner. That is the key to value acceleration. Don't just be another consultant who plans exits. Be a business growth coach who actually makes them happen. Are you ready to lead the 1 in 20? Visit mexit.ca or email info@mexit.ca to learn more.

- How To Become A Master Storyteller: Kind: captions Language: en today we're talking about storytelling if you want your content to perform better you need to learn how to tell better stories so in this video I'm going to walk through my six favorite storytelling techniques that will massively improve your content after watching this I guarantee you will think differently about the way you write scripts and make videos by the way I'm Callaway I've pulled over a billion views on short form video I've got 500,000 followers and I think about this stuff all the time all right let's dive in tip number one is what I call the dance all great stories are like a dance between context and conflict you give a little context the characters on a mission they're doing something and then oh oh no here comes a conflict you give a little bit more context the characters have solved that first conflict they're on their way and then oh oh no another conflict this dance is how you keep the viewer locked in it could be a feature film or a short form video the dance is always there now why does this work conflicts create open Loops in the brain and then context helps close those Loops the best explanation I've ever seen for how to tactically implement this dance idea is from Matt Stone and Trey Parker they're the ones who created South Park they were giving a talk at NYU watch this we found out this really simple rule that maybe you guys have all heard before but it took us a long time to learn it but we can take these beats which are basically the Beats of your outline and if the words and then belong between those beats you're basically you got you got something pretty boring what should happen between every beat that you've written down is either the word therefore or but right so so what I'm saying is that you come up with an idea and it's like okay this happens right and then this happens no no no it should be this happens and therefore this happens but this happens therefore this happens and that as soon as we are able to and literally sometimes we'll we'll write it out to make sure we're doing it U we'll we'll have our beats and we'll say okay this happened but then this happens and that affects this and that does to that and that's why you get a show that feels like okay this to that to this to that but this here's the complication to that so tactically it's as simple as using the words but and therefore consistently throughout your script that will create those open conflict Loops if you're using the words and then it'll feel like you're piling on detail after detail after detail and the viewer will lose interest now let's quickly take a look at one of my best performing videos you'll notice there are four but then conflict Loops in the first 30 seconds watch this something crazy is happening with Stanley Cups you ever seen one of these Stanley Cups Stanley Cups Stanley Cup racking up 6.7 billion views this 40 o Stanley quencher has become the Louis Vuitton of drink wear it's a status symbol new releases are selling out in seconds people are flipping them for hundreds on eBay Stanley the company 10x its Revenue in 4 years off this single product but the real question is how' they do it how did Stanley Cups go from a construction worker's thermos to the dream Christmas gift I got a Stanley it's a wild story so in 2019 Stanley was actually about to discontinue the cup but this group of mom block loggers the buy guide knew they were making a huge mistake so they cut a special affiliate deal with Stanley to bulk order 5,000 cups with a Twist Stanley had to make them pastel colors those 5,000 cups sold out in 5 days and completely Chang their philosophy on design but it gets even better a few months ago Stanley had the burning car moment so I'm consistently setting up these head fakes to keep the storyline moving use this but then framework next time you're Ting a script I guarantee it'll uplevel that video all right tip number two is rhythm I talk about this a lot but there's this natural subconscious pacing and Rhythm that is soothing to the brain you can hear in my delivery I'm pretty decent with this like natural EB and flow the rhythm of the syllables when I talk is soothing to listen to now I used to be a rapper and I was a drummer Growing Up So this pacing and rhythm is kind of embedded in me which I think is why I'm naturally good at talking in this way but I do have this tactical way that can improve anyone else at Rhythm take a look at this image which was written by the legendary author Gary Provost now listen as I read this this sentence has five words here are five more words five-word sentences are fine but several together become monotonous listen to what is happening this writing is getting boring the sound of it drones it's like a stuck record the ear demands some variety now listen I vary the sentence length and I create music music the writing sings it has a pleasant Rhythm a lilt a Harmony I use short sentences and I use sentences of medium length and sometimes when I'm certain the reader is rested I will engage him with a sentence of considerable length a sentence that burns with energy and builds with all the impotence of a crescendo the roll of the drums the crash of the symbols sounds that say listen to this it is important so write with a combination of short medium and long sentences create a sound that pleases the reader's ear don't just write words write music you see how when all the sentences in the same row are about the same length it creates this monotonous predictability subconsciously people get turned off by this this is what makes them churn to the next video what you want is to use a variety of sentences and syllable combinations to create this unpredictable Rhythm now if you look at my script document I write every sentence on a separate line if you look straight down it'll look like a jagged edge and that confirms that I'm using different length sentences next time you're writing a script try to look for this if you see your document and all the sentences seem to end at around the same point you don't have enough diversity and it will feel like this monotonous plotting all right lesson three is tone the most successful creators in every discipline are the ones with the most conversational Tone It really feels like you're right in the room with them Emma Chamberlain ascended to stardom so quickly because she was naturally amazing at this Casey iats another one that's really good at this when you watch his videos and you listen to him talk it feels like he's right in the room with you now the person I learned from most about this was Steve Jobs if you watch his original keynote from the first iPhone launch in 2008 he is amazing at creating this conversational room like you and him are just golf buddies shooting the now this is very intentional and took years of practice for him to hone in he's also very gifted at it by doing this Emma Casey Steve and others are able to break down that conscious barrier of personal identity when you watch instead of you questioning to yourself am I getting sold to you get out of your own mind and just feel like you're in a conversation like you would have to answer a question that they ask you directly in a way you forget where you are and that's the magic of this now I'm still working on this myself I've only been making content for like 18 months but if you go back to my first 50 videos it really does feel like I'm talking at you instead of with you the best tactical way to get better than this other than just 100 reps is to write and film your videos as if you're talking to one close friend if you have to just print out a picture of them and tape it on the bottom of your camera lens so you're literally looking at them as you record and when you write your scripts make it so like you're typing a text or recording an audio note directly to them over time you'll get better at this conversational nature but it will feel like you're having a one-on-one conversation that's how you break down this barrier tone is one of those things that inevitably you will get better over time the more you film The more you forget that the camera is just a camera all right tip number four is Direction this may seem counterintuitive but the best place to start when you're writing a story is the end figure out what the end is going to be and then work backwards from there I like to call the last line of my script the last dab because I want it to be so memorable that if that's all someone heard they'd be willing to share it with a friend in short form video especially the video is designed to Loop so the last line is actually a setup for the first lines as it replays I think of this a lot like baseball the nine hitter is supposed to set the table for the top of the order it's the exact same thing with the last line or two of your video when you're thinking about how to write the script script focus on where you want to take the viewer what do you want to leave them with what do you want the last thing they hear to be then you can work backwards from there and build up that dance in the middle when I think about someone that does this super well it's Christopher Nolan think about his films tenant Inception Interstellar these are extremely complicated plot lines that inevitably he had to work out the end before he could build up the conflict in the middle now you're probably not shooting feature films but this same logic can be applied to all types of content usually when I'm writing scripts I'll write the first and last line I'll go in between create a bunch of space and then I'll fill it in that's a good tactical way to try to get better at this all right tip number five is a concept that I call story lenses and it's a way to get better at producing unique content for social media in today's day and age finding a cool topic is not enough unless you're super niched down there's likely dozens of other people that are talking about that same topic so how do you differentiate a story lens is your unique angle or spin on a particular story imagine a beam of light the beam of light's coming across the screen the naked beam everyone looks at and sees the same thing it's like this white beam of light but as as soon as you put a lens or a prism in front of the light what people see will look differently than the main beam think of that prism or that lens as your story lens it's your unique fingerprint and how you uniquely tell the story about that topic let's take an example when Taylor Swift went to the Super Bowl the most common lenses would have been to talk about what she's wearing or when she's getting there or what her facial reaction is to something a lot of people covered those exact same stories a less common lens would be to talk about a prediction for what you think might happen less people would have have that but an even less common lens would be to talk about the business impact that she was driving on the NFL for being at the game and that's the lens that I chose to take because I thought I could be a category of one that's why I ultimately made this video and it pulled a million views it was different my story lens was something unique that people hadn't seen before all right the last tip number six is the hook now I left this for last because everybody always talks about the hook first and it makes sense it is very important if people churn on the hook the rest of what I talked about doesn't really matter so I've got two ways to level up your hooks the first is that your first line should be as Punchy and as indicative of the plot as possible if the video is about your best Garden techniques the hook should be some derivative of these are the best Garden techniques for x or I've got these Garden techniques or this thing is a garden technique that you should study you shouldn't start your hook with some open opaque line like wait till you see this or you're never going to believe this because if the first line doesn't immediately grab the viewer in short form video You're Dead the second point on hooks that's extremely powerful and something I overlooked for a long time is that visual hooks are 10 times more more effective than Audio Only hooks what does this mean when you're on the screen and you're saying something but the only thing the viewer can see is your mouth moving and maybe the captions dancing that's going to be way less effective than if you put a visual on the screen for them to look and react to because people's eyes perceive faster than their ears can hear so you want to complement what you're saying with a visual on the screen this is a visual hook somebody that's really good at this is my friend Kevin from epic gardening if you watch his videos he immediately shows a visual that confirms what what he's talking about like this one about strawberries before I hear anything he says I see a strawberry on the screen it's Vivid red immediately I know this video is going to be about strawberries if I like strawberries I'm going to stick around to see what he's saying now I've started testing this and I've noticed the visual hook aspect has been super helpful at retaining viewers so in summary when you're thinking about your hook get to the point and show while you tell all right that's it for this one if you like this video and got value from it I host a free community for people that are trying to level up their content creators entrepreneurs marketers it's called Wavey world I've got all types of vide like this how to pick content topics editing tips how to create formats and series if you need content to help improve your business or build your personal brand you should be in there it's completely free in the meantime keep me posted on what you thought of this video and we'll see you guys on the next one peace

  Top Comments:
  1. @kallawaymarketing [104 likes]: Get my free guide on how to make viral videos (1M+ followers, 1B+ views): https://viralityblueprint.com
Try my AI scriptwriting tool (idea to script in 60 seconds): https://sandcastles.ai
  2. @financesimplied2004: Incredible ❤❤
  3. @GoldCoastupdate: Thank you, this is what I needed to watch .
I use Ai for my script but it feels robotic so I started making some research on how to read about a topic and narrate it and make it more friendly and your video actually did all the work 😅
  4. @NuruPet: You know the storytelling is good when in the stanley cup example I forgot I was watching a video about storytelling🤣
  5. @jakefrosher: Great vid 💯
  6. @SoulNarrator77: best video
  7. @vijay_yejare: Best point - short, medium and large sentences create musical flow... A new learning for me and i will apply.. Thanks 🙌
  8. @isaikyoda: You don't waste the viewer's time. Love that.
  9. @HiddenTales-1-l6: Amazing video! 🔥
I recently started a storytelling channel called Hidden Tales — mysteries, true stories & funny tales.
Support from this amazing community means everything 🙌❤
  10. @SushmaDevi-n9x8y: this is super helpful, gonna practice storytelling now
  11. @Kashish-k5p6: never thought about it this way, thanks!
  12. @clisthenis: wow i learned a lot from this, really cool
  13. @KhatanaMunazar: Is there a rule of thumb for how long context should last before the first “but”? My LongStories ai episodes sometimes wait 40 seconds to pivot.
  14. @AnujGamer-v6s: great tips, gonna try these out for my next story
  15. @tuongvyduong4691: I am Vietnamese, and after watching your videos, I feel like my thinking has completely changed. Everything has opened up, exploded. I will definitely watch all your videos and practice them. I'm leaving this comment here as a sincere and heartfelt thank you. Thank you very much.
  16. @AlvaroOlivero-x8d: i love how you make it so relatable, great tips
  17. @KaushlendraK-g3u: Realizing my hooks fail because I start with context. In Teract AI I’m going to move the conflict up front, then backfill.
  18. @LovelyCheckers-zf4ho: just what i needed to improve my skills 🙌
  19. @NaviKhan-z5l: thanks for breaking it down, i feel inspired
  20. @امیرموحدی-ط1ظ: this is super interesting, never thought about storytelling like this

- 10 Proven Video Hooks to Grab Your Audience's Attention: Kind: captions Language: en Video hooks are an essential element of any successful video. They're the first thing viewers see and hear, and they set the tone for the rest of the content. So without further ado, let's dive into the list of the 10 best hooks the teaser hook. This type of hook is designed to create suspense and curiosity and gives viewers a taste of what's to come leaving them wanting more. To the question hook asking a question and your video hook is a great way to engage viewers and get them thinking. Three the statistic hook using a surprising or shocking statistic can grab viewers attention and make them want to keep watching to find out more for the emotional hook. This type of hook appeals to viewers emotions whether it's through a heartwarming story or a very dramatic message. Five the personal story hook. Sharing a personal story or experience can help viewers relate to your content and feel more connected to you. Six the humorous hook. If you're looking to lighten the mood and make viewers smile using a funny hook is a great way to do that. Seven The scenic cook showcasing beautiful or breathtaking visuals in your video hook can immediately capture viewers attention at the testimonial hook. Using a customer or expert testimonial as your video hook can add credibility and authenticity to your content. Nine the action hook if you're showcasing your product or service using an action hook that shows it and use can be very effective 10 This price hook. Do you want to keep viewers on their toes? Consider using a surprise hook that reveals something unexpected. So there you have it the 10 Best Video hooks we hope this lesson was helpful. Make sure to use at least one of these hooks in your next video. Thanks for watching and follow for more

  Top Comments:
  1. @mariyahchen [19 likes]: Killer insights on those hooks! Getting that perfect start is key, right? I’ve been messing with Boost App Social for my intros. It’s clutch for keeping things fresh without the hassle.
  2. @thedailyslicedesigner [1 likes]: Great video! Easy to follow and to the point. The video left me wanting to see videos of what these hooks looks like in reality. Maybe show videos of you using each one of the hooks?
  3. @pasimtaim1086 [1 likes]: where's the bait? 🪤
  4. @renenova8683 [1 likes]: Waste of time. Show examples
  5. @heaktola-c6s [1 likes]: Hello
  6. @Bray2cool1 [1 likes]: Dude give actual examples of hooks please. 

This video negatively serves your audience
  7. @niyonsengajeanclaude: Hello
  8. @LoveMindsetTH: would love to see some real-world examples applied to popular videos! Thanks for sharing your insights!
  9. @0HHHSC: Fast and straight to the point. Right on man 🤝🏼🤝🏼
  10. @SandraAdams-n2o: Really helpful breakdown of different hook types - would love to see some real-world examples applied to popular videos! Thanks for sharing your insights!
  11. @MentecattaTV: Make some examples
  12. @rodneyitaki: Thank you
  13. @OliverBennett-q6u6p: Your hook examples were on point. Already reworking my headlines — this stuff works!
  14. @Moneymodenow: Lazy video.
  15. @Amazia_fens: Great vid. to the point. No BS. Thanks. I don’t usually comment but after noticing too many negative comments, someone needs to speak up for the good work. Keep it coming!
  16. @manalacazu: no examples...
  17. @MustExploreVisuals: We came here for a reason and u did not deliver basically fluff
  18. @elizanwayiezeagucomedy: I love it.
  19. @safakc8220: Imagine taking hook ideas from 1.6k sub channel
  20. @MinhHuongNguyen-ns3jy: Thanks for sharing ❤

- How to Create VIRAL HOOKS for Real Estate Videos: Kind: captions Language: en If you're a realtor struggling to get views on your videos and you want to finally go viral so you can start generating real leads from those videos, then this one thing I'm going to teach you is going to change the game forever for you. Today's lesson is on the one simple word and hack I use on every video, hook. My name is Tyler Hman and I'm a realtor with Real Broker and a full-time real estate content creator. And from doing short videos with my iPhone, I've now achieved hundreds of thousands of followers, hundreds of millions of views, and countless leads. And let me tell you right now, the hook is one of the biggest reasons why I've been able to achieve all of that. And here's the truth. You can spend hours filming the nicest property tour or explaining the best buyer tips, but if you don't have a hook that hooks people in in the first 3 to 5 seconds, then nobody sticks around for your videos. Attention spans nowadays are brutal. And that's why hooks aren't just a trick, they're a lifeline for your videos. And now, before we dive in, I actually put together a free PDF for you, the top 10 hooks every realtor can use right now. And you'll find it linked in the description. So you can literally copy paste and use them right now. So what actually is a hook? Simply put, it's the opening line, phrase, or moment that stops someone from scrolling and pay attention to your videos. Think of it as a headline on your video. In real estate, your hook might be a bold question, a surprising fact, or a statement that builds curiosity. If you get it right, your audience thinks, "Okay, I need to see where this is going." Now, here's what most agents get wrong. They start with, "Hi, my name's John. I'm with XYZ Realy, and today I want to show you this new listing." Hey guys, my name is Curtis Hawkins with Real Broker on the Real Estate One team located in Lebridge, Alberta. And today I wanted to show you guys my brand new listing located at 1048 Colbrook Gate in Copperwood on the west side of >> boring. That's just 10 seconds wasted. By then your audience has already swiped away. >> Now obviously that took a lot of time and is the wrong way that you want to do your intros because this town home here is actually my house. So my office is down below and I live above. And when we were filming these originally, the really interesting thing about these is that there is a commercial space down below and you can also live upstairs. So, a much better hook for a property like this would be for $450,000, you can not only live at this house, but work as well. Another common mistake is being too vague. Something like, "This home is really nice." That doesn't mean anything. Every agent says that. The biggest mistake though is making the video about you instead of about the viewer. People don't care about you or your brokerage intro. They care about what's in it for them and what's surprising, what's different, and what's valuable. Now, here's my three favorite hooks and how you can perfect them. Hook number one is taking the price and a fun fact of a home. So, here's an example. This home is listed at $599,000 and it comes with its own private movie theater. How catchy is that? And here's why it works. People love knowing the price right away. And when you pair it with a surprising feature, it instantly sparks curiosity. And here's how you can perfect it. Always lead with the price first, then immediately drop one unique or fun fact about the property. Whether that be it's got an updated kitchen, a large backyard, or it could be frankly anything. And here's an example of one of my videos where I did that. This Calgary home is $2 million, has over 5,000 square ft of living space, is only 7 minutes to downtown here in the community of Curry, and it's brand new. Let's go check it out. Here's hook number two. It's the bold question. So, here's an example of a bold question. Would you buy a house that actually pays you to live in it? So, here's why that works. Questions pull people in and make them want to hear the answer. A bold question makes your viewers stop scrolling and lean in. And here's how you can perfect that. Keep it specific, intriguing, and always tie it back to real estate or lifestyle value. For example, when I said, "Imagine living in a house that'll pay you to live in it," I got that because there's a house that has a basement suite. And when you have a basement suite, you rent it out, you can make money that you can pay on your mortgage or pocket that money. Now, most agents might just say, "Here's my listing at 123 Smith Street, and it comes with a basement suite." That's not intriguing. It doesn't build curiosity. So, what I like to do to hook those people in is say, "Imagine a house that pays you to live in it." And here's an example of that in one of my videos. Is it really a luxury home if it doesn't have a private gate like this? Welcome to this $3.4 million estate acreage located just outside of Calgary. My third favorite hook is the Mythbuster. Here's an example. Everyone thinks you need 20% down to buy a home, but that's not true. Listen up. And here's why that works. People love learning that they've been misled, especially when it actually helps them. Busting a myth flips expectations and makes your audience trust you as the expert. And here's how you can perfect that. Take a common belief in real estate and flip it on its head. Keep it simple, clear, and beneficial to the viewer. Here's an example of me doing that. Don't buy a new build home in Calgary until you see a tour of this one. Listed at $764,000 and built by Sterling Homes, this new build home is ready for you to move on in. If you get it right, you've bought yourself 30, 60, or even 90 seconds of someone's attention. And that's where you win real business. And remember, hooks make people stop. And hooks drive your watch time and engagement, ultimately leading to leads. And if you got value from this, make sure to subscribe. And we're going to be dropping a lot more trainings just like this to help you master short form and long form content that brings in actual leads, not just likes. Thanks for watching and I'll see you on the next

  Top Comments:
  1. @prescottrealestateltd [4 likes]: awesome love these videos keep it up hugely appreciated!
  2. @GottaLottaLofi [1 likes]: @tylerhassman what editing software are you using for these videos?
  3. @n_rustam27: Hi i hope you doing well about the video was impressing can i have your contact of you ?
  4. @CHIURINJERI: Very helpful video.simple and i feel ready to create a hook for my videos
  5. @oldmanhare: That hat though😂
  6. @MelvinDlaCruz: You never say the price; you turn off so many lead doing this

- [HOOK] 6 BÍ MẬT mở đầu video TRIỆU VIEW (Ai cũng làm được) Trung Công Nghệ: Kind: captions Language: vi hôm nay chúng ta sẽ nói về húc những chiếc mồi câu quyết định 90% thành bại của một video nhưng mà khoan mình sẽ không đưa Cho bạn một danh sách dài 25 mẫu câu viral vì nó không phải là thứ bạn thực sự cần thứ bạn cần là hiểu được tâm lý học đằng sau những húc viral đó và rồi áp dụng tâm lý học đó vào chính nội dung của bạn đây sẽ là 6 bí quyết giúp bạn cải thiện húc ngay lập tức và nếu bạn đã áp dụng đủ cả 6 mình đảm bảo video của bạn sẽ hiệu quả hơn rất nhiều mình biết nó hiệu quả vì sáng tạo nội dung là công việc toàn thời gian của mình với 200.000 người Theo dõi và hàng triệu lượt xem đây chính là những bí mật mình dùng để tạo Ra những video viral ô kê bí quyết đầu tiên cũng là bí quyết trùm cuối công thức húc BA bước của mình hãy hình dung thế này người xem của bạn đang lướt mạng xã hội giống như đang lái xe trên Cao tốc với tốc độ 100km trên giờ nhiệm vụ của bạn là phải làm gì đó để họ chú ý dừng lại quay đầu xe và đi ngược lại để xem bạn là AI vậy làm SAO để có thể làm được điều đó bằng cách tạo Ra một vòng lặp tò mò đây là một trong những nguyên tắc cơ bản nhất của kể chuyện bạn phải làm SAO để người xem đọc câu đầu tiên và cảm thấy bị cuốn hút đến mức không thể nghĩ đến việc gì khác ngoài việc xem tiếp câu thứ 2 rồi đến câu thứ BA như một hiệu ứng domino câu hỏi là làm SAO để tạo Ra một vòng lặp đó chỉ trong BA đến 4 câu đầu tiên câu trả lời nằm trong công thức BA bước này bước số một là bối cảnh cộng với kích thích tò mò trong một đến 2 câu đầu tiên bạn cần làm được 2 việc một là nói rõ video này về chủ đề gì điều này để người xem tự quyết định xem họ có quan tâm không nếu mình nói về đầu tư mà bạn không quan tâm mình không muốn lừa bạn xem video làm gì nhưng nếu bạn quan tâm mình muốn báo hiệu Cho bạn càng sớm càng tốt bước số 2 chính là gây sự chú ý đột ngột đây là một câu duy nhất đóng vai trò như một cái phanh gấp khi người xem đang nghiêng người bạn đột ngột chặn họ lại cách hiệu quả nhất là dùng những cái từ tương phản như là nhưng tuy nhiên thế mà vậy mà câu này giống như một cú nhá hàng Cho đòn quyết định ở bước số BA bước số BA chính là bẻ lái ngược chiều đây là cú nốc ao một câu đi ngược lại hoàn toàn với những gì bạn nói ở bước một nó vẫn cùng với chủ đề nhưng bẻ lái người xem sang một hướng hoàn toàn bất ngờ cú bẻ lái càng sốc hiệu quả càng Cao giờ hãy xem công thức này hoạt động với chủ đề video là thương hiệu cá nhân nhá AI làm kênh cũng mong đến ngày kiếm được những đồng tiền đầu tiên từ nó dù chỉ là 500.000 hay là 1.000.000đ vào hết chúng ta đều nghĩ rằng phải có hàng 10.000 thậm chí hàng trăm ngàn follower mới làm được điều đó thì nghe tức là bạn đã biết video này nói về kiếm tiền từ việc làm nội dung và nó kéo bạn nghiêng người tới bằng cách nói về một mong muốn và một niềm tin phổ biến nhưng đó lại là một trong những hiểu lầm Tai hại nhất đấy bạn thấy không cái từ nhưng đã phanh bạn lại và bạn đang gật gù đồng ý thì bị chặn lại và trong đầu bạn này Ra câu hỏi ủa Sai ở đâu bởi vì để có thu nhập thứ bạn thực sự cần không phải là một đám đông mà là một cộng đồng nhỏ thực sự tin tưởng bạn đấy thì mình đã bẻ lái bùm đây là cú bẻ lái thay vì nói về số lượng follower mình đã lái bạn sang một hướng hoàn toàn khác đó chính là chất lượng là sự tin tưởng giờ thì bạn hoàn toàn bị cuốn vào bạn không thể rời đi vì bạn muốn biết làm thế nào để xây dựng cái cộng đồng tin tưởng đó cái công thức này sẽ hiệu quả với mọi ngành nghề ví dụ bạn là một huấn luyện viên PT đi bạn muốn làm video để thu hút học viên này có BA Sai lầm cực lực lớn khiến bạn gập bụng mãi mà không lên múi hầu hết mọi người đều nghĩ là do mình tập chưa đủ nhưng sự thật thì hoàn toàn không phải vậy bởi vì Sai lầm lớn nhất lại đến từ một thứ mà không AI ngờ tới đó là cách bạn thở khi gập bụng chẳng hạn bạn thấy không công thức này hoạt động ở khắp mọi nơi và nếu bạn không tin nó hiệu quả mình sẽ làm một màn ảo thuật nhỏ nữa vì mình đã dùng chính công thức tâm lý học này để câu bạn ở đầu video này và việc bạn vẫn còn xem tận bây giờ chứng tỏ nó đã thành công để mình chỉ Cho bạn thấy những chiếc mồi câu quyết định 90% thành bại của một video mình đã Cho bạn bối cảnh một video về húc và kéo bạn lại gần bằng cách nói về lợi ích Cho việc là làm video tốt hơn bước số 2 sau đó mình nói nhưng mà khoan đây là cú phanh gấp nó đi ngược lại với những gì bạn thường thấy và mình dùng chính sự nhàm chán của các video liệt kê thông thường để khiến bạn dừng lại bước số BA bước cuối cùng mình bẻ lái đằng sau những khúc viral đó và rồi mình đã lái bạn từ các mẫu câu có sẵn điều bạn đã biết sang tâm lý học một thứ nghe có vẻ sâu sắc và bí mật hơn ô kê giờ bạn đã nắm được công thức cốt lõi rồi sau đây là năm bí quyết bổ sung để giúp chiếc của bạn sắc bén hơn nữa bí quyết 2 đó chính là hút bằng hình ảnh video hút mình phải nhấn mạnh điều này hút bằng hình ảnh có sức mạnh gấp 100 lần so với chỉ dùng lời nói nó gồm 2 phần một là chữ trên màn hình hãy đặt BA đến năm từ khóa chính lên màn hình bằng font chữ to đậm rõ ràng ví dụ một video về cách edit video trên CapCut của mình nếu bạn dùng CapCut để edit video thì đây chính là cách để video của bạn có chất lượng tốt nhất ngay trên điện thoại của bạn mình mở đầu bằng cách xuất hiện chữ tiêu đề to và rõ ràng ngay bắt đầu video số 2 đó chính là sự chuyển động trong hình ảnh hình ảnh của bạn cần có chuyển động vừa đủ để thu hút ánh mắt không quá nhiều đến mức gây rối cũng không quá tĩnh đến mức nhàm chán đôi khi chỉ cần một cái nghiêng đầu hay là một cử chỉ của bàn Tay là đủ như mình là mình dùng cách là đập dép trong video cũng là để hút người xem ở đầu video của mình bí quyết BA đó chính là tập trung vào lợi ích nỗi đau mọi người thường không quan tâm đến tính năng họ quan tâm đến cái kết quả mình sẽ Cho bạn một ví dụ về micro nếu bạn là một người nói một người review micro đây là cách nói dở micro này có màng lọc âm tần số đáp ứng 20 hẹp đến 20 ki lô hẹp và đây là cách nói đúng hơn này là bạn có bao giờ quay video mà âm thanh lại bị rè đầy tạo âm không nếu có đây là cách khắc phục mình sẽ đánh thẳng vào nỗi đau và sự đồng cảm và đưa Ra giải pháp luôn hãy luôn tự hỏi là cái điều này giúp người xem giải quyết được vấn đề gì và mang lại lợi ích gì Cho họ và hãy đưa nó vào câu húc bí quyết số 4 đó chính là quay mượn sự nổi tiếng khi nói về một chủ đề phức tạp hãy gói nó trong một thứ gì đó quen thuộc hãy mượn sự nổi tiếng của một thương hiệu một người nổi tiếng để làm chủ đề Cho bạn hấp dẫn hơn ví dụ nói về chủ đề tài chính hãy thử thế này bạn có bao giờ thắc mắc tại SAO Robert Kiyosaki lại vay nợ khắp nơi không mình sẽ dùng những câu chuyện của người nổi tiếng như hình ảnh của họ hay là một số cái vụ việc trend để mình có thể là lướt sóng Theo những cái trend đó bước số năm đó chính là nén thời gian để trao giá trị hãy tưởng tượng bạn có một quả bom đếm ngược trong đầu với video ngắn đó là 4 giây với video YouTube dài đó là một đến 2 phút bạn phải trao đi một giá trị nào đó trước khi quả bom đó phát nổ đó bỏ đi đừng giấu những thứ hay ho nhất của bạn ở cuối video hãy đưa một chút giá trị ngay từ đầu trong húc hoặc ngay sau húc khi họ nhận được một chút giá trị họ sẽ ở lại đủ lâu để chờ đợi bí quyết tiếp Theo bí quyết số 6 đó chính là dùng câu ngắn ngắt quãng scatter là một thuật ngữ trong âm nhạc chỉ những nốt nhạc ngắn gọn dứt khoát trong húc hãy dùng những câu ngắn như vậy viết câu ngắn buộc bạn phải đi thẳng vào vấn đề tăng sự tò mò và cô động thời gian ở đầu video là vàng mỗi từ đều phải có giá trị hãy dùng câu ngắn ở đầu và có thể viết những câu dài hơn ở phần thân bài như bạn thấy đấy tất cả những điều này cần sự luyện tập càng làm nhiều bạn càng thấm và biến nó thành phản xạ tự nhiên của mình nếu bạn thấy có giá trị đừng quên nhấn nút đăng ký kênh và xem thêm các tài liệu tài nguyên mà mình để ở phần mô tả này nhá cảm ơn các bạn đã xem tới cuối video và chúc bạn tạo Ra những chiếc húc thật chất lượng hẹn gặp lại các bạn ở những video sau và mình là Trung công nghệ

  Top Comments:
  1. @trungcongnghe [2 likes]: Nhớ đăng kí kênh để là người xem sớm nhất để xem những video hay và chất lượng nha!
  2. @LamLe-uv5es [1 likes]: Công nhận đúng và hay. Cảm ơn bạn đã chia sẻ
  3. @KienTrung084 [1 likes]: Nội dung hay, cách diễn đạt thu hút, dể hiểu!
  4. @HanleyBaeuhuh [1 likes]: thật hữu ích, rất hóng video tiếp theo của kênh ạ 👏🏻
  5. @trongpham3988 [1 likes]: hay quá
  6. @angoclamha: mình đang tìm hiểu cách làm video để làm bds, cảm ơn những chia sẻ của bạn
  7. @lamphuctranhtoitinhtam4817: Video rất chất lượng  ạ

- The 4 Hooks That Make You Stop Scrolling: Kind: captions Language: en - There are levels of hooks here. You can have a question and have an answer. But the middle can't be fluff. - Super excited to dive into your work. It is so different than everything else. - Notice how it has one wing on each side and two wings total. Compare that to this insect. - It's deceptively slow. - Yes. - And the reason I'm saying deceptively slow is because the pacing of information and reveals is actually quite fast. - You know, you're one of the first people to comment on that. But, yeah, people think think it's slow. But, really, there's a lot going on. There are levels of hooks here. There is a verbal hook, which is in the writing, right? There's the visual hook. - Yeah. - Which is visually what it looks like, which is very different than the other videos people might come across, so it'll cause them to pause. And then there is kind of like a tonal and a pacing hook, which we might talk about later where because I talk more slowly and punctuate beats of silence with piano tones, it's much slower than other things you've come across online. - Which means that just because the pacing's different, it feels different, so it can kind of stop you as you're scrolling. - That makes so much sense. Okay, so your bookends are the hook. - Which is like a question or something that is incorrect, which plants the promise of some type of answer. - Which then you don't deliver until the last second to the video. - It's gotta be like the very last thing you do, the last thing you say and then it ends. - And why does it have to be the last thing? - Because in a way, it's kind of like an algorithm thing. Because in order to kind of appeal to an algorithm to suggest it to more viewers, you want to kind of build watch time or watch percentage typically. And that's a way that I kind of do it. - If you look closely, you can tell there's two wings here. So this insect has four wings. - Okay, so there's a writing hook, there's a visual hook, there's a tonal and a pacing hook, and there's this discomfort/comfort kind of hook. - And those establish these questions and these unresolved mysteries that get resolved in the final second of the video. - Mm-hmm. - And in between is the learning and the education. And how would you describe what's in between? - You can have a question and have an answer, but the middle can't be fluff. You have to either draw them in with more reveals or kind of slowly lead them in the direction of the answer. Always kind of going on that path. And you gotta make it interesting enough so they don't swipe away. - The insect with four wings is a wasp. And the insect with two wings is a type of fly called a hoverfly. - I love how you extend. - Right? Not yet. (both laugh) - You think you're gonna get it. - No, no. - It even zooms in. - Yep. - And you're like, no, I'm gonna get another eight seconds out of this. - Yeah, and because you could have done it the opposite way. You could have said, "This is a hoverfly, which is a type of fly," but your answer comes early. It's not at the end. You've gotta flip them if you want explain that it's a fly. - Oh my god, that doesn't exist anywhere. Before you resolve this one, you've introduced a new micro mystery. What are the mysteries in this one? - So the first is. - There's a piece of us that can't stop because we need to know what happens to the cricket. - What about the cricket? - Why are you doing this? - When I think about it, I kind of tear up a little because of how nice it feels inside.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ЧерменЗассеев-м7э [64 likes]: we need full episodes on YOUTUBE
  2. @PriyankaOfficialme [49 likes]: Great video, thank you. For example I never thought an ebook could really help until I read Obsidian Mindset of Becoming, I tried techniques from this book and my whole mental direction shifted in a few days, crazy experience
  3. @OmarGazal-y7r [33 likes]: There`s also a book called Obsidian Mindset of Becoming. Everyone should read it at least once in their life, it was a game changer
  4. @Becca_Blankenship [27 likes]: Very Mr. Roger’s coded 💯
  5. @ChristopherCampNYC [24 likes]: I don't like how this is framed as a good thing. As a society I don't think we want to consume visual click bait like this. I don't think we want information withheld to drive my retention to the final second of a video.
  6. @watchyoutubeaccount1 [9 likes]: Mr. Rogers did this super well, with audio, visual, and language. Similar way of tell stories.
  7. @davorjovanovic88 [5 likes]: I saw the Jack's epic smile when he said that he filled the pauses of his talk with piano notes. He should have kissed him in his bald head or forhead at least. I know I would have done it. And I just might shout out "Long live the music!"..."Give piano music to the people!". I know that this is what our society needs right now, so keep up with the good work :)
  8. @LightspeedTutorials [4 likes]: I got my 1M short using conflict and looping “what is he doing next”.
  9. @rotaryPiler [1 likes]: MR JACK CONTE???
  10. @Bantyaofficial: Quality content
  11. @swalihefx2: Perfect timing, great video
  12. @AIGODVIDEO-l4c: Thank you for this video
  13. @omararab894: Nice vid man
  14. @AshokKumar-w6z1s: W
  15. @Total_gamingz_m: Very nice, thanks
  16. @VeerVeerpatel-i1e: Great topic, keep it going
  17. @SumonSk-m8c: Wow, thank you for this
  18. @nexsusarchon5358: His videos remind me of all the hours i spent watching Noggin on nick jr
  19. @ptrkowalski: Sounds like sounds from Zelda
  20. @mrstravelquest: I started my channel because of Charlie Engelman, Nature Boom Time is the GOAT!

- HookMafia Hook Generator — Find Scroll-Stopping Hooks Instantly: Kind: captions Language: en Hook generator solves one of the biggest problems creators face, which is finding a strong hook for their videos. Here, you simply enter your product name and choose the hook style you want to use. Hook Mafia can also suggest hook styles automatically based on your voice DNA and creator intelligence insights. You can apply those suggestions or select your own hook style and click generate. The system will create several hook options for you. Once you find a hook you like, just click the green icon and it will take you directly to the script generator. From there, click generate script. Wait a few seconds and Hook Mafia will build a full production script for your video, including scene by scene directions, voiceover lines, sound suggestions, filming tips, and everything you need to create the content.

- Back-To-School Essentials | Sandy Hook Promise: Kind: captions Language: en This year my mom got me the perfect bag for back to school. These colorful binders help me stay organized. These headphones are just what I need for studying. These new sneakers are just what I need for the new year. This jacket is a real must have. My parents got me this skateboard I wanted, it's pretty cool. These scissors really come in handy in art class. These colored pencils too. These new socks, they can be a real-life saver. And I finally got my own phone to stay in touch with my mom.

- How to Make Small Talk People Actually Enjoy: Kind: captions Language: en we've all had conversations that feel forced or boring or are filled with awkward silences it can be almost painful like this next clip so like country music or do you like country yeah cool so in this video we're going to go over five steps to make small talk with anyone we'll do so by breaking down some tricks that joe rogan uses on his podcast to connect with everyone from academics to athletes to celebrities some will be mindsets and some will be word for word questions you can steal these habits are a big reason why so many of joe's conversations end like this bob sagan i love you i love you thank you buddy thank you it was a lot of fun this was great this was great thank you very much thank you i really enjoyed this man i really enjoyed it tell people i always appreciate you man really do thanks and i really appreciate you too most people have their guard up when they first meet you they aren't sure if you're going to be competitive or try to put them down in some way so the first trick you can steal from joe is to grease the wheels early with a compliment this isn't something you have to do to make a small talk go well but it helps you start the conversation with a positive vibe there's a lot of potential compliments you could give someone that said there's three easy types you can focus on for small talk their work their energy or a platonic physical complement with those three options you should be able to complement almost anyone you meet here's a quick example of each thank you very much for being here i'm a really big fan so this is an honor i love being around people like you my guy people around you you people like you you're you're going for [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] all the time and it's infectious it's like you're you you give off energy nice to meet you good to meet you too by the way congrats on the mustache the mustache lower piece combo that's uh the anarchist guy with that guy that who's the mask oh the guy fawkes that's right yeah perfect right people make three common mistakes when giving compliments that you'll want to avoid the first is making the compliment too sexual second is making a compliment you don't mean which makes you seem manipulative the third is dwelling on the compliment a compliment is great but especially with people of high status who hear compliments all the time you'll want to transition off of it fairly quickly in general transitioning off of an introduction and into an interesting conversation is one of the hardest parts of small talk the best way to do this is by transitioning between topics using reminds me of thinking for example with josh barnett joe starts the conversation in his standard way by complimenting his beard how long have you been drawing that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that's a real one after josh responds joe does what most people would do and starts talking about his own hair but very quickly he uses that to toss out a new potential topic probably 35 i started growing like serious back hair i'm not like who's that russian wrestler dude is this one oh uh well there was this guy uh victor zangief who who actually did professional wrestling that guy was just coated in it oh yeah right there's another guy solomon hashemica most people make the mistake of thinking very linearly during small talk so they'd simply comment on their own hair and then stare over at you hoping that you would take the conversation somewhere interesting just by tossing out that his back hair reminds him of a russian wrestler joe and josh are able to spend the next four minutes talking about various wrestlers and mma fighters it's a simple habit to build and makes a huge difference in the quality of your here's another quick example with rob lowe rob asks joe a question about baseball which joe doesn't seem interested in talking about most people here would just say something like no not really and let the conversation stall instead joe uses lateral thinking to transition to something else are you a fan of the of the baseball with the crowd noise and crowd noise no i'm not a fan of fake noise i i hate that some cars do that they put fake engine noise through the speakers oh jesus exactly because he didn't just answer the question but instead asked himself what fake sound in a baseball stadium reminds him of they were able to transition to cars a topic it turns out they both love so next time you're in conversation and can't think of anything to say it's as simple as asking yourself what does this remind me of and then branch off in whatever direction first comes to your mind in both those cases you see another common habit of joe's he pings for topics of mutual interest joe is infamous for doing this by bringing up dmt in every conversation good dmt dmt dmt dmt emt dmt dmt when a guest doesn't know what it is it just goes by the wayside but when they do it's an immediate connection this will keep you genuinely interested in the conversation joe is a master at doing this in the other direction as well he has two tricks to get other people excited about the conversation they're both super easy to do but most people don't do them which is why small talk feels so painful at times for example here's a common small talk conversation where are you from originally i'm from wilmington delaware wilmington delaware i don't i don't know many people from delaware thank you yeah what is wilmington like nice town yeah it's great where are you from is it nice there these are boring questions that no one is going to be excited to answer unless they already like you it's very similar but watch what joe asks instead why utah man why you live in utah what's that about joe peels the onion he goes one level deeper by asking why questions that get someone talking about what they value this may seem hard to work into a conversation but it's actually quite simple you just do it in two phases where do you live that's cool why do you live there what do you do for work interesting why did you decide to do that even if the person doesn't love where they live you'll get to hear what's important to them maybe it's their job their family a passion whatever it is now you know what's important to them and can ask a question about that which they're much more likely to want to talk about this ties directly into the second trick joe uses he asks questions that are fun to answer for example an issue you might run into with small talk is that some people don't have anything interesting going on in their lives to share about one way to get them past that block is to ask a fun question that removes the constraint of having to be realistic here's a few examples if you had a magic wand and someone said you could do whatever you want to fix this what would you do you were the king of the world said ed what are we going to do let's say you become president pulling both tricks together a great decision tree of questions to get an interesting conversation going can be what do you do then as a follow-up do you like it if they say yes you can ask why and elicit their values if they say no you can ask well if you had 100 million dollars what would you do instead joe also has two habits for creating a connection with people while listening the first is he laughs easily this makes it more fun to talk to him because it makes you feel good for being funny even when you aren't trying to be for instance watch him react when elon musk talks about selling flamethrowers through the boring company how many did you make twenty thousand and they're all gone here's another example where joe laughs at what dan balzerian is saying even though dan isn't trying to make a joke and i was single and i was just like you know what [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] i'm just kind of kind of like do bucket list [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like whatever like whatever i wanted to do when i was a kid i'm just gonna [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] do it he's able to find humor in the absurd and in both cases you see the other person light up a bit as they get a laugh from joe for another example watch david blaine's big smile after he accidentally makes joe laugh choked out as euphoric right yeah exactly except this one's even better and then you have all these dreams no no it makes it sound exciting the goal here is not to fake laugh what you want to do is allow yourself to laugh every time you find something funny laughing is a habit that gets easier the more you do it so if you struggle to laugh when you're out with friends or in conversation with strangers a good habit is to watch something you know will make you laugh right before going out this will help you be in a better state to laugh in the second habit joe has when listening is mirroring there's several ways to mirror but joe's is most similar to ex-fbi negotiator chris vos's method the mirroring that i teach is much more simplistic and interestingly enough has a great impact on how the other person interacts with you and it's just repeating the last one to three words that they've said word for word one to three words or it's repeating a selected one to three words here's a quick example where he mirrors to make you feel heard it's not like i wanna like take over the world i just wanna like make a good living doing what i love that's all i want you know and it's it's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hard i know it's hard here's a different example this time he mirrors to build rapport with jordan peterson before taking control of the conversation or king what's it what do you call him prime minister trudeau that fella the caster lover the castro lover i was just gonna say that this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] guy don't do this after every sentence but if you find you want to make someone feel heard or you want to interrupt without making the person feel ignored mirror their last three words also it's worth noting while joe does mirror people's words he is not a chameleon he stays true to himself and his style for instance jordan peterson is a polite guy who wears a suit and chooses his words carefully but you just saw joe chatting with him in a hoodie dropping f-bombs in the first minute so you want to mirror someone's last few words as a quick hack to build a bit of rapport but you don't want to copy everything about someone stay true to yourself and have confidence in who you are if that's something you'd like more help with i think the fastest way to build true social confidence in yourself in a meaningful way is with our program charisma university it's a step-by-step guided program guaranteed to give you more charisma and confidence in 30 days now you can read all about the details in the link below but i figured the strongest way to let you know what it's all about is just to let the members speak for themselves so here are just a few of the things that cu members have written in the first is from a guy who was interviewing for new jobs he says i interviewed at dozens of places for jobs after medical school at the end of one of my interview days the doctor pulled me aside and said that hands down i had the best interview out of everybody and that they would love to have me at their program they rank me number one and it's my current job another person wrote in about their social life saying it has truly been incredible i've instantly had results that seem insane so many more meaningful connections my friendships have improved and my interactions with total strangers are a new exciting fulfilling thing i want to recommend this to everyone this should be in our basic education system and this last one is from someone who says it's been life-changing your course has been life-changing to the point where i wake up in the mornings feeling like i've transferred to a new person's body the person i kept dreaming about becoming before i found charisma on command it is incredible i found myself and i found what makes me happy you'll see more success stories like these in the comments if you decide to join the course if you do join it comes with a day money back guarantee which is 100 for any reason at all i make it 60 days even though the course is only 30 days because i want to make sure that every single member truly feels like they're getting a ton of value from the course so if you want to check the course out go ahead and click the link on screen now or below in the description we've had thousands of members go through this course and get a ton out of it and i'd love for you to do the same either way i hope you enjoyed this video and i look forward to seeing you in the next one you

  Top Comments:
  1. @MrSoles [1 likes]: If she likes you, you really don't even have to try.  Just take her. 😎👍
  2. @olegsokolov824 [1 likes]: Sale sale sale, this world is dead dude
  3. @Rushour717: Always good to rewatch again and again
  4. @hibye-ep4jd: 4:48 who is she
  5. @rogersockwell: If only an elk would take DMT and then bow hunt itself after fighting a lion... at Göbekli Tepe.
  6. @blecalec: great video
  7. @ScienceFan1859: 1 Start with a compliment
2 Transition: that reminds me of...
3Ping for conversation topics of mutual interest
4 get them excited about the topic: why not so much what
5 create a connection as a listener: laugh/react/ mirroring
  8. @er7586: It HAS to be sincere or everything this "sales seminar" stated won't work for you. I strike up conversations with strangers and we have pleasant conversations. However, I'm a master at reading people. I absolutely love talking to people. And I'm 'cursed'. I never forget someone's name nor face. I can walk into a crowded room and meet everyone and not forget their names.
  9. @undergroundmoe: A little bit harsh to call them small talk people
  10. @marybutlin5605: Too many whys are a turnoff
  11. @achuaxi3849: Ya’ll remember that one time Joe timed the laugh wrong during Mike Tyson interview? Lmao
  12. @HrissW: 5:06!!
  13. @nameless-yd6ko: How To Never Run Out Of Things To Say 
~~~ Seems to me that a good starting point would be to not give a sh!t what anyone else has to say. That someone else talking means that you are just waiting for them to shut up so you can continue... Fill every possible moment with your oh so valuable and fruitful for all who hear words of great wisdom!
Let it flow!...
  14. @jasminehealey9405: 4:37 Anyone else have to stop the video to look up what DMT is.?!🤦‍♀️ I couldn't possibly go on watching any longer without knowing, it's all i wouldve thought about
  15. @mr.pal12: How to be comfortable or confident and feel non intrusive when your the most interesting person in the conversation. And in the hypothetical spotlight? 
Example. Im on a walk in a new neighborhood we just mov3d to. My youngest child in the stroller and 2 friendly neighbor gals in retirement age Approached us and have a million questions. Its tough for me to give all in the seek the curiosity relationship. I feel a lingering but if guilt as if there should be give from my end. If thay makes sense?
  16. @tutorailking696: We're learning how to be a human 😅
  17. @Rob-to4mu: This video made me think back to a compliment I received in first grade. We were asked to write a compliment about everyone in the class. I forget what everyone said except for this one girl, she said: "I like how he laughs at my jokes even when I know they aren't funny, it makes me feel good". Don't know why but I remember this all these years later.
  18. @naidolkusa: Why you put lord of war there? Now I'll watch the whole movie for the thousand time.
  19. @UPBEATFOREVER: People like to ask personal and deep sensitive questions.are your parents still living?do you still live with your parents?where do you live?....and then where do you really live?that gets annoying.and sometimes people do get bugged when people ask for your age.right now asking people what do you do?is sometimes embarrassing.if the person is making 6 figures and you are only make small wages.being an adult is a competition.compared when we were kids.when it was ok to have any job!
  20. @TheHeartbreakGuy: This is reeeeeeealy helpful

- Evan | Sandy Hook Promise: Kind: captions Language: en <i> Open on upbeat music. <i> <i> School bell rings. <i> EVAN: Have a good summer. GIRL 1: You too. GIRL 2: Hey, you must be bored. EVAN: No way. GIRL 2: This is the guy that I was writing to in the library. GIRL 1: Ohhhh EVAN: Guilty. EVAN: So you like to write on desks? GIRL 2: Yep, that’s what I do. <i>Noise of gun being cocked in the background.<i> <i>Loud screaming. Music fades.<i>

- Normal Is Boring — A Song for People Who Refuse to Fit In: Kind: captions Language: en Wake up same routine, same road, same scene. Coffee tastes the same again. Like I've lived this day before. People say it's stable, call it safe and fine, but I feel a little static running through my mind. It's not wrong, it's just too predictable. Sometimes normal is boring. I want to flip the story. Break a line, miss a turn, see what I can learn. Boring. Just a little warning. Took a left I didn't need, ended somewhere new. Didn't find a bigger meaning, still I like the view. Missed a call, ignored a plan. Nothing fell apart. Funny how the risk they fear barely leaves a mark. Maybe I just need a shift, not a whole new life, just stay the same goal for a little while. I don't need a story. Just a change in pace, just a different place. Still I'm not ignoring. It's okay to stay, just not every day. I'm not running from it. I just bend the line. Oh, oh. So, I'll make it mine. Oh,

- 4 Ways You’re Hurting Your Audience Retention Without Realizing: Kind: captions Language: en see this right here that means that people quit watching your video as soon as they clicked play how terrible does a video need to be for people to leave that fast your video isn't that bad is it let's fix that so the first step to improving your audience retention is actually going to start with your title and your thumbnail what we really want to do is create some kind of intrigue or some kind of curiosity so that we can get the viewer expecting something when they click into the video and the main question to ask yourself is what is intriguing to my audience so here's an example i'm a musician i've been playing the guitar since i was about 12 years old it's my favorite thing in the world i love it i still remember back then i was helping my brother clean his room and we found this little scratched up jimi hendrix cd and so i popped it into my little cd player and it just absolutely blew my mind and i said i want to do that so knowing that if i were to go open up the youtube homepage right now and i saw one video that was titled advanced guitar tutorial on the pentatonic scale and right next to it was another video titled how to shred like jimi hendrix in five minutes or less which one do you think i'm clicking on it's all about creating what's intriguing to your target audience so now that we got the viewer to click into our video we need to hook the viewer in those first few precious seconds the biggest mistake that we want to avoid is opening the video by just repeating what you said in the title so instead we either just want to get right into the content or if you presented some kind of question or some kind of intrigue where the viewer may be feeling some sort of tension that they need to get resolved try to stretch that intrigue a little bit further in those opening seconds to make them feel even more tension like they need to stick around to get that tension resolved ultimately the goal of these first few seconds is to make the viewer feel like they're in the right place and also that the time investment that they made by clicking into the video is going to be worth it think of any good tv show that you like they hook you in right off the bat and so we're trying to do the same thing with our viewers we're trying to really pull them into our content so now that we've successfully hooked the viewer into our content one of the most powerful things that we can do to continue to improve our audience retention is going to be storytelling integrating a story structure makes it way more compelling for the viewer to want to stick around and watch the entire video verse skipping ahead just trying to find the thing that they clicked for or abandoning the video completely just watch any mr beast video jimmy is a master at storytelling and he starts just about every one of his videos with that storytelling structure who is the character what do they want why can't they have what they want and what is at stake if they don't get what they want weaving in your own personal story into your content is also another really powerful way to increase audience retention i told you a story just a minute ago about how i got started playing the guitar and that took me what 20 seconds and i'm willing to bet that you probably felt a little bit more connected with me stories are so powerful because they create an emotional connection with the viewer and emotions hold attention and they also increase engagement now as we're approaching the end of our video keep on delivering that value to the end and don't fall into the trap of using ending language so you don't want to say hey thanks so much for checking out this video my name has been sam don't forget to leave me a comment because this very clearly communicates to the viewer that there is no more value to be gained through the rest of this video and you can safely be on your way so instead of closing with this ending language we are going to point to another video this not only improves your audience retention but getting somebody into that next video extends the viewing session which is a very very positive viewer signal for the youtube algorithm and this makes it way more likely that youtube is going to surface your video to more and more people out there leading to that explosive growth for your channel so ingrid actually breaks down more of these viewer signals and unpacks the youtube algorithm here so you definitely want to check out this video next so you can learn how to get the most out of your channel so go ahead and click right here and we will see you there

  Top Comments:
  1. @TheEclecticGoat [3 likes]: “The first thing you need to do it hook you viewers.” No kidding. Why do you think I clicked on THIS video? Not helpful at all.
  2. @Al-Hunt [2 likes]: I'm on the verge of just giving up.
  3. @blakerice [2 likes]: gosh that man is handsome
  4. @abcdef2069 [1 likes]: retention is creating more clickbait videos
  5. @aleksandar7393: Just small correction, actually they not quiting, probably those fast give up are from main page preview, so user will turn sound on in preview, check first few seonds and will not even click, but it will register as view. You can test it by creating some test video and then publish as unlisted and you will see what I am talking about.
  6. @SuperstarPheon: I’m glad I wacth this video more motivation… thanks
  7. @MrPohp: Shred like Hendrix in 5 mins or less” 
Any guitarist knows that’s a lie. 
And a new guitarist will be disappointed.
  8. @RhythmicRuler: What about putting logo after the hook line? It is only for to 5 seconds, but will it kill the retention rate?
  9. @UrbanKiwiana: I've been at this game for a long time now..I've always struggled with upload times,.titles and keeping people the whole time unless it's my hardcores it seems like everyone I've inspired has grown so fast while I keep ploting along.
Is it bad to do shorts and long form on the same channel?
  10. @KingLamarQuinton: This vid is about improving retention rates starts with how to click bait 😂😂😂.......stop pulling in the wrong viewers
  11. @BrentLeVasseur: Here is my honest feedback as a consumer of this ‘how to’ video: Yeah most people now seem to follow the cookie cutter method of ‘hook’ then tell your life story, then give them examples, and then finally after they wasted 5 minutes of your time with useless filler just to make the video longer for Adsense, they finally deliver the goods at the end. 😂 The question going through my mind is ‘is it worth it sitting through listening to this guy’s life story who I literally just ‘met’ and have no connection with, just to receive the information I want? Take your ‘I’m a guitarist who likes Jimi Hendrix…’ thing. Yeah so what? Me too! I’m a guitarist too, and like Hendrix and Van Halen but that’s not why I clicked on your video. I want specific information and you are wasting my time. The better way is give me the information I want, and then if I like that information and it’s helpful to me, I might then feel compelled to want to ‘get to know you better’, like comment subscribe etc…
  12. @AtomosIsCool: My videos loose all viewers after 36 seconds, hopefully this helps
  13. @DariusInspire: Started 2 days ago and I already have 6 subs!
  14. @SmartHobbies: You nailed it with this video.
  15. @Daily_Motivational_Quotes--d7n: :face-red-heart-shape:
  16. @zackt-n6d: How can a content creator improve audience retention if their channel is an 3D animation channel and videos are modeling time-lapse videos, or how to tutorials?
  17. @fairleemadegaming: Title, Thumbnail, and hook to entice the viewer. This is very similar to an interview, the person hosting the interview will decide within 30 seconds if you're the right fit for the job, or if they like you. This is crucial to success for sure. Going to continue watching but this advice is very helpful.
  18. @-Yuimie-: Nice video! I have a question tho, I make animation for my channel, however one of my recent video audience retention was just keep decreasing , 140% at the beginning and 33% at the end, and I couldn’t cut any parts out because it’s an animation, and idk what to do
  19. @ChampyonHampterGaming: Y’all got me hooked on Jimi Hendrix 🩷🎸🐹🕺🏾
  20. @soumayaait: This video was really helpful. I like all the tips and I will try to use them. One question please. I started my channel this year and I have 915 subscribers almost reaching 1000 but the problem is my watch time is 700. It is going very slow comparing to my subscribers. Is it normal? Any tips to improve that please?

- The 2-Minute Algorithm Hack That Helps YouTube Recommend You!!: Kind: captions Language: en - [Narrator] If you're a small YouTuber and your videos are getting zero views, this two-minute hack will change everything. I'm going to show you the hidden settings that most creators don't even know exist. Here's the brutal truth. When you're a new channel, YouTube has no idea what your content is about, or who should see it, so your videos get buried. But YouTube actually tells us how to fix this. According to YouTube, new channels must rely on metadata. Your titles, descriptions, and other signals to help the algorithm understand your content. But there are three secret settings that most creators never touch, that literally teach the algorithm who you are, who should see your videos, and get YouTube to start recommending your content to the right people. I'm about to walk you through each one. So let's start with the first one. Channel keywords. These are invisible keywords that describe your entire channel, not just individual videos. Here's how. Click your profile photo, go to YouTube Studio, then click Settings, then Channel. You'll see a keyword section that 99% of creators leave empty. Add broad keywords like fitness or finance or whatever your channel is about, but also add long tail phrases your audience actually searches for. Instead of just fitness, add, "how to lose weight fast," or "home workout routines." As a regular viewer browsing YouTube, you can't actually see these keywords that channels are using push your content to the right viewers. But with a two buddy extension installed, you can spy on a channel's keywords. That means you can go look at the biggest channels in your niche, see exactly what keywords they're using, and model what's working for them. The second hack is in the upload default settings. In that same menu, click Upload Defaults. This is gold because every video you upload will automatically include these descriptions and tags. What I want you to do here is write a description about your channel, what it's about, who you help, what topics you cover. If you need help, just look at this video's description, but think about this like your elevator pitch for your channel. Now, every time you upload a new video, YouTube will automatically populate this entire description. And above it, you can just add whatever custom description you have for that specific video. This saves a load of time, and make sure that each video has detailed information in the description that helps the algorithm push your video to the right viewers. Now, for the third and final setting, default tags. This one is massive for new channels, because tags are one of the main things that YouTube relies on when your channel is brand new, and the algorithm doesn't have enough data about your content yet. You'll find this in the same upload default section. What you want to do is add about two to five tags that describe your channel as a whole. These tags will automatically be added to every single video you upload. No extra work, no remembering to add them manually. Just like with keywords, you want to make sure you use a mix of broad terms with long tail phrases. These three settings work together like a GPS for the algorithm. They tell YouTube exactly where to drive your content, so your videos can get recommended to more people. Now, getting recommended is just the first step. If you're looking to get monetized, watch time is going to be critical. And if you want to hit that 4,000 hours of watch time milestone faster, I just made this video that I want you to watch next.

  Top Comments:
  1. @TubeBuddy [727 likes]: Please subscribe if this was helpful!
  2. @RoronoaZoro-xs [1 likes]: Plz support your little brother ❤
  3. @vuzaimpanda [1 likes]: Thanks
  4. @nolanvandagriff [1 likes]: Gonna be big YouTubers gather here
  5. @Zeeedits-m6v: Bullsh*t
  6. @Kabarynawuk: We win one day!
  7. @maybewyxos: never expected a chrome extension to make a youtube tutorial
  8. @MiniMe-q8p: How do to this on phone?
  9. @ImeMy-u8k: How to do this on phone ?
  10. @Vindheimr: thx for the video, unfortunately it did not work for me🙁
  11. @adaro_solutions: Great content!
  12. @talkingtomloved: suscribe krlo yr
  13. @AtlasMyths-d8f: Great bro
  14. @Rankrush_ai.official: it's kinda annoying that random vids got million views while your consistency only got 40 views
  15. @RND_1M-r7x: My video getting viral two days and hold on 23k views... why is it happening
  16. @Wannwarstdu: Tried to start a channel only with shorts...so far there is one subscriber. It's something! 😊
  17. @JQLShorts: W
  18. @SlayahhTV: I been at it for about 30 days nonstop thanks for this video very helpful
  19. @GrowKingGermany: Small youtuber gather here
  20. @mysticjokercz6743: Im gaming channel

- 6 Signs You're Being Manipulated (And You Don’t Even Realize It): Kind: captions Language: en manipulation can be an extremely complicated confusing and emotionally taxing experience relationships with manipulators may have their highs and lows along with subtle tactics which can make it so you don't notice what they're doing a better look into what manipulation may look like here are six signs you're being manipulated number one you feel like everything is your fault all the time when you are being manipulated it's common for the manipulator to make themselves in the right all the time in the workplace they may downplay your intelligence or experience to make you feel that you're always making mistakes in relationships they may justify their actions by twisting facts and words to make themselves seem superior additionally they may use a tactic called triangulation to bring another person into a conflict to take their side no matter what it seems like you are never right in any matter and you always feel at fault for what happens number two you constantly feel judged it's common to feel judged all the time by your manipulator this can make it seem like every action is constantly scrutinized no matter how big or small you may notice that they either never offer constructive criticism or they do so in a patronizing manner they always make it seem like they know better and that you have to work to get on their level number three your guilt tripped into decisions manipulators have a tendency to make themselves the victim in every situation you may notice that you're always doing things for them out of guilt even if it makes you uncomfortable if you fight back they may retaliate by saying they can't control their behaviors because of some circumstance beyond their control even if what they're doing would be considered objectively wrong they always have a reason to justify themselves in doing it number four you doubt your reality gaslighting is another common tactic that manipulators use where they will make you question your sanity you may find that it's hard to trust your own judgment because your manipulator always convinces you that you're wrong in how you think feel and experience the world any feeling you have is somehow irrational or incorrect for the situation manipulators will make you feel like you're making up situations or are misremembering events it's common for victims of gaslighting to question if they have a mental health condition number five you're constantly compared to others another tactic manipulators will use against you is making you feel inferior your manipulator will always make you feel like you're falling short of expectations and that other people are doing better the goal is to make you compete with others to win their approval you feel like you have to continually one-up another person but it's never enough and number six you're love-bombed and punished manipulators have their way of keeping you coming back to them in relationships especially you may find that they will love bomb you for a period of time in which everything in your relationship seems great they give you attention gifts and will speak highly of you to other people while this may seem positive at the time in reality it's to gain your trust you might find that after this period ends they resort to punishing you they may use tactics like the silent treatment making fun of you or any of the other tactics listed in this video the cycle tends to repeat keeping you stuck in it did you relate to any of these signs while manipulation can sometimes be hard to detect it's important to recognize it manipulation can have huge effects on your mental health and overall well-being finding ways to establish boundaries or knowing when to walk away can have massive impacts on your life if you found this video helpful like and share it with friends that might find insight in this too remember to subscribe to psyc2go and hit the notification bell for more content all the sources used are added in the description box below thanks for watching until next time

  Top Comments:
  1. @Psych2go [441 likes]: What are your top pick movies or Netflix series around the theme of manipulation? Comment below.
  2. @ceciliamoore7329 [2 likes]: This video only made me feel like I’m a manipulator, G-d I feel like I’m going crazy
  3. @MitchelleIzzyBella [1 likes]: Thanks :)
  4. @princessslayslayarmy [1 likes]: I feel like this in almost all of my friendships and then I eventually get fed up and then the friendship ends, I don't how to set clear boundaries for respect in relationships I guess 😓
  5. @negimaaddict742 [1 likes]: I didn't realize my partner did this while we were dating. More of the having me question my own reality, I had to step back when it was still happening in our friendship. I hate that I had to go no contact.
It's absolutely killing me not taking his calls.
🫠🫠😭😭
  6. @brookeholyway [1 likes]: I explain this from multiple people 😔😔
  7. @ToxicTalesByDrReed [1 likes]: This is literally my ex to a tee, so many red flags I ignored and now I'm scared I'm still being manipulated.
  8. @Májosreawakened: Yep I know this  its almost like my ocd
  9. @VeryMuchFreshi: So just the aversge public school? Neat.
  10. @mxmarie3700: My sister has a partner who is 20 years older. I’m not sure if he’s manipulating her. But everytime we ask her to come over to my parents place she always seems reluctant to come only if he is there with her. She’s always expecting him to be there and if not makes up excuses to not go unless he’s there with her 24/7. I generally don’t know is going. I’m confused at the situation and don’t know what to do. She’s always stoned and seems to have changed to a completely different person. She’s not her anymore. And when I saw her boyfriend last he ended up with an argument with me. He’s always playing the victim. And quite hurtful in his words. Does anyone know what I should do in this situation as I’m not 100% sure if there’s any type of emotional abuse happening.
  11. @Vidlyx_x: If they make fun of you BUT for joking????
  12. @mxmb5z: I had a teacher in my class who gaslit me when I told someone to stop bothering my friend and my teacher told ME that i was hurting my FRIEND because i didn't "believe" he could defend himself and that "I" was actually hurting him more the helping him, i felt crap ever since because i didn't standed up for myself and hated myself for it, too anyone reading this, I'm ok now and i hope you are too😉
  13. @susando7933: So somehow it will always be my faults and always me ☺️.
  14. @joeahlfs6228: I think 2 of my #CHILDREN may had caught the disease? #PRAYERs
  15. @joeahlfs6228: But she is one of #DEMs liberal #LIARs with #BiPOLAR is thems... #WithPAPERs
  16. @joeahlfs6228: I been with one #FEMALE for 25+ #YEARs & my funny #McCleary like this #Locals should I be #Worried? #Amens
  17. @MarvelousMAYHEM12: This is my mom, and I found myself questioning Everything throughout this entire thing, i love her so much and I know she loves me, and she probably doesn't even know she does all of this but if i send it to her, it'll cause hell fire
  18. @lIllllllllll0: ... My bsf are manipulating me?...
  19. @bz7661: What's with the sound? Sounds like this was recorded in the 100's.
  20. @amberclower9803: I spent 18 months trying to grow close to someone, only to realize I was being mistreated and manipulated. They kept dragging me along and said I had to work to earn their trust and couldn’t be considered their girlfriend until I put in the work. And boy did I work hard in trying to please them which resulted in so many tears on my end, never feeling enough. Realizing what was happening quite late, I later put up boundaries and told them if I wasn’t their girlfriend, then they wouldn’t get the boyfriend treatment, just the dating treatment. I was giving them too much without anything being reciprocated. Only after I put up boundaries (18 months in), suddenly I was the bad guy and they spun everything. The “relationship” lasted 3 more months, of them telling me how I was doing everything wrong, not growing as a person, not putting in effort, that I needed to get checked by a psychiatrist to get diagnosed, and being told by them how I felt (essentially putting words in my mouth). I finally broke it off last month, but I came out of the relationship feeling broken and like a terrible person. If it wasn’t for my friends who know everything, I’d think I was a terrible and crazy person. Don’t do what I did and stay in a relationship after you realize they’re manipulating you. A manipulator doesn’t respond kindly to boundaries and they’ll manipulate you in new ways. Get out while you can. I’m now having to heal and rid myself of negative thoughts which isn’t easy to do after being trained into them.

- Genius YouTube Advice for 15 Minutes Straight...: Kind: captions Language: en here's some amazing YouTube advice from 10 very successful YouTubers let's get into number one any of you listening if if you especially if you have zero videos on your channel your first video is not going to give views period it's not your first 10 are not gonna give views I can very confidently say that so stop sitting there and thinking for months and months on end and just get to work and start uploading like all you need to do is this applies to people that have not uploaded videos but have dreams of being a YouTuber is make 100 videos and improve something every time do that and then on your 100 first video we'll start talking like maybe you can get some views but you know your first hundred okay there are very free cases like Liza koshy or Emma Chamberlain who have really good personalities and it doesn't take them so as many videos and it's just like people who are seven foot five and making the NBA like yes there are free cases you can find but for the average person like us you know who don't have these exceptional personalities and you know backgrounds in filmmaking just make 100 videos improve something each time and then talk to me on your 101st video well do you prove something is times tricky one how do you improve something each time the second one just I don't know put more effort into the script the third one try to learn a new editing trick the fourth one try to figure out a way that you can have better inflections in your voice the fifth one try to you know study a new thumbnail tip and implement it the sixth one try to figure out a new title there's infinite ways that's the beauty of content creation online there's literally infinite ways from the coloring to the frame rate to the editing to the filming to the production to the jokes to the pacing to every little thing can be improved and they can never not be improved there's no there's literally no such thing as a perfect video don't really worry about what your Niche is like people get hung up on this like I don't know what to make videos about it would be like a writer saying I don't know what to write about therefore I'm not going to write or like an artist saying I don't know what my masterpiece is going to be therefore I'm not going to hold a paintbrush it's totally okay for your Niche to emerge over time yes you can take a very calculating route and plot it out in advance and be like okay this is my path or you can do what I recommend which is just start making videos on YouTube about whatever you enjoy whatever you want if I was starting on YouTube I wouldn't really worry about the niche thing I just think you know what let me make videos about the things that I enjoy maybe some close-up magic because I'm not a total loser maybe like iPhones maybe like you know my favorite pen maybe like you know tips are getting started on YouTube maybe Life as a medical student maybe like whatever experiences in my life that I enjoy talking about and that I think I could teach on the internet that is the stuff I would start making videos about and over time as you start making videos about things that you enjoy the audience starts to resonate with some of those things and so your Niche ends up emerging over time I never thought I would be a productivity YouTuber but I seem to have become a productivity YouTuber because that Niche just sort of emerged over time it was not forward planned in advance and so if you've got a lot of interest if you've got a lot of things you're interested in or even if you don't know what to talk about on YouTube just start making stuff and you will figure it out don't be one of those writers who says I don't know what my bestseller book is going to be about therefore I'm not going to write a single word it's the same with YouTube who cares if you don't know what your Niche is your Niche can your Niche will change over time I started off making videos for medical school applicants I now no longer care about medical school applicants in terms of making video is and therefore it's it just sort of changes over time so don't worry about it don't overthink it just make the videos that you enjoy at start the wrongest call to action is to watch another video because now all of a sudden your channel went from like say eight minutes of watch time to 16 minutes of watch time if they watch another one and it shows that this person is in your little Watch Web it also gives you another ad impression like that is the metric that YouTube cares about sure you could ask them to comment you can ask them to like that's totally fine but watching another video exposes them to more of your content and shows YouTube I am a channel that keeps people on this platform for 16 minutes rather than just eight minutes yep that's incredibly well and for everyone listening to call to actions it sounds like one in the first third that may be the like you don't want to ask me to watch another video and leave your correct charm one yes an outro just to clarify is watch another correct yes as opposed to decision fatigue up like watch comment pick that subscribe yeah people don't do any of those it's it's a meaningless call to action Patty Galloway was talking about the ideas of your video and then he's also talking about the titles when it comes to ideas and this is something we do I just don't think we've talked about it enough no for sure he said to think of 100 ideas bring it down to the top 10 and then choose one he goes I can't believe when people think of one video idea and they just go and make it keep in mind these were like Mr Beast he's working with people who require a like killer video idea the point is ideas matter so much on YouTube start with volume and then work your way in the best ones you know transitioning from a video idea to actually landing on a title when Patty was talking about titles it's just crazy how just the reframing of the right title will cause so much interest and his word was curiosity he gave a really cool example he was working with a client in the first variation of the title was inside a 1.7 million dollar New York Loft they didn't really love it and it wasn't there was nothing really interesting about it except the money value but there's probably more expensive ones or whatever right so then they they change it to I found the best loss left in New York and they liked it better they thought it improved and then they added one more thing to it which was I found the best Loft in NYC dot dot dot but nobody wants it and they were like that's the title they opened up this curiosity Loop if it's the best Loft in New York City why does nobody want it how can you breed curiosity into that because naturally you want to click on something that Sparks curiosity you want to know the answer and so you want to click on that video on that note of like deciding what videos to make how much are you good how much does it play on your mind of oh I know if I make this sort of video it'll get this this many views versus more like I feel like making this video because I feel like it and sort of that to me that's always felt like a bit of a spectrum of like doing things because I feel like it versus doing things because I know they'll perform well um how how do you think about sort of videos along along that Spectrum yeah so I think this is super lucky that the videos that I know will do well are the most interesting to me also because they're about probably a piece of tech that is so cool that I want to check it out anyway right so on one half it's like what videos will do well it's uh the the hottest gadgets the most impressive new things that people haven't seen before uh collaborations with really cool interesting people those I I know before we make them are like oh those are going to do pretty well and then on the other half is what do I want to do and sometimes it's well I want to check out this gadget this seems pretty cool well I kind of want to talk to this person they seem really interesting to talk to and suddenly like they're like meshing together and it's kind of the same pool of things so often um again it's like I don't have that much pressure to to like I don't really I'm not interested I'm not into this video but I'm gonna do it anyway because I know what it'll get a lot of views that doesn't happen too often for me because if I know it's going to get a lot of views why is that going to get a lot of views because it's a really interesting piece of tech oh okay so I'm in and has that always been your attitude or was that a thing that changed over time I think that's something I figured out over time I know that there are videos that I make that aren't going to blow up like the ones that are the most popular gadgets but I still want to share them because I still think they're cool and I think if I can make the video in a way that actually shows why I'm so interested in it then it will eventually be interesting to people and we'll catch on so I think that's something I sort of learned probably in the second half of making videos which is that yeah we can we can sort of justify pretty much any video we want to make hey I'd like to take a moment to talk about the sponsor of this video podcast whether you want to do a solo podcast or have all of your friends on podcast allows you to have up to 10 remote guests at a time one of the coolest Parts about this is that each person is going to be recorded locally on separate tracks and it's really easy for bringing guests on because they don't even need a podcast or account you just need to send them their link and then they can come onto your Show podcast even has a mobile app which makes it really easy for recording and exporting your content on the go they truly make it as simple as possible to produce your podcast thank you so much podcast though for sponsoring this video is there ever a point where it's like there's too much content I can't watch at all I think so and that's why sometimes you don't create even more content is not necessarily a bad thing because somebody might skip a day and if they watch your video today and they didn't watch yesterday they'll be like oh I go back she had one yesterday so let me go back and watch that I mean I think it's really just about like focusing on what your audience is sometimes you might not know what your audience is but just listen to them I mean I'm very quickly able to tell if somebody likes a video or they don't like a video in the comments but I think the most painful comments is if the ones where people are like man you know I usually really like your videos but this one wasn't my favorite I'm like oh shoot bird will you ever delete the videos no I mean I've definitely set some to private um mostly because it was just like announcement videos it's like you don't want it up there yeah it's like hey it comes over yeah come meet me here well that was like a week ago right okay even small YouTube channels can lead to Big opportunities one of the things that people make a mistake of is they're too focused on vanity metrics and so we think and we have mistakenly defined success on YouTube as you got to get a silver play button you got to get a gold play button it's about getting as mil as many views as possible and I believe that's a flawed definition of success views or subscribers are not the only metrics for Success one of the underappreciated benefits of starting a YouTube channel is the connections and communities that you build with your audience YouTube allows you to build an a loyal and engaged following which can lead to opportunities for monetization other forms of income collaborations and even career opportunities so the mistake people are making is they're like is it too late to start a YouTube channel it's like what do you even mean like is it too late to start a viral YouTube channel why do you even need to go viral what if you have a different business model what if you get a promotion at your job what if it leads to that next connection or that next partner whatever leads to your future spouse like there's a lot of opportunities that could come from starting a YouTube channel and so you know I just want to present you the data that possibly defining it just by subscribers or vanity metrics is a limited if not completely flawed definition of success and speaking of starting a new channel or if your channel is small if you haven't heard we actually are doing a five-day free YouTube challenge and so if you go to tube1kchallenge.com for the new year if you're interested in saying Sean I do see the opportunity on YouTube I would like to learn some of the best tips and strategies you can go to tube number 1K the letter K challenge.com right now if you want to jump start your views right now and maybe you're not getting the momentum or the growth that you want is jump on Trends within your Niche can you talk about how that completely changed everything to you and what your thoughts are when it comes to people jumping on Trends and what are your tips yeah I think doesn't he call that a trend hacking yeah for sure yeah that's everything right now that's what Mr Beast and from the biggest to the smallest that is one of the best ways to Garner views and the audience and uh following the subscribers and sessions so um for me it's kind of funny I know if I have a gadget a tech product that is maybe about to be released if I get maybe a pre-release review unit then it's almost like four certain okay well people are going to be searching about it and talking about it right on that release date and so that video will do well now of course um you don't always get that product early that's very that's very hard especially when you're first starting out so maybe if that product just releases and I can maybe go buy it and then quick in a couple days turn around the video that will often do well another thing is a scene that wave or that Trend uh the virality of something before it hits I was on that wave right before it started to take off and that's why I think um I made it just a well condensed little review of video on hoverboards and uh and then YouTube really liked it it's like okay this is the authority on hoverboards and so when all these millions of people are searching for hoverboards and how to buy one and stuff like that I was the one that they promoted and so uh there's a lot of it's easier said than done but trying to stay ahead of the curve on what that next trend is going to be and then uh riding that wave and then you gotta remember that that wave will finish it'll crash down and then you gotta paddle back out and then find the next one nothing uh survives forever so I see a lot of people even myself hoverboards they were hot for a little while and then they faded away and it's like okay if I only did hoverboard reviews my channel would be dead but I had to Pivot and I like all things Tech anyway so that was kind of a natural fit but uh but yet always looking for that next wave is really key so what's the secret to creating a good short a lot of b-rolls everything that I stayed I have a b-roll like and then the doctor came in with this interesting device and I showed the device so every phrase has to be supported by footage that shows what's going on and the more relevant the footage is the better it is for the video they have to be as relevant as possible because sometimes we go to Shutterstock I like we're talking about oh a lot of students in the US and then we have these faces that we've seen everywhere like plastic acting you know I don't know they'll like you see they're not relatable because they're actors and the production quality is amazing but this is not what works for shorts something that's raw something that is filmed with an iPhone maybe worse quality this is what people are looking for in that type of content we experimented a lot with repurposed videos from YouTube you can just tell that this video was not made for shorts and you're like why should I bother if the Creator didn't bother creating a short specific video and we noticed that once I switched to creating content specifically for short videos that the traction has been tremendous there's such a tendency especially in a world where able to count your views in real time that if it doesn't work today it's never going to work and you know like I talked to Jimmy Mr Beast about this a lot like I spent whatever seven years making videos before he had one that broke a thousand views or something extraordinary like that and now he's doing a billion views a month um or my brother van who's the most brilliant mind on all of YouTube and you know van had this initial explosion of interest because he and I worked so hard to promote his first you know his first videos and then I explained to him I was like look it's all going to go away you're going to find your Baseline then you're gonna build from there and he's been consistently uploading for a year making the best work he can make and now he's really building out what is going to be a successful long-term career making videos and putting them on the Internet yeah it's extremely unsexy it's extremely uninteresting and no one wants to hear that it takes time but it takes time and I think if uh it's something that especially if you're young and just getting into this you don't want to invest but patience is really the most undervalued um aspect of succeeding in the world of media today you have all the agency in the world you don't need anything from anyone but if you're not willing to commit the time to it you're never going to find that success 100 if you want to learn how to grow a YouTube channel this year then click on the screen and watch this video and I'll see you guys in the next one

  Top Comments:
  1. @ThinkMediaTV [31 likes]: 🔥 Get Your First 1K Subs & Earn Your First $1K on YouTube with this FREE Challenge here! 👉  https://geni.us/zBYxN
  2. @Daniel_art-i9h [1 likes]: I will never give up
  3. @KishTalksCredit [1 likes]: This video is gold, thank you!
  4. @sumotriangle [1 likes]: Best advice compilations
  5. @makiomototv [1 likes]: Everyone who is reading this comment, I hope your channel grows this year and you get monetized. This video motivated me to start a youtube channel!
  6. @rhyme_asmr [1 likes]: 100likes, and I'll ask my friend go to date😢
  7. @GenXStuff: Yep, stuck, brand new.... and needed to see and hear all of this.  Thank you for the time you took to make this video for me. Needed it.
  8. @ABC_Beats-d8s: Thanks for the advice, I'm getting motivated over this.
  9. @BrookeYt-u3t: All small creators gather here
  10. @AshikAli-md2ci: how to improve memory and focus
  11. @TheHealingHand22: Thanks for sharing!!!
  12. @中村美桜-u7v: My confusion just rage quit.
  13. @EnglishUnlocked-l5n: I only have a few subscribers 😢
  14. @EnglishUnlocked-l5n: I only have a few subscribers 😢
  15. @Joe_AmazingSlots: Just started my YouTube channel. I am going to post until my dreams come true.
  16. @teegaming121: THE GRIND DONT STOP!!!
  17. @josephinesuji5900: That is exactly what I am doing. I am now on the 380th video and still hoping. They are however mostly very short videos
  18. @Trading4Newbies: Alot of knowledge 💯 👌
  19. @ClassicComedyRewind: As a new channel this video helped me.  Thank you.
  20. @Verde_Vlogs: My goal is to reach 100k subscribers and this video truly helps.

- How to Write a Hook? (Includes Activity): Kind: captions Language: en out of the corner of my eye i saw the impossible a leprechaun the first line of an essay or story is called the hook this is the writer's chance to grab the reader's attention and entice the reader to read on a common technique to hook a reader is to drop them into the middle of the action similar to what i did in my opening line impossible a leprechaun another technique is to surprise or shock your reader with a statistic or statement the average american eats 13 pounds of ice cream each year this makes for an intriguing hook because it is shocking and causes the reader to think hmm i wonder what point the writer is trying to make still another technique is to use a rhetorical question this is a question asked in order to create a dramatic effect or to make a point rather than to get an answer for example you could write this do we really want our planet to survive the answer to this question seems obvious of course we want our planet to survive and that is what makes this question a good hook it causes the reader to wonder what point the writer is trying to make for the following activity you're going to practice writing a one to two sentence hook on a given topic for example if your topic is scorpions you could write as evening crept closer a creature crept towards me it was a scorpion glowing in the dark or perhaps you could write as i watched tv a scorpion stung my foot or maybe you could say there are 30 to 40 species of scorpions that have the capacity to kill humans what you write for your hook is up to you just be sure your hook corresponds with the topic you are given you will have a total of five hooks to write let's begin topic one write a hook or opening line about a hat topic two write a hook or opening line about a spill topic three write a hook or opening line about a dog [Music] topic four about school topic 5 write a hook or opening line about video games

  Top Comments:
  1. @frankcafarella8750 [3 likes]: Good stuff. Thanks for sharing.
  2. @aliarammal97 [1 likes]: Ok
  3. @lorrainebmguni2603: How a simple water spill  saved my marriage
  4. @lorrainebmguni2603: The surprising truth behind why the first hat was made.
  5. @sherinpaul7693: Very good info of a hook
  6. @ngudornard7421: Ok you
  7. @GODISCOMINGBACKSOON-f5c: God loves you
  8. @MrEgg24: Ree

- Hook Your Reader: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] book your reader with an awesome grabby this is your reader sieving shall be poured reading all about animals that you're here to prove her wrong because you'll soon know three ways to put or grab your reader onomatopoeia girl asking a question what is the fastest animal on earth exclamation watch out these will get your reader excited to keep reading can you think of any onomatopoeia BAM zap whoosh or flat splash page can you think of any questions you could ask what's that behind you have you ever seen an animals so big what's that sound how about an explanation look out it's so fluffy that's so cool that's huge oh my goodness now you're ready you go and hook your readers created using powtoon

- How to Write a Gripping Hook for Your Story: Kind: captions Language: en readers have often said that my novels do a very good job of hooking them and making it impossible for them to put down the book so in this video I'll be sharing my six step process for helping you immediately hook your readers on page one of your story so that they don't want to put your book down to show these principles in action I'll also be helping Michael who is a young writer who's just sort of starting out in his author Journey improve his opening Pages what would you say you're struggling with the most uh everything I actually had 18 Riders send in their opening pages to me after I put up a link in my community section so thank you to all you brave souls for contributing I read through a lot of your stories and the six steps I'm about to share in this video actually come from seeing the kind of common mistakes that kept cropping up in all these stories step number one start with the story in miniature so I have this theory that good openings are basically openings where the author understands what the entire story is about and then they compress it down into almost like a short story version of their wider narrative so a classic example here is the opening of Indiana Jones and the Raiders of the Lost Ark one of my favorite movies of all time The Wider film is about a Plucky archaeologist who is basically navigate getting all these dangerous traps and figuring out pathways through these different myths and legends in order to find these treasures and keep them safe from people who would seek to exploit them for power or for money now the opening gives you that entire structure just compressed down into a short 10 minute version why is this so effective well by having a kind of distinct opening scene like this with a very clear beginning middle and end it shows your readers that you know how to structure a cohesive narrative you're earning their trust it's also the best way to clearly establish your tone and the kind of style of the story if readers like this little opening sample you're giving them and they're probably going to enjoy the rest of the novel as well this is actually something that Michael did quite well on his opening page which I'll link to in the description if you want to check that out Michael has written a fantasy story about these two sibling thieves set in a floating Asian inspired City like most people in this world these two thieves have these stars on the palms of their hands that give them different Elemental abilities you have done a really great job of capturing the story in miniature with your opening here you know your story opens with two thieves that are escaping from a burning mansion and after their mission goes wrong and that's pretty much like what your story is about on a thematic level as a whole it doesn't always have to be like a one-to-one thing where you you make it an exact copy of your wider story but it's more about just like showing readers hey this is what you can expect this is the type of story that I'm gonna write for you the way that you could take this to an even bigger level is to really try to express some of the kind of wider themes that your story is exploring in this opening step number two show a character with agency uniqueness and momentum agency means your character is doing something that progresses them towards their goal unieness means that they are making decisions and choices that 95 of all the characters wouldn't make and then lastly momentum means that they are in the process of pursuing something interesting they're not just standing around waiting for the story to happen that doesn't mean they have to be physically pursuing their goals like a chase scene or something they could also be verbally or kind of emotionally trying to pursue something as well for example a character trying to get a job now why these three traits well I think these three traits are really important because the goal of the opening is to really get your readers invested in your character as quickly as possible and having a character with agency uniqueness and momentum is a really good shortcut for getting readers interested in what they're doing when it comes to your story like you've nailed the momentum aspect with nine because we're thrown literally into the middle of a burning building while she's doing her Heist and the uniqueness aspect also comes across quite well when she's talking about oh it's so annoying how buildings always catch fire when I'm in them um yeah that was really great I like that what I think you've done here really well is like personality-based uniqueness I'd love to also see some action-based units you're playing this to a small extent with how she's a little bit Reckless later it would be good if you can emphasize that a bit more to show that like this is a character who's gonna do actions and responses that are sort of different to most other characters in the story step three explore meaningful internal conflict within your character in a movie you can have a great opening just with physical action now you can try to do that in a book as well but it won't be as effective because you don't have the visuals and the music and the other unique elements of film to rely upon instead if you really want to hook readers it's so important to quickly introduce meaningful internal conflict within a character what are they struggling against what desires are competing within them what tensions are threatening to tear them apart so agency uniqueness and momentum these are all really important to start the process of hooking readers but in order to actually cement that hook and get readers fully invested for the next 10 hours of their life you really need to be moving towards showing some meaningful internal conflict and struggle within your character I would say this is probably the one area where your opening falls down the most at the moment um aside from nine being kind of annoyed that buildings always catch fire around her which is good um she feels a little blank in these opening Pages can you add a few extra sentences to show why the heist is so important to her what happens if she fails to steal this item you really need to make that something that readers feel invested in I definitely think bringing up you know her father and the reason that she's doing these criminal activity it's really her biggest fear I think step four raise interesting questions ultimately what you want to be doing with the opening couple of pages in your novel is opening a bunch of question Loops where you raise a question and then a bit later on you answer it that is a complete Loop now you want to have a combination of kind of long question Loops throughout your novel for example you might have a murder that takes place at the start of the book that doesn't get resolved doesn't get answered and the question Loop closed until the end of the novel however it's also important to have some shorter question Loops so you can continuously give readers the sense of progression and payoff you can kind of think of question Loops as having three distinct Parts there is the promise which is when the question is set up there is a progression where the characters work towards finding an answer and then there is the payoff where the answer is revealed now this doesn't necessarily mean you have to introduce the overall question Arc of your story right away in fact it's usually quite an effective technique to spend the first 25 of your novel using shorter question Loops just to get readers invested enough so that then you can actually unload on them with the true question that your story is about a really good example of this is the first Harry Potter book you don't really get to The Wider questions of the story until about the end of part one 25 of the way through but in the opening couple of chapters Rowling basically gives us a bunch of smaller question loops like why is Harry getting all of these weird letters and it's basically using these smaller question Loops as a way to just quickly draw readers in giving them the sense of progression and payoff by answering these questions in a relatively rapid span of time and then that gets us to The Wider question of once he's a Hogwarts house are you going to deal with life there one of the Advanced Techniques that I would recommend with your question Loops is to really consider what questions readers are interested in for your genre so for example in fantasy usually readers are very interested in the magic and the world and maybe like the politics so you should be raising questions that sort of pique readers interest in those categories step five start late leave early don't start with the character waking up like having breakfast brushing their teeth walking outside and then getting attacked just start with them getting attacked again in the instant that the Ordinary World is disrupted and that things start changing and in the instant that your opening scene can be finished wrap it up a dark knight is a perfect example of this it starts right when a bank heist begins it doesn't show 10 minutes of preparation beforehand just gets right into the action and then it ends just after promising us that we're going to see This brilliant cunning villain in the form of the Joker whatever doesn't kill you simply makes you stranger this is something Michael's story did really well he literally starts with the main character stumbling out of a burning room in a building that she's trying to steal something from and it ends like the instant that she jumps out of that building step number six craft curiosity with your opening line when you write your first draft I don't think you should worry about your opening line that much once you are coming back to edit I think you should seriously spend hours on that first line because the fact is that the majority of readers are not going to give your book more than 10 to 15 seconds so if you're not hooking them and giving a first impression right away in that first sentence they're probably going to move on to something else however saying that you don't just want to have a gimmicky first line in fact some of the greatest opening lines I've read just get straight to the point they don't worry about being clever they just throw you into the story for example the opening line of red dragon which is the first Hannibal Lecter novel goes something like this will Graham sat Crawford down at a picnic table between the house and the ocean and gave him a glass of iced tea simple no pretension just get the story moving right away basically what you want to do with your gardening line is take all the previous five steps I've mentioned and compress them down into the space of that opening line or your opening couple of sentences and in fact if you follow the previous five steps in order you'll probably find that your opening line almost takes care of itself to give an example from my own book across the broken Stars Leon hated Varian airships but since unloading them put beers on his table he faked A Smile as he picked up the crate here you can see the opening line follows all the previous steps that I've discussed it shows the whole story in miniature because Leon is basically having to hide his true nature from the varians who have colonized his Nation number two he's got agency even though he is sort of working for someone else he is actually doing something physically number three he's got uniqueness because you know he is actually having thoughts that are very different to his actions he's also got momentum because he's like actually doing a thing he's not just sitting around thinking and then lastly he's got meaningful internal conflict he hates and despises the varians but still has to work for them and kind of resents himself for having to do this it also goes without saying that you need to put a ton of effort into making your opening line as grammatically perfect and easy to read and as flowing as possible there are zero excuses for typos here so applying that to Michael's story here is what he initially wrote down in his opening lines nine Eleanor gag through smoke that she absolutely did not create staying low young Flames licked her back as she dashed from the burning room why do buildings always have to catch fire when she was inside them it wasn't her fault I suggested changing that to this nine staggered out of the burning room gagging on the smoke Flames licked her back as she fell into the hallway why did houses always have to catch fire when she was inside them hopefully what you can see there is it flows a bit better it's a bit more active and we immediately start with a bit more momentum because nine is staggering right away from the very first sentence and that just blew my mind so I'm gonna be thinking about that a lot sorry those are my six steps to craft a great opening page of the hooks your readers thanks for watching if you enjoyed this video you might like this one cheers and I'll see you in the next video foreign [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @Jed_Herne [24 likes]: Read the opening pages of Michael's story here: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1-r1qj2OtZasl17SDv43fZAwlnJb7uvfd/edit?usp=sharing&ouid=105089298016551385572&rtpof=true&sd=true
  2. @ЕвгенийЛитвин-л2ъ [19 likes]: 9:35 Dresden Files starts very similar. "The building was on fire, and it wasn't my fault."
  3. @cjpreach [2 likes]: JED HERNE  --  I'm encouraged.  The opening page of my current WIP measures up.  All the key elements of the opening page are addressed on the final page.  The central issue is in the opening sentence.  The last line of the novel shows how the Protag has accepted his new understanding of his life.  And I even have one burning building in the narrative!  hehehe.   Love this video.  Well done.
  4. @JoshuaMusasule [1 likes]: 0:40 firstly, you can start with a miniature.   Essentially, you’ll already understand the entire story so that u can summarise it and then

2:26 show a character with agency, uniqueness and momentum.  Firstly, agency means doing something that progresses to your goal, uniqueness means they’re making choices most ppl won’t make, momentum means their in the middle of doing something interesting

3:48 explore meaningful internal conflict
  5. @HarbingerAjax [1 likes]: Is the mundane start ok if it’s the characters version of mundane? 
Such as a character looking out over a content from an airship thousands of feet in the sky, flying on a dragon, or something of a more interesting nature for us that tells us this is the normal pace in that world?
  6. @GladionD.Peirce [1 likes]: 3:58 was kinda cringe, i don know how Jed got the courage to post that online, mas respect
  7. @findyourinnergalaxy865 [1 likes]: OMG THIS HAS BEEN SOOOO helpful! I feel I just got the missing key, so 4/5 of those things I surprised myself to be things I was actually doing, but shortening the story down to a line, or few has just helped so much. I had honestly never thought about it that way. I finally have the opening line of my novel. No matter how much I wrote the hook It wasn't 'it' and now it is!!!!!! THANK YOUUUUU SOOOO MUCHHHHH!!!!! (I definitely didn't just run around screaming) I am going to watch many of your videos now!!!!
  8. @The-Lady-Of-The-Lakes [1 likes]: Would somebody please rate my idea for my first sentence of my book? Please give honest criticism. The sentence is, "Five different people, from five different countries, were all traveling to one city, on one night."
  9. @sambakerman9406 [1 likes]: My challenge to anyone.....how do you implement every step of this without using the cliche heist scene. 

I swear every fantasy story these days opens with this due this advice being so common. 

Yes Indiana had a great opening, it's a heist....but the other key to a gripping hook is to be original. 
The heist is so over done....
I rolled my eyes when it was used in 'arcane' luckily the show got better after that.
  10. @_furydance8890 [1 likes]: that random Tom Cruise run😂
  11. @ASHLEYJONES-i1e: my favouritw fantasy book is jed herne what made you use his bame for youre username on youtube
  12. @emily-katec2165: Agency and momentum are the same thing.
  13. @PleaseMurderMyFamily: 👺👺👺👺👺👺👺👺👺👺
👺👺👺👺👺👺👺👺👺👺
👺👺👺👺👺👺👺👺👺👺
👺👺👺👺👺👺👺👺👺👺
  14. @melissagentile2496: Hi Jed! When is your next outline workshop?
  15. @Bomber_squad: Is this effective for Manga?
  16. @kray_lin_void: I wish I could send my first chapter of my story
But I don't speech English 😅
  17. @lizzzz9231: 9:48 NOOO, pls don't take the 'young' out of his first paragraph, I absolutely loved 'young flames'. I think it really adds to the imagery and situation! Pls pls pls put it back🙌🏼
  18. @excursioncomics8841: For those who never heard and for those who wanna share it.

HERE IS THE MILLION-DOLLAR QUESTION: Will you go to Heaven when you die? Here’s a quick test: Have you ever lied, stolen, or used God’s name in vain? Jesus said, “Whoever looks at a woman to lust for her has already committed adultery with her in his heart.” If you have done these things, God sees you as a lying, thieving, blasphemous, adulterer at heart, and the Bible warns that one day God will punish you in a terrible place called Hell. But God is not willing that any should perish. Sinners broke God’s Law and Jesus paid their fine. This means that God can legally dismiss their case: “For God so loved the world that He gave His only begotten Son, that whoever believes in Him should not perish but have everlasting life.” Then Jesus rose from the dead, defeating death. Today, repent and trust Jesus, and God will give you eternal life as a free gift. Then read the Bible daily and obey it. God will never fail you.❤❤❤
  19. @srinivastatachar4951: Readers these days seem to be too impatient to take their time to savor their fine literature, the way one would swirl, sniff and sip a great wine before relishing its after-taste as it washes down one's gullet... No, sir! These days, it's all swig-swig-swig, gulp-gulp-gulp... wolf down your food and drink with nary a taste bud spared to registering the faintest nuance of taste!  Highly disappointing, and a thorough damper on any verve one might muster up for the craft!  A motivation-killer, if you ask me!     What's the hurry?  
==============================================================================================================================================================
  20. @emmanuellaeledu: BRILLIANT VIDEO AS ALWAYS!!!

- How to Write a Hook and Engage your Audience: Kind: captions Language: en-US With the deadline approaching, Ken stares at his blinking cursor, unable to write a word. Why is it so difficult to write a captivating hook? Ken is not alone. So many students struggle with starting their essays, but in this video I'll explain the most common techniques you can use to write a hook. And I'll tell you the absolute best technique you can use, whether it's in an essay or a sales pitch. First, what is a hook and why do I need it? A hook consists of the first few sentences of your introduction that's used to captivate or hook your audience, so they want to keep reading or listening. A hook should be intriguing and related to the topic of the essay or speech so that your audience starts engaging with your ideas. Okay, but how do I create a hook? One option is to create a vivid description or tell a story. This technique engages your audience right away because they need to imagine the scenario you're painting with. Your words use vivid verbs to show what someone is doing and add only relevant details that will easily transition to the topic of your essay. When you can't think of a way to hook your audience, another option is to let someone else do it by using a quote. The quote should be from someone with authority on the topic you're writing about, and it should be something interesting that they say. Make sure it's not too long since you don't want it to run on and have the reader lose interest. And don't forget to cite your quotation. Another way to hook your audience is to start with an interesting fact or a statistic. The fact or statistics should be fairly unknown and something that may slightly shock the audience. Again, remember to properly cite your information. Another way to hook your audience is to ask meaningful questions. Many times students will ask a rhetorical question, but it's not always meaningful. Other times students will ask a question that just repeats the prompt in order to create a meaningful question. Think about what you'd ask your audience. If you want your audience to really care about your topic. What aspect of your topic could they connect with? Finally, the best way to hook your audience is to use the story technique and combine it with another technique. Why the emphasis on a story? Well, according to cognitive psychologist Jerome Bruner. He suggests that we are 22 times more likely to remember a fact when it has been wrapped in a story. Why? Because stories are memorable. Stories help us grab the gist of an idea quickly. The trigger or emotion as you decide which technique to use. Here's a list of do's and don'ts for writing hooks. First, keep it short and clear. Writing 1 to 3 sentences for your hook is ideal. Next, make sure your hook introduces and leads into your main topic. You don't want your hook to focus on a topic not covered in the essay. Another tip is to make sure you cite outside information in order to avoid plagiarism. Next, even though your hook is the first part, the audience reads. Try to write it last. It helps to have your argument established so you can think of an appropriate hook to draw in that audience. Finally, don't start with a dictionary definition. Definitions tend to be dry and boring and don't really engage audiences.

  Top Comments:
  1. @xingchenwang3984 [11 likes]: Sigma
  2. @keno9114 [11 likes]: When she said "Ken is not alone" I felt that lmao
  3. @techmeetsrhet [7 likes]: What's your favorite technique to write hooks?

00:00 Start
00:23 What is a hook?
00:43 Tip #1 on how to create a hook
01:04 Tip #2 on how to create a hook
01:25 Tip #3 on how to create a hook
01:41 Tip #4 on how to create a hook
02:06 The BEST option to create a hook
02:36 Dos and Don’ts of writing hooks
  4. @HADOVIA_BALL [4 likes]: I came here cuz of my teacher 😭
  5. @jonathanrice8236 [3 likes]: This is great. I am using this video to teach my freshmen students. Can you add captions to help with my EL learners?
  6. @user-zp6ff2gr4n [2 likes]: If you can't write, just start writing. Anything. The muse will arrive in less than 20 minutes
  7. @tellypandel7847 [2 likes]: This was fantastic! It jogged my memory to help my students write their introduction today.
  8. @Jasontv-uk2rm [2 likes]: d
  9. @nandi8709 [1 likes]: Because you lowered the volume
  10. @ShakeriaD.Johnson: that was so good
  11. @YuvrajChaudhary-u3l: 67
  12. @Icon-e: THANKS SO MUCH
  13. @cpeury: i hate school
  14. @LearningIsfun-g7u: Thanks
  15. @nathanoriely: Thanks i am from tvet
  16. @OliciaReid-f1s: i....
  17. @nandi8709: Dumbos
  18. @nandi8709: Who are you guys
  19. @arikeca5362: med school insiders?
  20. @DBZKU_: This helped me thanks! 0:41

- YouTube Shorts: Hooks and Curiosity Loops That Explode Your Views: Kind: captions Language: en YouTube Shorts are the most underutilized tool when it comes to marketing. I honestly think vertical is the future, and so the better you get at it, the more exposure you're going to have. The worst mistake businesses and marketers make with YouTube Shorts is they view it as a promotional tool. Most of the clients that I work with, they have this issue until I point out that, "Hey, people can see right through what you're doing." Shorts need to be their own piece of content. If your Shorts are good enough, if they provide education, entertainment, people will stay to the end. And so 10 Shorts down, your next Short will pop up. Give free value. Just give free value all the time. And when you approach YouTube Shorts like that, you will succeed. My special guest is a YouTube Shorts expert who helps marketers and entrepreneurs get attention and grow their business with Shorts. His community is called The Reel Creators. He's the founder of HookBomb.com, a tool designed to help your Shorts go viral. And you can find him on YouTube at Creator Rant. John Scott, welcome to the show. How you doing today? Hey. I'm good. Thanks for having me. I'm excited. Cool. So, before we get into YouTube Shorts, tell me a little bit about your journey. How did you get into short-form video? Okay. So I started YouTube about five years ago. Before that, I was in a touring band. I was a band guy. I was a musician. But towards the end of that, I moved to Germany and I kind of started a new life in Germany. And after about six months, I got that creative itch. I wanted to do something, but I didn't know anybody, so music was out of the question. And I started 3D animation, surprisingly. And that's really what got me into YouTube because I wanted to show off my animations and stuff like that. And that's when I started looking into how to get more views, how to get more subscribers, that sort of content. And I started watching people like Tim Schmoyer from Video Creators and vidIQ. And I ended up becoming one of the biggest fans of vidIQ because I was just constantly watching them. And they had this live stream thing that you could submit your videos, and they would review it. But the thing was, it was always like 300 people in there, so the numbers weren't in your favor. And they had a community where you could be priority if you wanted to join the community. It was called Max. They don't have it anymore. So I joined, and I did that for a couple reasons. One, I wanted to get the review, but two, I wanted to get in front of them, maybe make an impression, something like that, and it worked. One of the workers at vidIQ saw my content, and he was starting a new channel, and he asked if I wanted to be the editor for it, and I'm like, "Okay, sweet." His name's Travis. And so I edited some videos for him, and they were really good, really funny. It was a channel called Travis Tries. And we did that for a few months until he said, "Man, vidIQ needs a thumbnail designer." I'm like, "Okay. I'll apply." Long story short, I did get that job, and I was making thumbnails for about three months until they asked, because they knew my editing skills, they asked if I wanted to make my own video about how I went full time on YouTube. And so I did, and people really loved it. They loved the editing of it. And so vidIQ was like, "Well, do you want to make one about editing?" I'm like, "Sure." So it took me about a month, and I made a crazy video about editing. People loved that. And then about a month later, I was a new face for vidIQ. And so I worked there for a couple years, and I had my own side project, which was John Scott. It was a channel with my name, and I did short content on there. I did a lot of experimenting. But eventually I figured out the formula for me, and those started getting millions of views, and I had to put more time into it because it started paying all my bills. When you get millions of views, Shorts can pay your bills. A lot of people will say Shorts isn't worth it for money, but it is if you're good enough. And so that's basically what I did. I quit vidIQ. I left. My last video was, "Hey, I'm leaving, but here's how much Shorts make." And so, yeah, that's basically what happened. I went to the John Scott stuff, and about three months later, I stopped. I was not fulfilled with it because the audience I was appealing to skewed younger. There was a lot of kind of brain rot type comments, and I'm like, "I'm 35. This is not for me." But in my personal community, I was helping a lot of people. I was teaching them how to tell stories and all that stuff. And when they said, "John, your advice made me go viral," that's when I got fulfilled. I'm like, "Oh, I have to chase that dragon." And so I started a channel called Creator Rant, and I'm teaching people how to succeed in the Shorts feed. Awesome. Love that story, and definitely shout out to Tim and the vidIQ crew over there. So, all right. So YouTube Shorts is really your area of domain expertise right now. And there's a lot of people listening right now that perhaps understand TikTok, they understand Instagram, maybe even Facebook, Shorts, Reels. So what is it about YouTube Shorts that you want to explain to all the marketers and creators that are listening right now? What's the benefit? What's the upside specifically to YouTube when it comes to Shorts? Okay. YouTube. Well, YouTube Shorts are honestly the most underutilized tool when it comes to marketing because of just one simple reason. People don't know what they're doing with it. That's the problem. Most business people, most marketers. It's not TikTok, it's not Instagram Reels. Every platform prioritizes their own metrics, their own specific metrics. For Instagram, it's things like sharing because they have the whole seamless DM feature, but YouTube doesn't have that. So YouTube prioritizes watch time. How long can you keep the viewer watching before they swipe away? And the longer you keep them, the better YouTube... feels about you and the more impressions it'll give your video. So, yeah, if you do that well, if you know how to work it, then your shorts, I think this is the most important, that they can build trust, they can build brand loyalty. You have this connection with a viewer. Of course, exposure goes without saying. I just spilled water everywhere. And yeah, for YouTube Shorts, honestly, I think the ROI is exceedingly high. You put in a little bit of work for a 30-second video. That's why I gravitated towards it, because I am a bit of a perfectionist, and I only put in so much work, and then I put it out, and if it fails, then I can just move on to the next thing, and you learn very, very fast. I recommend Pat Flynn's Lean Learning for figuring out how that method whole works. But yeah. I honestly think vertical is the future because of how, I hate to say it, but how addictive it is. And so the better you get at it, the more exposure you're going to have. And honestly, I think vertical is going to get longer. And so the more you learn now, the better you will be in the future. I love it. And folks, remember that YouTube is pure video platform, right? All the other platforms are not just video. You know what I mean? Instagram has images. Well, TikTok might be pure video now that I think of it. I'm not active on that platform. But when you compare it to Instagram, Instagram is not 100% pure play video platform. They were designed from the get-go to be for images, and YouTube was designed from the get-go to be for video. So there are people specifically that go to YouTube to find content exclusively, and the other thing goes without saying is that they are the number two search engine in the world, owned by the number one search engine in the world, Google. So people kind of forget about the fact that this could show up in search, google.com right? So there's a lot of huge advantages, specifically to YouTube and specifically to Shorts. So now that we're drilling into Shorts here now, before we get into some really important things to do to create Shorts that really perform well, is there any groundwork we need to cover? Is there any foundational things that we need to talk about before we get into that? Yeah. I mentioned that they got to know how to do it. They got to know how to work the Shorts feed, and when businesses are focused on the Shorts, they make big mistakes. Okay, so the worst mistake businesses and marketers make with YouTube Shorts is they view it as a promotional tool. It's like something they can use to sell to people, and that's not the right way to go about it. They do that instead of giving value. There is a way to advertise. There's a really good way, but if you do it right, it can go viral, and when you go viral, you have lots of conversions. So it eventually achieves the same goal. But when you start out with that goal in mind and only that goal, it's bad. It's real bad. So basically what happens is businesses will upload their Short, and then it'll get about 1,000 views. This is the seed audience, and then it'll flatline, and then they're like, "Is that it? That's YouTube Shorts?" And so they upload again, and then it flatlines again. And then they do it again, and it flatlines again, and they have no idea why. They have no idea what's going on. And most of the clients that I work with, they have this issue until I point out that, "Hey, people can see right through what you're doing. You're just trying to get them to go to your landing page, or you're just trying to get them to go to your long-form content," which is another big mistake that a lot of people don't realize they're making. They think that Shorts are a trailer, a teaser for bigger things that they can show these people. But the secret is that Shorts viewers don't want to leave the Shorts feed, and YouTube doesn't want them to leave the Shorts feed. And so if you play by YouTube's game, then things will start working out for you. Basically what I'm saying is Shorts need to be their own piece of content. You can't say, "Hey, if you want to learn more, check out my long-form video." All of that, people will not watch. And if you leave something hanging, if you didn't give them entertainment or you didn't give them something to learn, then there's no viewer satisfaction in this Short. And so I'll tell you two examples where this does work, podcasts like this one and live streams. If you use clips from those, they can get people to move over to convert very easily, because say you take a clip from this podcast, you'll clip something that I said that is a piece of value. It's its own video. Without the podcast, it can still survive on its own. It can still get a lot of views, and viewers get value from it. But when people say, "Here's what's going on, here's what my brand represents. Click here to learn more," it's not going to work. That's where you get that flatline. This is where a lot of businesses suffer. I have a good example of this. There is a video I saw yesterday in the Shorts feed. It was a hair product, okay? And it starts out with, it's like a top-down shot of the top of this guy's head, and then a hand comes in with, I think it's a spray can or something like that, or no, it's a can of powder. And so the hand turns over, it pours powder all over his head, it's on his face, and then she pours water on it, and then it's a huge mess. And the hand, I guess maybe it's his wife or whatever, she rubs the top of his head and shows her hand, and it's a gigantic mess. This alone is entertaining. It's chaotic. People are like, "Wow, this is funny." There's a little bit of dopamine in that. And then shortly after, they show another one, and it's nice and smooth. And then it says link in description. And that little part that made the sale was so short. People got it. They're like, "Oh, wow. That's very, very effective." But-They were also entertained. And so there was viewer satisfaction regardless of whether they advertised or not. So there's no ulterior motive if there are two motives, and one of the motives has to be value. And so, yeah, that's really a big mistake a lot of businesses make. They just think, "Oh, I'm trying to move them to my landing page or my long-form videos." But it's like, no, try to make value in the Shorts alone. And this might feel counterintuitive. You might think, well, if I do that then I'll never get sales, and the whole point is conversions. But it's not the case. Google had this research. It was something like seven hours of interaction across 11 touch points over four platforms or something like that. And they said that's how you convert, that's how you get a sale, over that seven hours. And that's just not the case. I just don't believe that that's how it works for YouTube Shorts because of the data that I have. Basically, if your Shorts are good enough, if they provide education, entertainment, people will stay to the end. You'll have a higher watch time, and your retention will tell YouTube, "Hey, this person's worth watching." And so 10 Shorts down as they're scrolling, your next Short will pop up. Or they'll leave eventually, and then next time they come on, YouTube will show one of your Shorts to them. After three Shorts, they choose to go to the long-form, or they choose to figure out what you're talking about, and when it's the viewer's choice, then you've made the sale without even trying. All you got to do is just give free... Alex Hormozi, "Give free value. Just give free value all the time." That's it. You build this reputation, you build this trust, and when you approach YouTube Shorts like that, you will succeed. Love it. Okay. Super cool. And a lot of marketers that are listening right now instinctively probably understand what you're talking about, especially if they create any kind of content at all. The simple philosophy here is that you have to do what the platforms want and what the watchers want, right? The platforms want you to want consumers, viewers, to stay to the end of the video. Well, if you start doing direct marketing, they're not going to stay to the end of the video, therefore, your views are not going to be seen. That's the platform desire. And when you layer in what do consumers want, well, they didn't come into the Shorts feed to be sold necessarily. They know when a commercial pops up, and my guess is commercials do pop up in between the Shorts, right? And it's pretty obvious it's a commercial. But when they're watching the non-commercial Shorts, they're intentionally looking to either learn something or to be entertained. Therefore, if you can leverage that concept and you can do it in the right way, it's free advertising effectively, right? And this is what we're going to talk about today. I would rather create content that is shown to my target audience for free over and over again than have to pay. So that's really what we're here to talk about today. So thank you for setting up all this foundation. And here's what I heard you say so far. Number one, don't view it as a promo tool. Focus on value. Number two, do not try to push people to long-form content unless you've got some value you can extract from long-form content and it can stand on its own. Yeah. And the key thing is every Short should stand alone, meaning it should be good enough that it does not require them to have to go to something else. Right. It's like a little movie, for lack of better words. And focus on entertaining and focus on learning. What do those do? So now, given all this foundation that you've set, how do we actually begin? Because there is some kind of magic, if you will, or secret wisdom that you have learned, having done a lot of this. So share with us kind of where we start. Okay. All right. Let me preface this by saying the two most powerful weapons in your marketing arsenal, especially for short-form content, are observation, which is what works and why, and then perspective. If you can see like the viewer, the consumer, the target audience, you're golden. That's it. Those are the two things. So we'll get to perspective here in a bit, but let's start with observation. This is my bread and butter. This is what I love to do. So this is without a doubt the easiest way to go viral with short-form content. I see it all the time. I see it every day. I help my clients. I help my creators, and I don't make the claim lightly because reputation means everything now, especially in the age of AI. If you are focused on building trust and loyalty, the know, like, and trust factor, then you're going to win from 2026 and on. So here's step one to going viral on the Shorts feed. All right. This is going to be really, really simple, and once you get really good at it, then you don't even have to follow this. You just start doing it automatically. You guys are marketers. You know how to look at the world from the perspective of the viewer. You see a billboard, you don't see what it says, you see what other people see. And so go and find a viral video. It can be in your niche or it can not be. I'll cover where to look here in a minute. But go find the viral video and just observe it. You're going to break it down into three categories. A, audio, V, visual, and T, text. Now, a lot of people will say, "All right, audio is whatever you hear." That's not the case. I disagree. It's whatever you hear that makes you curious. V is for visual. What you see that makes you want to stay to the end. And text, what you read that makes you want to stay to the end. Subtitles are not a text hook. Subtitles are just there to provide a little bit of back-and-forth engagement. So, let's say you find a... I got an example. Okay, these are the top three... businesses with the lowest failure rate. All right, so that is the audio hook. Once you hear that, you stay to the end because you want to know the third one. Listicles work really well. But, so when you hear that audio hook, you think, "All right, how can I apply this to my niche?" Maybe you're not even in the business niche. Maybe you're like me, maybe you're a shorts guru guy. And so, you've got to break that down, like these are the top three. He said businesses, so I would say niche-related item or category. And then he said, "With the lowest failure rate," I would say, "With the extreme important detail." So- Okay. Just so for the record, you found a viral video at this point, right? I'm just- Yeah ... I'm just summarizing what was done. You found a viral video that you found that had a lot of views and you're like, "Okay, there's something here. I want to model this." And what the person said at the very beginning is, "These are the top three businesses with the lowest failure rate." But now you're saying, "This is how I could reverse engineer this." And you said these are the top three, what did you say again? For you? So, the way that you reverse engineer it is you replace all the main words with just generalized terms. I see. I break it down that way so I can give it to all different types of niches, and then they can replace it. So mine would be, "These are the top three shorts niches with the highest payout." I- He said, "Lowest failure rate," I would say, "Highest payout." Got it. Okay. I'm following. Keep going. Okay. And then with that specific example, I remember he was holding up money. He was holding up 100 bucks or something like that, and he was standing in front of a Bugatti. I don't know. I'm terrible with cars. And so when I look at that as a viewer, not just me trying to be entertained, but what keeps the viewer? Does that visual keep them to the end? Well, yeah, because money and expensive car creates credibility. Like, okay, this guy has authority in the space, so I'm hooked. Right? And so in my case, I would probably just hold up my YouTube play buttons because that gives me credibility. People don't know who I am, so what can they visually see that they can just connect those dots without me saying it out loud? Hmm. And so that's how I broke down the visual hook. We'll go through some more examples here in a bit. But the problem with this particular example is there was no text hook. There were subtitles, but there was no text hook. Mm. I'm going to throw a different example at you. By the way, when you break these down, you don't have to have all three. You can just have one. Okay? So give me a profession, any profession. Let's say they are a marketer. A marketer. You want something more precise? I mean, I could- No ... We could get more precise. We could say somebody who sells consulting services to aspiring entrepreneurs, if you want to. Okay. Okay. We'll just say marketer because- Yeah. That's easier ... it'll just speed it up. Okay. So, let's just do one short with only a text hook. And this is pretty simple. You say, all right, "What marketers say to their clients versus what they want to say." That's all the text says, and so the first thing they say is something nice. But then the viewer has to stick around because their true feelings are about to come out. And so this text hook has created this curiosity, and people stay to the end because they want to know why. There's a lot of things people want to say to their clients, but they don't because they're human and they want to be nice. And so, this marketing profession, what they say to their clients versus what they want to say is just a solid example of a text hook working on its own. So yeah. I have some examples that are all three, but we- Yeah. Let me ask some clarifying questions here. Just- Sure ... to help everybody out. So we are focusing on hooks, and that is the piece that might be confusing people because we didn't state that at the beginning. So we're on the hook section of the video, and why don't you just back up a little bit and explain why the heck the hook matters so much? Because you've already told us there's an audio, visual, and text component to this thing. But back up a little bit and explain why the hook matters so much when it comes to shorts. Absolutely. That's the curse of knowledge coming out right there. Sometimes I'll get into it, assuming people already know what I'm talking about. Okay. So hooks are super important. Hooks are basically the secret sauce of what makes short-form content work. Hooks create curiosity. So, there are three different types of hooks. There's audio, visual, and text. And their whole purpose is to get you to stay maybe to the end, depending on how long the curiosity loop is, but we'll get into that here in a bit. But yeah, the hook just keeps you, it grabs you, and it says, "Hey, there's more coming." That's it. That's all the hook does. How long is the hook typically with a YouTube Short? It can be anywhere from one second to five, seven seconds, something like that. Okay. Got it. So here's what we know so far. The hook is the most important thing to get them to watch to the end of the video. And so far, you have mentioned that there are audio hooks, which in your examples have been spoken words. Okay? There are visual hooks, which you talked about this car and money, and we can talk about some other examples of visual hooks. And then the text hooks, we really haven't gotten into yet. So, maybe give us an example of one that how all three of these things can play together. And then also let's talk about any tips that people have to, once they find a really good video and they reverse engineer what the hooks are like, any tips on how they could apply it to their business? Sure. So, the one text hook was the profession thing. That one was, it's usually an easy go-to to just say, "Hey, here's something that will work for everybody." If I say, what profession says to their clients versus what they want to say, or you could say what I say to my parents versus what I want to say or I say- So this is on the screen while you're talking, and it's exactly the same as the spoken word? Yeah. But what you actually say in that one isn't the hook, though. You're just kind of fulfilling the requirement that you set with the text hook. So, the key to a text hook is it's text that sits on screen that sets the plot, basically. And it can stay up the whole time or it can disappear after a short time. But it's not what you're saying out loud, it's like the subtext to the situation you're seeing. Oh, I see. So in this particular situation, this might be a marketer interacting with a client, right? And you're just beginning to watch the interaction, but you're seeing these words on the screen that actually signal that what is happening here is not what it seems. Is that effectively what I'm hearing you say? Correct. So, remember the guy with the hair thing, the example I said? Right. Yeah There was a text hook on that example. It said, "How it's going versus." That's all it said. And so you see all this craziness. The visual hook is already strong enough. You know something else is coming, but you definitely know something else is coming because of that little versus on the text hook. So all it says is, "How it's going versus..." Or, I can't remember. How it went versus how it's going, something like that. Or how it started versus, that's what it was. How it started versus, and then you're like, "Okay, where's the how it's going?" And then how it's going. And say you're in a pet niche, how it started, it's just a cat, nice and cuddly, a cat being cute, and then versus, and then it has the how it's going part, which the text hook changes to how it's going. And it's the cat just going crazy with the zoomies, tearing things up. It sets an expectation that something is coming. Audio, visual, text, these are all different layers that are part of the hook that can technically hook together. Pardon the pun. So, do you find one is more important than the other? No. I recently made a video specifically on text hooks because I don't think they get utilized enough, and I dropped 15 of them. I said, "Here, you can use all these," and they're already working for people. But I don't think any of them is more important than the others because they all equally get hundreds of millions of views. From my data and the tool that I made, it's all the same. Some of them are just only text hooks. Some of them are a little bit of a combination. Maybe one is only a visual hook. It all works. When we were prepping, you said you had an example of Roblox. Maybe you can share a little bit of that story. Okay, so I have a tool that kind of does this stuff for you, and one of the biggest wins for this tool was somebody found a hook in the Roblox niche. The hook starts out, I'll just paint the picture here. It starts out with a character walking. It's a Roblox character. For those that don't know, Roblox is a game that kind of looks like Legos, but it's a video game. And so you got this Lego-looking character walking, and the audio hook is, "I just found this dark secret in this Roblox game," or, "I just found a dark secret in this Roblox game." So, what this person did, they ended up getting eight times as many views as that example, which went from one million to eight million. So, they got eight million views using that hook. The hook itself is, I just found a extreme secret in niche. So, I think their hook was, I just found this hidden secret in this... or I just found a hidden secret in this optical illusion. And that's all it was. And then they went on to explain what the secret was, just like the original Roblox example went on to explain what the secret was that they found. Ah, okay. I love it. Okay, anything else on hooks before we get to the curiosity loops thing that you kind of hinted at a little bit? No. We can just go ahead and move on. All right. Let's go. Yeah. Let's hook- ... curiosity loop, so why don't you kind of explain what that means. I know maybe we could deduce what it means, but let's talk about what it is and why it matters, and then let's dig in on it. Sure. So once you understand how to break down hooks, you can observe all the shorts and know how to break them down into audio, visual, and text. You can start looking for the angles, like the most important, I don't know, the most dynamic or funny angle that will make people the most curious about what will happen towards the end. And that's basically just storytelling. So, when you have a hook, you open up a curiosity loop. And a curiosity loop is just an open question. They think, "Okay, well, what's going to happen," right? Just like somebody has a text hook that says how it started versus, and then that's it. They're going to be like, "Okay, well, versus what? How's it going? What's going to happen next?" And so until that question gets answered, the curiosity loop is opened. Real quick- ... do you feel like this is a psychological thing that kind of... Because if you watch some really good TV shows where they kind of end on a tease of what's going to happen next, you kind of feel like you have to keep watching, right? Isn't it kind of the same concept? Absolutely. That is the longest curiosity loop you can create. It's awful. Like, okay, great, now I have an open curiosity loop until next week- Right ... when the new one airs. And so yeah. Essentially, that's just the same thing. Got it. Okay. So, how in the world do we create a curiosity loop? Well, hooks, basically. That's the way I do it. There are two ways you can do this, in my opinion. You can go and you can find examples and break them down and figure out, "Okay, what can I do this for my niche?" Which is basically what my tool does. Or you can look at what you already want to talk about. Maybe a situation happened and you think, "All right, how can I make people curious about this? What happened at the end of this story, and how can I preface it to lead people to that part?" So how do I make them curious about it? And that's where you find the angle. So let me just give you an example. Yeah, let's hear it. And I'm going to go on a little bit of a rant here because one of the worst things that people do in this situation is they don't know how to appeal to a layman. And I'm just saying that most people in the shorts feed aren't specialists, and you don't have to talk to them like one. You guys are all marketers. You know that you have to simplify your language to create good copy. So, just going back, before I understood this, I never got more than 1,000 views, ever. But then I learned how to break down storytelling, and this is what took off for me. This is how I got over 350 million views on the John Scott channel. So, to be clear, let me just give you the example. I have this real estate client, and they understand how to tell stories. They understand that a story is basically just a conflict and a resolution. That's it. You bring up the stakes. These are the conflicts. Here's my bad situation. Here's how I'm going to solve it. And so they start talking about the marketing and the numbers, and how them and their client overcame this and sold a house or whatever. And I'm just like, "This is too confusing for the shorts feed." Nobody cares about this. The layman is lost because they don't understand your marketing jargon, your real estate jargon. But what they can understand is something as simple as your yard sign. And they had this story about a yard sign that kept getting ripped up, and she overcame that. And the way that she overcame it is she bought a stronger tool to dig them deeper, so it was very difficult to rip them out. And that sounds like a boring story. My signs were getting ripped out, so I bought a tool, and now I can bury them deeper. The end. Right? It's a story, sure. It's a crappy story. So what I told them is, "Somebody keeps ripping my for sale signs out of the yards." All right, there's the conflict. It's a hook, almost. But then I bought a baseball bat. All right, now it's a hook. And it's like, okay, the viewer is like, "Whoa, what does that have to do with this?" And so the baseball bat, in essence, in the end, she can use the baseball bat to hit it down, and that's a funny punchline that's a good twist at the end. But you opening it up by saying, "Okay, here's my conflict. Here's this crazy thing that I did that adds on to this crazy story that is unexpected," I really just think it works. And so the layman understands yard sign, they understand baseball bat, they understand that the two don't really have anything to do together, and so they have to stick around to the end. And the way that I got this was from my most viral video. I'll explain the story, and then I'll explain the angle of the story. So the story is there's this salesman in China, I think. He was a food vendor, and nobody was buying his food. And so he takes an iPhone, and he glues it to the ground, and people, they start trying to pick it up. I saw that video, yeah. Yeah. It was a very popular video. I might have missed it on your channel, actually. Yeah, maybe. So people, they bend down to try to pick this up, and then they can't because it's glued to the ground, and so they're stuck in front of the vendor. And maybe there's some awkward situation where they're like, "Oh, I don't know. I just dropped something," and they leave. Or maybe they stick around, and because it's so awkward, they buy something. So the way that I frame that story is I saw the angle. The angle of it, the weirdest part about the whole story, the thing that creates the most curiosity is the cell phone. It has nothing to do with a food vendor not being able to sell anything. So I said, "This guy couldn't sell." I turned it into a hotdog stand for the story. But nobody was buying this guy's food, so he glued an iPhone to the ground. And that's it. Now, those two things have nothing to do with each other, but it creates a lot of curiosity. People have to stick around to the end to find out why. And so that was the angle. That was the one thing I knew that would create the most curiosity, and so I front-loaded that and it led them to the end. That's kind of how I frame these stories. I believe you created an animation out of this one, if I'm not mistaken, because that's how you got started doing these animations. Is that correct? Yes. Kind of a 3D animation. So in this particular case, did you model another video that you had heard somewhere, or did you actually just decide to take the story and create a new version of it through animation? I'm just curious what you did there. I saw the original story. There was a viral video. All it was was somebody's recording of a iPhone glued to the ground in front of a stand, and people kept trying to pick it up. And that was it. They would drop something to try to pick it up. But you added a story layer to it, which is something happening in front of the phone. Yeah. And also the twist where people now have to pay for their food and stuff like that, that was all me. So yeah, I just added, or them dropping the dollar, and then going to pick it up to pretend. This was all tension-building. It had nothing to do with the original story. And so, yeah. Interesting. Okay, so we're on curiosity loops right now, and we're getting into storytelling a little bit, but curiosity loops are the combination-At least the way we've been talking a bit about things that don't seem to naturally go together. So for example, the yard sign being ripped out and her buying a baseball bat. Immediately, your brain goes to, she's going to sit in her car with the baseball bat and attack the person who takes the sign out, right? Which creates that tension. At least that's where my brain went. And in the particular case of the glued down cell phone, like what goes into your brain is, why would anybody buy a cell phone and glue it down? It makes absolutely no sense at all, right? But there is a creative marketing twist to it, right? So whenever you see two things that seem to not go together, that can create curiosity. That's not the only way to create curiosity, I'm guessing. Do you have any other ways that curiosity is created, beyond just two things that don't seem to go together? Yeah. So that's definitely not the only way to tell a story. It's just one really great way to create curiosity is to combine two things. Subverting expectations, for sure. But let's say we have an example. I wish I knew this before I built my- Ah, ah, yeah ... gardening thing, right? And so that's a great way to start, but then you follow up a story. I wish I knew this before I did niche activity. And so why do you wish you knew that? Like we can connect the dots, something bad happened. Like there was a conflict or there was an obstacle, and this is going to warn me not to meet that obstacle. And so yeah, you build it up. You say, "Okay, so the other day I was doing this, and I was trying to achieve blah, blah, blah." But, now you have a but. And there is the problem, the stakes, the obstacle. And so, but this got in my way, so, or therefore, it's a but therefore storytelling technique that's the most popular way. Love it. Yeah. So, I tried this thing and then it kind of went along, but, and there's another one. So you have this like, I don't know, roller coaster of- Yeah. Yeah ... obstacles. Every but opens up a new conflict potentially, right? Yep. So this is intriguing. So we're talking about curiosity loops, and we've mostly been talking about how to open the curiosity loop. Give us some tips on how to close it. I always like to end on a punchline or a twist. I like to subvert expectations just a tiny bit, but that's more like you're telling stories for entertainment, right? Whereas if you're doing education, you might want to end on the epiphany, the great piece of value, the information that you can give. So that's the way I usually approach it. But when you end it, there's a mistake that a lot of marketers make is that they will try to push people, or they'll try to deliberately get people to comment, subscribe, like, or whatever. And I don't think that that's a good idea. I think that that ruins the story, honestly. I think if people do it on their own, then you end up with a lot more engagement. And so, that's just a trap that I wouldn't recommend falling into. Love it. On to the storytelling thing, which we're interconnecting all these things together, but we've started this interview talking about hooks. Then we got into curiosity loops, and we've started to talk about storytelling. Do we always have to tell a story in every one of our Shorts? Do they not work if there is no story? Tell me a little bit about storytelling. I think the word is almost intimidating. People get caught in a trap of they have to do it a certain way. Storytelling is basically just obstacle solution. So anything can be a story, right? Like the very original example, guy has mess all over his head. Here's the solution, it's my product, right? Here's an example. There's this 3D printer guy, and he has all these comments popping up trying to improve his 3D printed product. And then he starts showing version one, here's the problem, there's the conflict. Version two, problem. Version three, problem. And you're just hooked. You wonder what the next problem is. That's it. And so, does that fit in the normal storytelling, the problem, conflict, resolution, whatever, like falling action? No, it doesn't. It doesn't fit this word that a lot of people expect to fulfill. They have to do this. So I think storytelling is essentially, you need to simplify the idea of storytelling, and I think that'll help you out a lot more. And eventually the guy, his product, did it pass eventually? Was it a great version of a product or was it worse? I don't know. But there has to be some sort of solution at the end, right? There has to be some sort of resolution. If it was worse, you end on a joke. If it was solved and it was better, then people feel that satisfaction anyway. So yeah, that's one example that doesn't go with the man in hole type story, where here's how it starts, here's problem, here's how I solved it. It's like a lot more and it's back to back. And so there's not a whole lot of tension built up. It's just problem, resolution, problem, resolution. You mentioned at the beginning that there are two things, observation and perspective. And observation, if I'm not mistaken, is really observing what others have done that are successful and reverse engineering what exactly you could do. Is perspective something we've addressed? Do we need to talk about that at all? Yeah, so this whole thing, storytelling is perspective. for instance, when theWhen the real estate agent wanted to say all these things, you have to approach this story from a mindset of a very young person that isn't necessarily interested in your profession, right? You want to entertain them, and when you do that, you make a connection. I'll give you an example. Jefferson Fisher, he is this guy on Instagram, and he tells people how to handle conflict. He gives tips. All he does is he just sits in his car and he says, "Okay, if somebody treats you this way, here's how to address it." It's just very personable. It's just him with his phone, authentic, right? And he makes a ton of these, and Jefferson Fisher is actually one of the top attorneys now in Texas because of this stuff. But he never said anything about being an attorney. His target audience wasn't people that needed attorneys, but in turn, for all this know, like, and trust factor that he built from that, he became the biggest attorney. And so he focused on making content that related to anybody and everybody. And so when you approach it with observation, your perspective of any type of viewer, and you can make that connection, you end up like Jefferson Fisher. Love it. All right, John. We have just scratched the surface of that brain of yours. So if people want to check you out or connect with you on the socials, where do you want them to go? And if they're interested in possibly working with you or joining your community or whatever, where do you want to send them? Okay, so the reverse engineering of all these viral videos, it's hookbomb.com. Basically, I have a ton of videos on there. I'm aiming to get up to a thousand here in the next month or so. But yeah, hit hookbomb.com. All that work can be done for you. If you're looking for me, there's a channel called Creator Rant where I break down these hooks, and I do live streams every Monday and Friday where people submit their shorts, and I tell them why they suck or why they're good. And so yeah, if you're looking for other stuff I've done, all of my backlog of YouTube information, because I was not only a shorts expert, you can go to shorts.expert. I got it because the domain. Awesome. Thank you, John Scott, so much for coming on and sharing your wisdom with us today. Hey, thanks for having me.

  Top Comments:
  1. @COIFISHGAMING [3 likes]: Nice one John
  2. @StoriesByWill [2 likes]: The knowledge I’ve learnt from John and his community is crazy! The best part about the community is the fact that everyone has knowledge on all aspects of content creation and business so you can get advice on anything!
  3. @BigMayoNation [2 likes]: This gives me a whole new perspective on shorts.
  4. @SouthboundDownTown [2 likes]: Love John ❤❤❤
  5. @neilbaboolal9990 [2 likes]: Great insights
  6. @TrevorNoirCars [2 likes]: the perfect solution
  7. @SocialMediaExaminer [1 likes]: 🎬🤳 Discover specific strategic tips from two seasoned experts to help you grow your audience and drive business results with short-form video on YouTube and Instagram. https://youtu.be/YlwmegegJBs?si=4NsiVyEed3qEcG7D
  8. @Valley_q [1 likes]: W interview
  9. @JohnnyBeane: Thank you guys!
  10. @SilverFoxForestsDesigns: John sent me here im so glad he did
  11. @Superficial2: I always love hearing john, the fresh perspectives he gives are immensely valuable ❤ (rip play button lol)

- How to Create a Killer Hook (Impossible to Skip): Kind: captions Language: en If you want your videos to perform better, you have to learn how to craft a winning hook. Now, I've studied literally thousands of videos. And it turns out when it comes to hooks, most people struggle with the same four things. And the good news is these are all very fixable if you know what to look for. So, in this video, I'm going to break all four of those things down. The core mistakes you're making, and the exact tactics for how you can fix them immediately. By the way, I know this works because content is all I do all day long. I have a million followers. I've done billions of views. And I've grown two separate personal brands in two different spaces. So, if you use this video as a checklist when you're making hooks, I guarantee you will get more views and your videos will be impossible to skip. All right, the first hook mistake is a big one. It's called single subject, single question. It's actually very simple. In order for a hook to work, it only needs to do two things. One, it needs to focus the viewer's attention on a single topic. And two, it has to plant the same question in every viewer's head. If you have 50,000 people watch a video, the goal is that after the hook, all 50,000 of them are aligned and curious about the same thing. For example, if I started a video like this, here are the three ways I grew the most last year. Is that a compelling hook? Well, first, what do you think the subject of the video is going to be based on that sentence? Most people would say it's going to be about the ways I grew, some growth tips or lessons learned, but it's a bit vague and unclear. Some might think I meant mindset growth. Others might think I meant business [music] growth. Even others might think I meant literal muscle growth or even YouTube growth. And see that is a huge problem in lack of clarity because the way I wrote that assumed you would know what type of growth I meant. When you write hooks, you cannot assume the viewer has any embedded information before watching the video. And that is a huge mistake I see people make. If the set of yours is fragmented in what their understanding of the topic is, then a lot of them are going to be really confused when the next sentence you say doesn't connect to the previous one. And that confusion is really why viewers don't hook and they churn. They don't churn because they don't like you. They churn because the story you start telling stops making sense and they can't follow it. And so the lesson is the way you write the first couple sentences in the hook has to be unmistakably clear and focused on a single subject. Now, the other piece of this is the question that pops in the viewer's head after they hear your hook. Cuz we all know hooks are supposed to create curiosity, right? Well, the best hooks plants the same question in every viewer's mind. So, if we go back to the original example, here are the three ways I grew the most last year. What question pops in your mind after hearing that? Well, some might say, what are the three ways? I'm ready to hear them. Others might say, grew how? What exactly are you talking about when you say growth? And even others might say, who is this guy? Why should I care how he grew? Is that going to relate or help me at all? That's three different questions popping up in different viewers' minds, which means there are three different curiosity paths that viewers are going down. And again, twothirds of them are going to be confused when the next sentence doesn't connect. This lack of clarity in the subject and the curiosity is why your hooks are not hooking. Okay, so now I'm going to tell you how to solve for this. Imagine I wrote that example hook like this. These are the three best methods for business owners to grow faster on YouTube. Now, the subject is unmistakably clear. the methods for how business owners are going to grow on YouTube. And there's only one main question that should be in everyone's mind when they hear that. What are the methods? I'm ready to hear them. Tell me. See, by adding that clarity, we've narrowed the focus onto a single subject and a single question, which gets everybody on the same page for when we continue to tell the story from here. So, when I start the next sentence, everybody is following along. And I know this seems pretty basic, but like I said, this is the number one problem that the most people struggle with in all the videos that I've reviewed. people just are not clear enough in the way they frame their hooks. So, what are the specific tactics that you should use as a checklist when you're writing your hooks to make sure you're achieving this single subject, single question framework? For one, read the hook back after you write it and ask yourself this. Is it possible for someone to misunderstand the subject that I'm focused on? And once you're good with that, ask yourself, what question should pop in the viewer's mind based on hearing this sentence? The question should be something shock inducing that makes the viewer lean in. something like, "How is this possible? Is this real? Can you tell me more? I can't believe that. Is it true?" If you can't immediately identify what single question a viewer should have in their mind, then you need to rewrite the hook and go again. Now, one cheat code for accomplishing both of these things, the subject and question at the same time, is to just use a question hook. Literally ask the question in the hook that you want to plant in their mind. So, you might say something like, "How can a business owner grow on YouTube without spending 40 hours per week?" This achieves both the subject and question clarity at the same time. Now, the other way, if you don't want to ask the question literally, is to just study what the pros in your niche have already been successful with. Cuz here's the dirty little secret about social media. All the big people are copying everybody else, and all the small people are copying all the big people. They look at what works, they extract out the pattern, and then they remix it to make it work for their topic. And you can poo poo that all you want, but this is what all the top people are doing. So, if you want a faster way to figure out what hook structures have already worked in your niche, so you don't have to worry about misaligning on the subject in question, just use sandcastles.ai. That's literally why I built it. You can build a list of all the creators in your niche, look at all their top performing videos and the hooks for those videos, save those hooks as templates into the vault, and then reuse those templates when you're writing new scripts. It couldn't be easier. Either way, whether you use sand castles or not, you got to get to a single subject, single question clarity in your hook or it's [music] not going to hook. All right, hook mistake number two is the three hook misalignment. And you may have heard this before cuz I kind of pioneered it, but there's three types of hooks. The visual hook is what is shown on the screen. The spoken hook is what is said verbally by the creator, and the text hook is the text that's written on top of the visuals. If those three hook components are not perfectly aligned, the viewer is going to get confused and churn. For example, if I say, "There are three methods for brushing your teeth that will prevent cavities." But then I show you a visual of somebody eating candy. And then the text reads, "Gum health secrets revealed." Those three things seem like they're similar, but they're actually a little misaligned. One of them suggests brushing teeth, one of them suggests eating candy, and one of them suggests gum health. Now, most viewers could probably figure out how those three things go together if given enough time. But the problem is, as they're thinking through it, they're missing what you're saying. So, they're getting confused. Misalignment confuses the viewer because it makes them freeze, miss things, and then not know where the story has gone. So, above all else, you have to audit these three pieces in your hook and make sure they're aligned. And the tactical thing is just ask yourself this. Do all three of my hook components mean the same thing? If not, fix that immediately. Also, if you're not using text hooks, like you're not putting title text in addition to the caption in the first couple seconds, you really should be because it's way harder to get someone to understand what you mean with just two elements than it is with all three. So that is a surface area you must be using. Okay, let me just quickly show you an example of good and bad hook alignment. Watch the hook for this first video that I made a few weeks ago. This is the future of home design. Now if we analyze this for the first sentence, my spoken hook was this is the future of home design. My visual hook was a home being designed and my text hook was future of home design. See how those are literally perfectly aligned. Let's go to the second sentence. It's called Zuru. My spoken hook was it's called Zuru. My visual hook was literally a visual that said the word Zuru. And in this case, I didn't have a text hook because I didn't extend it to the second sentence. Let's go to the third sentence. And their AI software makes building your dream house [music] feel like you're playing a video game. My spoken hook was and their AI feel like you're playing a video game. My visual hook was videos of someone designing a house that looked like they were playing a video game. And in this case, I also didn't have a text hook cuz it didn't extend to the third sentence. You see how that video has perfect alignment across the three pieces. And because of that, you are perfectly clear on the subject, some futuristic home design software, and you're perfectly clear on the question that should pop in your mind. How does it work? That video got 2 million views. Certified banger, and it all works because the hook was perfectly aligned. Now, here's an example of bad hook alignment. And I'll just do a one sentence hook this time. Check this out. This company is sending shipping containers into space. My spoken hook was, "This company is sending shipping containers into space." My visual hook was a compilation of moon bases being built and some rockets. And my text hook was space cannons are so insane. Without playing it any further, can you assess what the subject of the video is going to be? Well, I said shipping containers. I showed spaceships. And I said space cannons. So, it's kind of not clear where I'm going next. And then for the question that should pop in your mind, it could be a number of things. What are space cannons? What does this have to do with space at all? Is this a real thing or some sci-fi thing? because it's not clear, the questions aren't clear, and you can see it's just not as crystal clear as the first one. It's still a cool idea, but because the hook alignment was off, [music] the clarity was off, and the hook did not retain. This small thing is the difference between 50,000 views and 5 million views. All right, hook mistake number three is that your visuals in the visual hook are not unique enough. They're just not popping off the page. Now, this doesn't mean you need more chaotic motion that makes no sense. What you need is visuals that contrast against what people typically see. If you look at your videos amongst a sea of others in your category, do you have enough visual differentiation to separate yours in the first 2 seconds? Because before a viewer can try to understand your video, they have to lift up their thumb and let it play in the first place. So getting these first couple seconds of visuals right is super critical. I call these scroll stopping visuals. Now, there are four main ways that you can upgrade your visuals to create this scroll stop effect. Number one is to use an attractive or unique-looking person. Number two is to use a recognizable person or subject. Maybe it's a celebrity, a brand logo people recognize, something where you can build relevance quickly. Number three is to use atypical visuals that contrast against what you typically see in your category. And number four is to use an atypical visual format or layout. The truth is, people need some kind of visual eye candy to stun them into initially giving your video a chance. It's crazy to say, but in 2026, people are going to be watching hundreds, if not thousands of videos per session, per day. And so, their brain is just tuned to filter out the normal stuff they always see. So, you need to figure out how to cut through visually. Now, one thing you can do is to improve your set or in world shots. These would be a-roll adjustments, the footage where the creator, you talking to the camera. You could use a real set, a studio, or a green screen, but you need some visuals that are intentionally different from what they typically see on the feed. Using static photos or photo compilations on the green screen effect is probably the lowest lift way to create some sort of visual differentiation. Option two is that you could change your B-roll selection either by using popular clips, popular movies, popular TV shows, or some footage that you can find that is highquality and different from your category. Option three is that you could use AI to generate visuals. With Nano Banana Pro and the newest Veo models, AI tools have gotten to the point where you can create pretty solid, compelling looking visuals that don't clock as AI to the average viewer. Now, if you're hot and charismatic, you may not need to do any of this. You can just shoot it with just you and let that fly and it'll probably work. But if you don't want to rely solely on that, you need to use one of these visual stun gun techniques to have your visuals pop off the page to the average viewer. The reality is the content world now has a minimum viable visual requirement. And if your visuals do not cut through above that level, people will not stop and give them a chance. So, here's my tactical advice. When you're scrolling, because we all do it, make it a point to like and save any video where the visuals make you stop and lift your thumb off the scroll, even if it's not in your niche. Make a habit to build a collection or folder of these visual stuns that you can use as a reference that you might use later. Here's a few rapidfire examples for a couple people I've seen in the last couple weeks that felt like they pioneered a little bit of a new look on the visual hook on an old style. The first one is Jamie Ganon aka Tech Bimbo is what she goes by. In this shot, which I really like at the beginning, she frames herself in the bottom half and uses white walls and ceilings above that negative space as a canvas to show interesting visuals. This is a very unique way to use negative space that I haven't seen very often. Here's a similar example from Mark at Open Residency. He has some of the best podcast clips out there. They're doing the same thing. They have the podcast set and they're using that negative space above as a canvas for visuals. Now, I'm sure the arb on this is going to close after people see this video, but right now that is a sneaky great way to add visual differentiation in the hook on the feed. All right, here's another example from this guy Sam John Creates where he uses the top and bottom black frames slowly closing to create anticipation. your eye goes to it and you don't want to scroll away because you want to see what happens when it fully gets closed. That's a really great visual hack that I think he came up with. Here's another one from me. This didn't really work very well, but I tried to do this like Tony Stark Iron Man overlay on my glasses and then take the glasses off in 1 second and have that overlay go away. Just trying to add some visual eye candy to get people to stop. I don't think it was executed perfectly, but that was an attempt from me. Here's a pretty basic one, but I think it works really well. this green screen effect where this guy in the corner is doing the typical green screen, but he added this white outline, this thick white stroke around him. And for whatever reason, my eye went to that and I didn't scroll away cuz it looked different. Now, these are just a few random ones. I have dozens and dozens of these saved cuz I build this habit of trying to save and favorite any videos that pop my eye visually. The point is, there are lots of ways to make your hook visuals pop in the first couple seconds. But regardless of which you choose, you have to make them pop or you will lose. Again, the easiest way to solve for this, like most of these recommendations, is just to search for the top creators in your niche and watch a couple hundred of their videos collectively as a cohort. Try to train your eye to figure out what are the buckets visually that they're using that are working for their best performing videos and then replicate that as a beginner. You could do this process on sand castles looking at all of them in a cohort or just scroll individually on Instagram. It's more noise on Instagram, but you could do that, too. The more options your brain can ingest, the easier it'll be to build a visual database in your own head where you'll [music] start pattern matching a lot more quickly. All right, so far we've talked about three huge hook mistakes. The first one is making sure the words you're using in your spoken hook are super clear so that they dial in on a single subject and a single question in the viewer's mind. The second one is making sure that the spoken hook, text hook, and visual hook, those three components, are perfectly aligned. And the third one was walking through a bunch of ways to use your visual hook to stun the viewer and pop off the feed so you add some visual differentiation that makes them lift their thumb. Now, the last hook mistake number four is all about the data. And I've kind of alluded to this a little bit already. The goal for any business owner when you're making content is to derisk your reps. It's going to take a lot of volume to win in content either way. But if you can get your hook hit rate from 1 in 20 down to 1 in5, it will completely change the effectiveness of that process for lead genen. Now, the way to increase that hit rate is to derisk your effort. And by drisk, I mean having a higher probability chance of your content working. The way you increase that probability is to study what's already worked. If you're trying to come up with new hooks from scratch every single rep, you are playing the content game on hard mode. you're risking the rest of that effort on the video on your guess for what maybe could work on that hook. You just shouldn't play the game this way. The best predictor of future success for hooks on your channel is to study the other hooks that have already won on your channel. So, first before you do anything else, before you look at any other creators, I would go to Sandcastles, go to the videos tab, go to the channels filter, pull up your channel, sort by views or outlier score, and study your top performing videos and the hooks that you used. Now, most people would write these down on a note or some Excel or Google sheet. But in sand castles, you can just click save to vault and we will build a ready for you template on any hook in one click. Now, if you want, you can then export those templates. We just added this feature that exports button. Export those to Google Sheets. You could use in Claude or Chat or you could use them directly in our script writing experience. But either way, the fastest path to get winning hooks is to use the previous hooks that you've already won with and turn them into templates and then adjust and remix for your new video. If you want to derisk your effort, you have to be using winners. It is an absolute must. Imagine I handed you a paid ad that had worked in the past and I was like, I need you to get me more sales. Are you not going to run that paid ad until it's out of juice? No. You're going to run it to the ground. That's exactly what using your hook winners that have already worked would be. All right. All right. Now, if you don't have any hook winners yourself, you're a beginner or you haven't cracked the content for yourself, what you then want to do is look at other creators in your niche, ideally that are executing with the same visual format as you. You want to hold as many variables constant between them and you, and look for people that are small to midsize. You don't want to look at the biggest people in your space for inspiration because their personal brands are so big that a lot of their success is based on their familiarity, not necessarily their execution. If you find a small or medium-sized creator that has a breakout, it's because the hook structure or the topic was actually validated. And again, you can use Sand Castles to build out these lists of the small or medium creators and look at all of their stuff in aggregate or you can just scroll one-on-one in the apps. But I'm telling you, this is why I built Sand Castle. I'm trying to lay the rails for business owners that don't actually want to spend that much time making content to [music] speed up their datadriven efficiency in the content process. But once you build the cohort of the small to medium-sized creators in your niche, run the same process. Go in sand castles, go to the videos tab, filter by that watch list so you can see the full cohort, sort by views or outlier score, and just look and watch one by one by one and start to mine for the hook templates. You can click and save those into the vault as reusable templates, or you can export those and use them however you want. But you have to be studying proven data if you want to speed this process up. What I just described is typically as far as you need to go because by doing that, looking at your own winners and looking at the category winners, you'll find five to 10 hook formats that just perform well over and over. You don't really need to do anything else. Don't make this process harder than it has to be. The pros do not reinvent the wheel. They just recycle the stuff that's working. All right. Now, before I end this video, I want to share one more thing that I think will be super helpful, and that is my full hookw writing process. I use this exact mental checklist when I'm writing a new hook to make sure I hit on all the pieces that I just mentioned. And if you're a business owner, this is the real sauce. I've got a free community specifically only for business owners where I share a bunch of stuff like this checklist systems. We have 65 free trainings. It's called Wavy World. Again, completely free. We got an invite link below if you want to join. All right, here's the hookw writing checklist. Step one is to first pick the subject that you want the video to focus on. Get really crystal clear on this so you can build the hook around it. Step two, decide what question you want to pop in the viewer's head when they hear your hook. This should ideally be the most interesting possible question that would lead perfectly to the next part of your script. Typically, you want it to be an emotion inducing or shockdriven question. Step three is to have a sense for what the visual would be for the visual hook. You don't have to make it yet, but just have a sense, a clear vision of what that could be. This is kind of like YouTubers making the title and thumbnail at the beginning before making the video. If you just write the title and then you get to the end with no sense for the thumbnail, you might get trapped in an inability to execute visually. So, you want to think at this point, what could the visual hook be? Just have a rough sense [music] for that. Step four is to actually write the hook. And this is going to be the spoken hook that you say. It can be one to three sentences. I typically like to make my hooks two or three sentences cuz I like saying things twice in two different ways to make sure the clarity is clear. But if you can get it done in one sentence, perfect. If you need additional words or sentences to make sure the subject and question are clear, use them. Right? in a fifth grade vocabulary level. Write in active voice and be very punchy with the way you deliver. No extra words, no extra phrases that don't need to be there. If you're struggling with this, again, I sound like a broken record. We have a script writer in Sandcastle that'll just write it for you. It'll take the templates and write them for you perfectly succinct. So, you could use that if you want or use chat or claude. Step five, after writing the hook, you haven't made the visuals yet, but you've just written the hook, run the one subject, one question gut check and ask yourself these two questions. Does this hook unmistakably reference one subject? And two, does this hook unmistakably pop one single question in the viewer's mind? If those two things are not a resounding yes, go back to step four and rewrite it again. Step six is to actually make the visual hook in the edit, add the text hook on top of the visual, and then align it with the spoken hook. You should now have all three pieces executed in your editor. You want to do your absolute best to make that scroll stopping visual effect. If you're not great with visuals, you're not great editor, it's going to take time to get better at this, but you want to kind of gut check this against the field. Who else in your niche is doing this well and try to gauge your scroll stop ability compared to theirs. Step seven, last step. This is your last chance audit. Once you have the whole thing there, I want you to watch the hook again on your video. Answer these four questions. Am I clear on what the subject is supposed to be? Am I clear on what the question that's supposed to pop is? Are all three pieces perfectly aligned? Am I interested and curious enough to want to go to the second sentence? These are the fundamentals. If you nail these and you run that one through seven process, I guarantee your hooks will be better and you'll get more views. All right, guys. That is all I've got for this video. As a recap, we covered the four biggest hook mistakes that I see over and over people struggle with. If you watch this video, I guarantee your hooks will get better. Now, if you want to go even deeper on hooks, I've got two things for you. The first, I filmed a 2-hour in-depth master class live. We've got 40 pages of notes. We have a hook database with over 400 different templates and I went through a bunch of examples live in multiple niches. If you want to watch that hook master class, I've got a link below. The second thing is this video deep dive that I made on hooks is one of the most popular videos on hooks on all of YouTube. It has over 600,000 views. People loved it and there's so many comments about the transformation people had. So, I recommend if you like the hook's topic, you feel like you need improvement and this video was helpful but didn't fully close the loop, make sure to click this video and watch this one next cuz it will work really well as a compliment. As always guys, I appreciate you. I'm trying my best to make unique stuff that you just don't hear everywhere else. So, if you're a business owner and you're trying to get better at content, make sure to subscribe and we will see you on the next one. [music] Peace.

  Top Comments:
  1. @kallawaymarketing [1 likes]: Get my free guide on how to make viral videos (1M+ followers, 1B+ views): https://viralityblueprint.com
Work with me: https://skool.com/wavyworld
Use Sandcastles to grow 10x faster on social media: https://sandcastles.ai
  2. @mustafabashirkhan [1 likes]: 11:00 brutal  bp doesnt even leave me here
  3. @mitzerbitzer [1 likes]: LOVE the way you broke this one down! Storytelling is so important in EVERY aspect of creation
  4. @BEASTANIMALS-01: Like this
  5. @guy_kogen: wow
  6. @benjimeko: we highly apprciate your help kall
  7. @thereandbackagainpilgrim: Bro what the hell I thought this was going to teach how to make a fishing hook.
  8. @rank.uno34: I'll be right back with hundred thousand subscribers in this comment😅
  9. @savepointgg: valuable information, thanks for this.
  10. @1Tomsf: How you edit your visual and B roll it's amazing 😍
  11. @userexperienceresearchers: Great breakdown. The single subject, single question framework is such a powerful reminder that clarity beats cleverness every time. This kind of structure is gold for creators and business owners who want more predictable results instead of guessing what might work.
  12. @ccristianorronaldofans9215: 6:56
  13. @mrw.creative: Great video, thank you for helping us out! Quick question for fellow creatives, how the heck do you create hooks and have a sense of "personality" on socials, without having a person talking? I work at a more corporate place where having staff talking in the video isn't going to happen... yet (I'm trying). Any advice for how to create a sense of trust without having a visual of a person talking, or even the voiceover being an employee?
  14. @aural_alchemists: Is the hook masterclass still active? The link isn’t working for me.
  15. @pedrosoares7139: Just superb! Thanks a lot for the generosity of sharing this. This video could be called "the only video you will ever need to start making great content". Because that's what it is.
  16. @confessionsandstoriesdaily: guys can you tell me what can i improve on my shorts🥲
  17. @Traxlercore21: Thanks, Now Im gonna implement it
  18. @davidradisavljevic2159: Loving the way you explain the process of hooks. How similar is this for people who use text on broll and there's no spoken hook
  19. @NihalBhatti-fm5cg: He is amazing ✌✌✌✌
  20. @asemotanosa1200: Great video, small criticism, i almost skipped, because you talk very fast

- Captain Hook Hates His Name - Studio C: Kind: captions Language: en - Peter, I'm frightened! - Don't worry, Wendy, I'll think of something! - Well, you better think fast, boy, I doubt the crocodiles will be as patient as me! [crew laughter] - You're a coward! A coward and a scoundrel, Captain Hook! Captain: Well, I'm not the one th-- Wait, what did you just call me? - A coward! - No, no, no, no, the thing-- the thing after that. - Uh... Captain Hook. - Captain Hook? [audience laughter] Wow. Okay, um. Ouch? I feel like I have a lot of other really great recognizable qualities. - If you don't let us go, you're gonna be sorry! - I bake! I bake. Bet you didn't know that just by looking at me, did you? I love reading, I volunteer when I can. My favorite band is The Smiths, but no! You've instead decided to attribute my entire physical identity to this. - Just wait 'til Peter gets free, then you'll be sorry, Hook! - Wait, you call me this, too? Is this a universal thing? How long have people been calling me this? - Well isn't that yer name? Hook? - No! It's Johnson! Who told you that my real last name was related to the worst accident of my life? Oh my gosh, that's so mean. - Don't you think you're overreacting? - Overreacting?! I don't call you Peter I-don't-want-to-get-a-real-job McLeggings. Or your girlfriend Dumb British Dress Lad-- I can't think of a good one for you, whatever. - But aren't pirate names often based on appearances? - Do you see him, over there, that terrifying freak of nature? Do you want to know what I call him? - What? - Josh! 'Cause that's his freakin' name! - Okay, well what about One-Eyed Pete? - That's on his birth certificate! That's his actual name! - Me parents was Greek! - His parents, was Greek. Your parents were cruel based on how you're treating other people. - Cruel? You're the one who's about to feed two children to crocodiles. - Oh, give me a break! A child?! You're older than me! You only look young 'cause you keep dousing yourself with magical fairy bath salts. - It's called pixie dust! - Oh, so now we care about what things are actually called. [crash] Josh, I am so sorry. - It's all right, cap'n. - I think you're taking this a little too seriously! - Oh, plus! You did this to me! who cut my hand off, that's like if I hit Greg with a semi truck then called him Greg Roadkill. I don't get to label that, that's Greg's thing! - Okay, all right then! What would you like to be called? - I don't know, I feel like it's weird if I give it to myself. [giggles] It's like, it's a nickname, you know? It's not supposed to... Well I wouldn't mind Captain Handsome. Captain Chiseled Jawline, or something to that effect. - How 'bout, Captain Still-has-one-hand? - Oh no, that's just tempting fate. - How's about, Captain What Who-wears-a-hat-on-his-head And-walks-about-like-so? - Uh, we're closer but no, too pedestrian. Come on, fellas, think. Think. - What about, Captain Guy Liner? - It's true, you do wear a lot of guy liner. - Do I pull it off? Crew: Aye. - I'm Captain Guy Liner! Yes! Yes, I rather like it. All right, Peter, I'm Captain Gu-- And they escaped. Typical. - Don't worry, you'll get 'em next time. - Peter will rue the day he crossed the most ruthless, evil pirate on the seven seas. Captain Guy Liner! Crew: Captain Guy Liner! - Yeah, no, on second thought, maybe we just leave it Hook. [audience applause] - Or, Captain Pirate Face? - Captain Sleeps-with-a-night-light? - No, that's personal. No, stop it. - What about Captain Like, Share & Subscribe? - That's not even, that doesn't even make se-- - Or Captain Comment Below? - That's ridiculous! - Captain Download the BYUtv App For Free For Studio C Episodes And Other Great Shows? - Greg? You just got a raise, I love it! Crew: [haltingly] Three cheers for Captain Download And Other Great Shows!

  Top Comments:
  1. @StudioCtv [370 likes]: Watch the full episode here:

https://www.byutv.org/d21faad8-c515-4478-8a5d-e27a95f87c50/studio-c-season-12-episode-3?player-open=true&content-id=d21faad8-c515-4478-8a5d-e27a95f87c50
  2. @traviskenzy3481 [2 likes]: How about he change his name to Captain red since he wears red
  3. @JacksonCurb [1 likes]: This may not be accurate but I heard that it is hinted that Peter Pan has lived in Neverland for 400 years so I don’t know if that’s true just pointing it out due to Hook saying that Peter Pan was older than him
  4. @kuninagako9035 [1 likes]: 2026 this is still great
  5. @ScarletBenoit18DreamEdits: The OUAT reference🤩
  6. @joebolz: Is the actor who plays Peter a boy or a girl.
  7. @cnmusgrove18: I lost it at "oh my God that's so mean" 😅😅😅
  8. @chidmania8485: Just had a horrible feeling Disney would take this opportunity to make a Hook origin movie 😢
  9. @adhvith1: "You see him? Over there  that terrifying freak of nature. D'you know what I call him?... 
JOSH!! CZ THAT'S HIS FREAKING NAME." 
😂🤣
  10. @onetruetroy: Okay, Blues Traveler
  11. @tinkeredbot6063: My names Jeff
  12. @changer_of_ways_999: Wendy looks more manly than Peter.. :/
  13. @skycake2020: What about Captain Hooke? Still Hook but still his choice with an E at the end.
  14. @ZoeOwens-uc4yd: Canonical his name is Captain James Bartholomew Hook.
  15. @Mr.wednesdayallfather: I thought his name was like James or some stupid shit like that
  16. @jareddunn3512: "That'd be like me cutting off your girlfriend's leg, giving her a replacement peg, and naming her Peggy!! How demeaning would that be?! No offense, Josh"

"No offense taken Cap'n"
  17. @rodimusriderv2368: Josh I am so sorry
  18. @N_Riv00: I would just like to say that as someone who has had a difficult time fully connecting with the newer cast members in the same way as the original cast this is one of the best sketches I’ve seen from them. The guy playing Hook especially is just perfect and has the exact kind of energy and timing I would have expected from the original cast. Great sketch and I’m glad to see there actually is potential here.
  19. @jplayzgamez9714: Gregroadkill is actually hilarious ngl
  20. @lowrider993: Captain Red Hat?

- Eminem - Offended (Chorus): Kind: captions Language: en-US 'Cause nobody likes me, everybody hates me, they want me to go eat some worms. (I hope you offended!). And drag my name through the mud, through the dirt, but I'ma make you eat your words. (I hope you offended!). You can try to hold me down, but you better let me up 'cause you're only gonna make things worse. (I hope you offended!). 'Cause I swear when I get up, I'm never gonna let up 'til everybody eats my turds.

  Top Comments:
  1. @noodlesmate9466 [77 likes]: I FOUND IT! YES! I'm not from tiktok I just wanted this one part from the song because it's a MOOD
  2. @kookiesnsuga2866 [11 likes]: I know I am not the only one who feels like they know the song from somewhere
  3. @jacindaramos5700 [10 likes]: I can hear in my head when im in school, always
  4. @alex_harnar_618 [8 likes]: This chorus is ‘Encore’ level of how bad it is. 🤦🏻‍♂️
  5. @BlackCat1101 [7 likes]: Anyone else want a loop version of it?
  6. @EpicRadDude [6 likes]: This isn't even bad it just doesn't match the song
  7. @cynicalip [6 likes]: this hook is ass

But I love it for this
...Ok, maybe not, but fairly enjoy, in a "so bad its good" fashion
  8. @alex_harnar_618 [5 likes]: The funky saxophone riff 🎷 in this song is Sampled from the song: ‘In You (I Found Love) by Charles Bradley.  😎🔥🔥🔥😎
  9. @ITSTIMETOSAYGOODBYE [4 likes]: fun fact: this chorus is 8 bars in 120 bpm, 4/4
  10. @seyst19 [4 likes]: Lyrics : 
Cause nobody likes me, everybody hates me
They want me to go eat some worms (I hope you offended)
And drag my name through the mud, through the dirt
But I'ma make you eat your words (I hope you offended)
You can try to hold me down, but you better let me up
'Cause you're only gonna make things worse (I hope you offended)
'Cause I swear when I get up, I'm never gonna let up
'Til everybody eats my turds
  11. @mudfukinrealg3673 [4 likes]: my new ringtone
  12. @ItsameArtic [3 likes]: I love this part, the rest of I dont like
  13. @tm4n744 [3 likes]: play this on replay then you can tortue somebody
  14. @THEMASHUPDECK [2 likes]: Jellyfishing song by spongebob
  15. @peepsiee [1 likes]: ah yes, the fire extinguisher
  16. @joshuamorin445 [1 likes]: what’s the original
  17. @Sy-nh9qq: This beat was terrible.
  18. @Annihilated64-13yearsago: Goofy
  19. @NxtRawSmackdown: This lit
  20. @YxGacha6741: why does  this chorus flow  sound similar to Drip Like me?

- ProjeckBabyTwin - Repeat Ft GmbTony: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] you say that you're gonna ride for me but i can't really trust a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you don't really know me bro don't call me by my government i can't hang with nice [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] always on that sucker [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] i don't like to fight [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] i'm touching on the chunky stick pull up on the side of me i promise that i'm busting on you ain't trooping right [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] if you don't keep a gun above you ain't no fair fights little [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] we finna jump up on if i don't got my gun on me [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] i'm finna punch up on the interrogation room they asking questions i ain't saying that hit him with some chest shots got this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] leg jumping had to hit the corner dump the strap because the fans coming all these [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] talk on instagram but they ain't doing nothing all these [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] holding all these straps but they ain't shooting nothing threes flying down your block you hear this music coming [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] acting tough in front of homies like they proven something 20 man stuff the rubber bands and all blue honey 20 bands spent it on my neck you see these jewels busting while these [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] acting high-powered like they big dog i whipped out a strap he hopped on phone they made like 10 cars [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] said he wanna perk for me i gave him fiddler if i see a op [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] in the county but i'm getting all kidnapped i'm told to play a game you heard a jigsaw i booked a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hopped up in a foreign then i drift off gutter gang ask about us [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] we don't peace tree i shut your block down with this chop watch me street sweet ain't no giving statements take the case [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] free me we hit the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] block and knock em down then we repeat ask about this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] we don't peace down these [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] i ain't losing [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like too many [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] in my whip [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] i'm trooping so they wonder how i got up in the club with my toolie show i shot them in the face fact that hauled all that hoodie boy i ran up out of shells with my photo i let the fully blown [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] in the shots i bought that whip but imma get up on them put her back to back up in his forms we got tense up on [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] getting mad about the game because it's bigger phone these [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] trying to knock me off the map like it's a hit up on this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] trying to fight me he don't know i keep a stink up on this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] trying to hop up in this whip or you don't fit in here a couple choppers with no stash brought too many sticks in here a long nose parking on my jacket i got pippen here gutter gang gasket bottles [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] we don't peace tree i shut your block down with this chopper watch me street sweet ain't no giving we hit the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] block and knock them down then we repeat got a gang gasket [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] we don't feast you i'll shut your block down with this chop watch me straight sweet ain't no giving about this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] we don't peace tree we shut your block down with this chopper watch our street sweet this narcan homies made him famously on tv i'm disrespectful piss on his grave while he's six feet if you talking down on my name you just hating on me faux pack is full so i can see all this paper on me yeah i seen that sub that you post that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] was funny and i never stopped going ninja like rich homie all white voices purple jeans i be flies hell i can never tell you who i'm [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] i won't show a tail [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] be good again we really get these [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hell i know what i signed up for so i never tell the gang gosh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] we don't peace truth i shut your block down with this chopper watch me street sweet ain't no giving statements take the case [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it free me we hit the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] block and knock em down then we repeat the game repeat you

  Top Comments:
  1. @CALISMOSTDANGEROUS [11 likes]: Bro you hard stay consistent, you definitely gonna blow up
  2. @GuapoBaybee [4 likes]: Twin is criminally slept on
  3. @nxgxahoggindarock5 [2 likes]: Mr Sticky💜💜
  4. @nxgxahoggindarock5 [2 likes]: Watch everybody gon know gankg name omm🥷🏾🥷🏾
  5. @deeman3575 [1 likes]: 🔂🔂🔂
  6. @0n3z [1 likes]: 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
  7. @0n3z [1 likes]: 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
  8. @zone3266 [1 likes]: 🍇🍇🍇👿👿👿🖐🏿🖐🏿🖐🏿
  9. @Gogetta13bix [1 likes]: 🏆🏆🏆😈
  10. @rr-ti2xp [1 likes]: Yo this shit hard
  11. @liquor2much418: Cool how he showed oh boy in a cool light...all for Drakeo🎉
  12. @skarf1384: Dese niggaks Sleep on bakby twin😂
  13. @pieface9166: Pull up on the side of me I promise  that I’m bustin on u
  14. @isiahlozano5098: SLAPS
  15. @jazminenavarro2527: 🔥🔥🔥
  16. @818desconocido8: on hood he next upJ on hood !
  17. @hiiighpwrhoe: This mKf groovy
  18. @Ramon.103: 🔥🔥🔥
  19. @Bendoingit: My algorithms use me to test new music if I like it they will share it with others
  20. @Kjdageneral: 💯🔥

- Don't feel guilty: how to stop repeating bad behavior: Kind: captions Language: en i'm dr orion taraban and this is psych's better living through psychology and the topic of today's short talk is don't feel guilty now i'm going to approach this subject from a slightly unconventional angle which is basically this in the vast majority of cases guilt is a form of ineffective expiation so what does that mean xb8 kind of means to do penance to feel pain in order to absolve yourself of wrongdoing so generally when we do something that we know we shouldn't have done or when we didn't do something that we know we should have done there's this tendency to engage in self-castigation beating yourself up in other words and the idea here is that if i inflict sufficient pain on myself well one no one else will come to inflict more on me i'm hurting myself so you don't have to and two i can then remove the guilt from my consciousness comfortably i don't have to feel bad anymore about what i did because i've already punished myself for it so in this way guilt kind of has this potential to remove the pain associated with wrongdoing from one's consciousness by inflicting another usually lesser form of pain in its place the problem with this is that generally the issue recurs and when it does you got to get out the old whip again and give yourself the lashes and this continued self-punishment can be very exasperating both for yourself and the people around you because without addressing the underlying issue the problem just keeps coming back so what i'm going to suggest is that instead of feeling guilty you strive to feel contrite contrition is another word that we don't use very often maybe because like expiation it has slight religious undertones but it comes from the latin words khan meaning with and tristitia meaning sadness so contrition means with sadness contrition means that we really allow ourselves to feel the pain associated with our behavior the pain we caused other people and the pain we really caused ourselves without substituting a lesser pain like guilt which is really a pain about pain in its place and the idea is that when we come into contact with the pain of contrition which is more intense than the pain of guilt and we don't try to avoid feeling the pain we caused others and ourselves it's usually unbearable and this experience can motivate reality-based sustainable behavior change this can include making amends to others but it can also mean making a sincere enduring commitment to not repeat that behavior now that we've really emotionally experienced the consequences of that so don't feel guilty because in many ways that just lets you off the hook for a repeat offense if you're serious about getting to the bottom of this instead strive to feel contrition by empathically entering into the experience of others in order to feel the emotional consequences of your actions this will not only better repair your relationships but will set you up for more sustainable behavior change moving forward i hope you found this helpful if you'd like to suggest a topic for a future episode or to schedule a consultation you can reach me at psycaxpodcast gmail.com thanks for listening

  Top Comments:
  1. @iamthedreamer6237 [13 likes]: This is great, its a good way to look at it. Empathy is admirable.
  2. @maria.1c1313 [10 likes]: So good, thank you 🙏🤍
  3. @saltpepper7525 [7 likes]: Found it Very helpful. Thanks!!
  4. @MhamedHlioui [4 likes]: Very interesting analysis!
  5. @vanessamcbridebreathebelie5468 [4 likes]: some people dont even grasp this concept 

make it more simple
  6. @shafiquesalman7734 [3 likes]: Im so glad I found you.
  7. @karindegraaf246 [2 likes]: Very interesting!! On the one hand, guilt is a healthy function of a healthy conscience (healthy introject, healthy injunction, part of healthy socialization). But you are right: the guilt can serve as a bypass for not fully feeling into the impact one has created. I am learning now to discipline myself into fully experiencing all painful feelings and facing my painful thoughts directly. It is off course very painful and hard work, but I find it really works on a deeper level. I am now convinced that the way out is to go through it. (Learned a lot from Somatic Experiencing, trauma work, energy psychology, etc)
  8. @lee9357 [1 likes]: Feel guilty about bad behavior? Feel contrite BUT be sure to correct the bad behavior next time a similar situation arises...ie...don't just think/feel....ACT!
  9. @thomasellis9608 [1 likes]: The problem is I have learning problems and could have autism and always say or do things bad at the wrong time. I can't just forget about it
  10. @joe-y4o5y: Beware of those that feel no guilt and therefore have nothing to be contrite about, or any need to change their behavior.
  11. @AngelHarleyy: Thank you so much for your content
Words I don’t feel are enough your channel deserves endless followers I know it will get there so much valuable information

- FRUSTRATED or BORED when learning? Try this.: Kind: captions Language: en you just have to keep practicing this isn't terrible advice but it's not great advice either as we develop our skills we move through a space of different potential learning experiences and any given moment we could be practicing or learning something in a different way a very simple way to make your practice more effective is to ask yourself one of the following questions what would be a different way to practice the same thing how could I make this a little bit easier or how can I make this a little bit harder now asking these questions of course is easy the hard part is answering them so in this video I'm going to give you some examples of things that you might consider doing depending on what you're learning and hopefully you can extend the ideas in this video to your own learning challenges practice in a different location don't just practice martial arts in the martial arts studio don't just study in the library practice more slowly or more quickly if you've got some math homework you might deliberately try to slow down read the problem slowly solve the problem slowly check your answer slowly or you might try to do the classic minute math style thing and see how quickly you can get things right when learning music see how slowly you can play how the song might change its character when played really slowly or you might see how fast you can play right where is the point where your fingers start tripping over each other practice with your eyes closed for many physical skills practicing with your eyes closed is interesting because it forces you to rely on a different source of feedback but I do not recommend applying this to reading focus on something different if you're learning to play music you might Focus for a while on always getting the Rhythm right every single time or you might Focus for a while on getting those Crystal Clear sounds from your instrument you might focus on getting a really good spin from a frisbee throw or throwing for dist or throwing for accuracy break things apart or extend them with a math problem you can zoom in on one part or make some simplifying assumptions to make it easier or you could add complications to the problem to make it more interesting or generalize the problem to more cases you can focus just on throwing one ball accurately or you can do more complicated juggling patterns or add more balls vary any other dimension that you want to you can juggle low or high or different kinds of objects in tennis you can serve near the middle of the court or further away you can practice alone or you can practice with friends you just don't want to become trapped into thinking that there is only one way forward varying your studying and practice like this has lots of different benefits generally speaking it improves long-term learning outcomes and it gives you a better sense of your own skill and honestly it's just more fun that's it for this one thanks for watching I'll see you next time

  Top Comments:
  1. @tarunarachmad3976 [16 likes]: I have learned that learning requires attention, understanding, repetition, practice and application, asking questions, time blocking, prioritizing the most alert time for better focus, eliminating negative thinking, and having a reason for learning. It also helps to read or learn from someone who is skilled in a specific area.
  2. @benjaminkeep [5 likes]: For more videos on learning, consider joining my online learning community, here: https://www.benjaminkeep.com/community
  3. @anabeatrizspiecker2751 [3 likes]: This makes sense to study too. You want to learn the material, só you might as well make a short text about it, in others scenarios you can make a mind map, or don't write anything and only explain things to someone. Record yourself. Read a lot and then a free active recall
  4. @guilhermemorais5141 [2 likes]: One of your best videos.
  5. @hauskasiili [1 likes]: For math, I liked to vary my pen. With pencil you can erase your work easily. With a ballpoint or felt tip pen, you have to nail the presentation completely or overline stuff. I rewrote my answers with felt tip pen to make me more careful about presentation as making mistakes was now costlier. You need to be more deliberate. Besides, presentation is a skill of its own. Sometimes, you can "see" a solution better than demonstrate your grasp of it.
  6. @tarunarachmad3976 [1 likes]: in my religion music is prohibited. music is distraction and it is not make a person happy. i can practice or learning other than music.
  7. @ex0ja [1 likes]: Hey, what are your thoughts on ecological dynamics as an approach to skill acquisition?  I know they are big on the variation stuff.
  8. @md-ayaz: Are you spamegg1 on the GitHub?
  9. @sahilaryan9896: Please create a video on observation
  10. @AkashIndia-c4q: Sir video about essay ✍️✍️✍️
  11. @quangnguyen2838: hey benjamin, i hope you can do a video on the impact of AI on learning, im trying to find a way to utilize AI for my studies but i fear it may actually downgrade my understanding of the material
  12. @princee-c5q: hey what are your thoughts on cornell notes
  13. @BlaiseLabs: Surprised when you brought up closing your eyes, been doing that for your years… on the opposite end can visualization techniques like image streaming be used for practice?
  14. @VrushabhChaudhary-i8n: More bluntly put, BE IN THE FLOW STATE AS LONG AS YOU CAN.
  15. @ningding-hk1yo: man you looks like Damian Lewis, The Billions
  16. @user-op8ov1sm6t: Can you make a video about Feynman technique ?
  17. @cerl7237: This is awesome, KeeperS!
  18. @fireballman31: Putting this comment on this most recent video for the highest chance of a response. I have watched several of your videos and would be really interested (among others I hope) in a video discussing procedure to follow for conducting experiments in your own life. How do you recommend tracking data for learning, analyzing results to see what is working, and other aspects of self experimentation. Selfishly, I also thinking being provided an example of structure to follow for learning and incorporating meta-learning would make it easier to apply ideas from your videos little by little over time.
  19. @LearnwithMe-z7h: Nice to meet u.😊
  20. @anabeatrizspiecker2751: I'm gonna try drawing with my feet

- How boring tasks make you a creative genius (dream scene intro): Kind: captions Language: en There's a darkness in the [music] everyday. You may not believe me, but it might just be a shadow [music] that's pretending to be our friend. And for a while, I think it's easy to believe it. It's starling voice, once nectar sweet, now wrenching and wild as the wind, nipping at our heels like a hungry hound. And if it catches us, even for a moment, we go down. >> [laughter] >> All right. Let's go. If someone were to ask me before Christmas break if I was excited to spend the entire time building a large wooden set of stairs with my dad, I would have laughed. And I would have said, "Nah, wrong Britney, I'm going to the Bahamas." Realized in my nightmare, although terrifying, was actually a most welcome escape to the reality of daily tasks that awaited me. And that thought alone was scarier than the nightmare. Daily tasks, boring tasks, and hard labor shouldn't be avoided in fear of being bored or not necessarily wanting to do it. Yay! Is this garbage? Yeah. What I found is the most repetitive tasks, the one that you we all label as boring, Want a drink? Yep. are actually the silent architects What do you think? of our most profound ideas. Looks good. Yes. This isn't about finding inspiration in grand gestures. It's about everyday rhythm that cultivates extraordinary creative breakthroughs. Yeah, she's like, "Okay, that was enough." Actually turned out to be the best Christmas I've had in a long time. Not only was I able to spend quality time with my dad, but I also felt productive, like I accomplished something big in helping him build this actual staircase. And then also, what I found while doing these tasks, my mind went clear. I started to think about paintings that I would complete in the next few months. And guess what? I did it, and they turned out decent. The culprit behind this is called passive ideation. It's the process of generating ideas without active effort or intention. One of the most notable examples of letting boring tasks fuel creative hidden genius happened in 1928. Mr. Walt Disney was on a train ride from New York to California, and he had just lost his character Oswald. Instead of being sad, he was able to get to work and ended up creating Mickey Mouse. >> Pretty good? Pretty good. Maybe, if we don't always allow ourselves to fall prey Good job. Thanks. to this shadow of distraction that chases us like the nightmare, maybe we can end up creating some pretty awesome things. Hey, thanks for watching. If you want to see the extended director cut, hit that gear icon somewhere on your screen and change the audio track from English to Klingon, and then rewatch the entire video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @britneykinghorn: If you change the audio track to Klingon then rewatch the entire video, you get a new version of the video. Let me know if you like the Klingon or the English audio track version better? :)
  2. @britneykinghorn: Life is full of boring but shift your attitude and everything will shift 🎉❤❤❤
  3. @britneykinghorn: Boring tasks suck but growing and getting better are worth it

- FallOut New Vegas - Intros are Boring: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] [Applause] hello everybody we are playing Fallout New Vegas never played this game before I thought I'd give it a shot so let's start off here go to no that's not here we go easy mode easy I don't want no trouble now no trouble all right yes Save please H we're dead so yeah uh never played this actually it was on sale for the price of free so I thought well what better time to do than now I always wanted to play it I played the original Fallout or not the original Fallout but Fallout 3 not New Vegas and uh I had fun so without a Love of My Own apparently this is in the future oh I remember that in the commercials I'm sure the person will be fine oh never mind that was not nice at all hello sir war war never changes when atomic fire consumed the Earth those who survived did so in great underground vaults when they opened their inhabitants set out across the ruins of the old world to build new societies establishing Villages forming tribes as decades passed what had been the American southwest United beneath the flag of the New California Republic dedicated to Old World values of democracy and the rule of law interesting as the Republic grew so did its needs Scouts spread East seeking territory and wealth in the dry and merciless expanse of the Mojave Desert they returned with Tales of a city Untouched by the WarHeads that had scorched the rest of the world and a great wall spanning the Colorado River the NCR mobilized its Army and sent it East to occupy Hoover Dam and restore it to working condition but across the Colorado another Society had Arisen under a different flag a vast Army of slaves forged from the conquest of 86 tribes Caesar's Legion are you following this guys passed since the Republic held the dam just ly against the legion's onslaught the legion did not Retreat across the river it gathers strength campfires burn training drums beat through it all the New Vegas strip has stayed open for business under the control of its mysterious overseer Mr house and his army of rehabilitated tribal name Poli robots you are a warer hired by the Mojave Express to deliver a package to the New Vegas strip what seemed like a simple delivery job has taken a turn for the worse you got what you were after so pay up you're crying in the rain P guess who's waking up over here time to cash out would you get it over with maybe cons kill people without looking them in the face but I ain't a thinkink dig you've made your last delivery think the mes are off sorry you got twisted up in this scene from where you're kneeling must seem like an 18 karat run of bad luck truth is the game was rigged from the start what the game's over you die in the first scene wow all right f a hack attemp and get locked out of a computer not if your computer wiiz with the support oh perk you can attempt to rehack any computer you were previously locked out of H interesting red resistance allows you to what else resist radiation this perk grants an additional 25% to radiation resistance all right you're awake how about that how about about that well where am I first off who easy there easy you've been out cold a couple of days now why don't you just relax a second get your bearings let's see what the damage is how about your name can you tell me your name well I sure can it ain't Courier that's for sure see how do you delete nope new let's try this again ah yes there we go okay h o o o oh no no space no space get back how you get space out no space I don't want space sir let me see that's not it there we go all right take this six off and then r he R for games baby I can't say it's what I'd have picked for you but if that's your name that's your name I'm dad right is my name jerk welcome to Good Springs now I hope you don't mind but I had to go rooting around there in your Noggin to pull all the bits of lead out I take pride in my needle work but you'd better tell me if I left anything out of place oh dear how'd I do well that don't look like me all right let's see what we can do here try to fix this I and Hispanic whoa uh let's see let's move this up a little one two nope nope it' be pretty cool in the future like with the camera and everything with move and connect if they would just take a picture of like your face and incorporate in the game H that's my idea so if it's stolen please report it to me I'm sure some might but all right that's a good hair that's a good hair I like that all right let's see what else we got here don't know what that does so go back there not really noticing anything here no no all right here we go Bridge uh no didn't notice let me see I turn it around whoa there we go got to get it from my right side my good side mouth no no no I don't really care it's not like you're going to see yourself are you I don't think there's any game you see yourself except maybe like NBA 2k2 which is awesome man these hairs are I wonder if these are modeled off like the creators of the game cuz then it makes you kind of feel bad for laughing see I'll just pick a normal whoa NOP not that one just pick a no not that one either that one it's impressive though they don't have any that are just like normal hair where's the one I had before start out the game I'll just that it no no that's like Antonio mandera stuff there there we go better I just use that one all right I'm not old so let's change the hair color here man I'm already running out of time time flies by on this game let's see here no no gray black I want black I guess it's as black as it's going to get there facial hair no I don't want nothing I don't want well no I don't want it I don't want it how do I get how do I get it off H I just use that one all right I think we're good here I don't know what this is yeah still nothing I guess I'll just use the little mustache I had I was trying to find one no hair cuz I like that one let's see here it looks pretty good right there's not really any here on that one go back to that one muton chops I think that's all right there just a little soul patch all right well I got most of it right anyway stuff that mattered okay no sense keeping you in bed anymore well thank you sir let's see if we can get you on feet good why don't you walk down to the end of the room over by that Viger tester machine there take it slow now all right it ain't a race excuse me let's see looking good so far excuse me go ahead and givey let's try this out you learn right quick if you get back to all your faculties what is this press X all right I'm pressing X there we go h H let's see here oh you change there we go well I'm already like up there let's see perception Cowboy always knows where's lipstick D Dynamite nearby that sounds important I'll take some of that uh you can't keep a good cowboy down that's also good too Charisma find there some smooth talking cow I'll take one see what else we got intelligent ah I probably should have taken a lot of that oh well there you go H how do I get out of here now I'd like to get out sir please sir I'd like to get out no okay I'm yeah I'm five strength all right well that's it for now I'm going to go ahead and stop it here cuz we're already out of time but be sure to click The annotation to top right to go to next video on on the well this is the first one so no top left check out the multiplay Fridays and if you haven't subscribed and like this video already please do it makes me so happy thank you very much

  Top Comments:
  1. @hoorayforgames: Thanks!
  2. @hoorayforgames: Awkwardness. I have no friends who plays games as of yet. I'm hoping to get some here on youtube! lol
  3. @hoorayforgames: Great!!! Uh, how do I do friend commentaries?? lol
  4. @hoorayforgames: Thank you! I just started a new let's play of Darksiders 2.
  5. @buck3tthedeku179: u should have more vids
  6. @hoorayforgames: @Mastermiine nope just this one.
  7. @Mastermiine: @hoorayforgames so wait you have two fall out? Im smell a give away (unless u gave it away) anny ways ya sorry if it feels like spamming Just have lots or questions.
  8. @hoorayforgames: @Mastermiine jisrock, i got it for free from best buy, they had a promotion buy one get second for free.
  9. @Mastermiine: Hey whats ur ps3 user name and how did u get it for free can I still get it?

- Stop Writing Boring Scenes -- Use this Secret 9-Step Formula: Kind: captions Language: en if you can write a great scene you can write a great book they are honestly the building blocks of stories so in this video we're going to talk about the nine ingredients to make the perfect scene the scene that readers will be talking about at the end of the book the ones that they're going to tell their friend about when they say you got to read this book the first principle is start late End early this is honestly the most important part of all the techniques I'm going to give you if you get nothing else from the rest of this video learn this technique the vast majority of writers write Soo scenes because they start the scene way too early and there's sort of like this leadup information and then they dribble on at the end and they don't close it out when they should I want you to think about a scene you haven't written yet and then I want you to try to start it as late as you possibly can into that scene nope not that point think even further like what's the very closest you can start that scene to the action this is because you don't want a preamble to your scene like oh let me warm up the reader by like telling them background information no you want to dive straight into the action now let's think about the end of your scene a lot of they'll have the high point of the scene the climax of the scene and then they'll like talk a little bit more and have a little bit of dialogue and some extra stuff no you want to get out early you want to end that scene early which means right when that climax happens maybe it's a conflict maybe it's a line of dialogue Houston we have a problem maybe it's an act of violence maybe it's a revealed secret answer me why do people think that I'm you whatever that high point is stop right there stop the scene put a hashtag in the chapter and move on to the next scene when you don't explain when you don't show the the aftermath or the character reaction the reader is on the edge of their seat it feels like a cliffhanger and so they're more likely to want to read the next scene second step in genius level scene writing is to use an engine so every book has a plot engine which propels The Reader through the narrative sometimes love is an engine the reader wants to see who's going to get the girl who's going to get the guy who's going to fall in love sometimes it's a mystery or a murder investigation or sometimes it's interplanetary you want to see whether this civilization will be destroyed or saved most writers know that their entire novel needs a plot engine but they don't think about the plot engine of their scenes guess what every scene needs a plot engine too let me give you some examples of plot engines for scenes from the book the good Lord Bird by James McBride first a hidden identity here we have a famous abolitionist John Brown and he's getting a haircut that's not a super exciting scene but what makes the scene interesting is people keep asking him who are you who are you and he refuses to tell them that's because the person asking him is a slave trader and he specializes in freeing slaves but that withholding of information and his hidden identity it creates this wonderful Conflict for the scene two a threat of violence in another scene in the good Lord bird there are two characters talking with each other and one pulls out a gun and trains it on the other one during the whole conversation that threat of violence keeps the reader on the edge of their seat it's not just two characters chatting with each other the presence of the gun lets us know at any moment in this conversation one of the people could be shot here's a third plot engine from a scene have a character lie in another scene we see John Brown still talking to slave Traders and he's lying through his teeth I mean he's making up false names for himself he's saying oh I'm waiting for the steamboat even though the steamboat isn't supposed to arrive for another 2 weeks and that lying power is the scene because it makes you wonder when is he going to get caught when is he going to get exposed listen overall when you write a scene you need a nameable strategy for what makes this scene interesting what is the engine powering your scene how are you going to keep readers reading how are you going to keep readers enjoying the story three make your scenes multitask no scene should be accomplishing just a single thing that's a boring scene your scenes need to be furthering the plot and developing that character and furthering that theme so take a scene that you've written and start a list and write down everything that you think this scene is accomplishing to get us closer toward the end of the book if that list isn't very long that's a really good sign that you need to add a lot more to that scene to make sure that it's pulling its weight now the second exercise which you should do and it's going to be very valuable so do not skip it is to pick a scene out of your favorite movie or book now write down everything that that scene is accomplishing in terms of setting mood in terms of theme in terms of action in terms of making the reader feel something in terms of character development in terms of plot really spend some time on it and I think you're going to see that that scene is doing so much work and if you took that scene out of that story the entire narrative would collapse and one thing that you can do when you find that you have a lazy scene a scene that's not doing enough work is that you can cannibalize other scenes around it right you can take from the scene after and try to do what it's doing in this scene and the scene before it and combine it and suddenly now you just have one really powerful scene instead of three scenes each doing one thing fourth thing you should do with your scenes is to play with time not every scene needs to be moving at the same Pace throughout a good scene often speeds up during the most boring parts and then it slows down for the most critical Parts don't write cruise control scenes that just move at the pace of a movie move at clock time all the way through this is one of the great advantages you have as a writer rather than as a Movie Maker right movies generally move at clock time while in writing you can speed up you can slow down you can play with time you can skip time a lot more easily a good exercise to try is to try to summarize a certain portion of a scene say you write half of a scene clock Time characters are speaking to one another then you need some time to pass right so say oh they finished up dessert and clean the dishes and then they went to the living room to talk more you've just summarized 15 20 minutes and now you've gotten to the more exciting part so the reader doesn't have to Wade through the boring stuff five supercharg conflict conflict is at the heart of all storytelling so if you don't have conflict in a scene that should be this giant red flag waving you danger danger now I don't mean the conflict has to be enormous sometimes the conflict is very very small sometimes it's very subtle for instance say a couple is exchanging dialogue that on its surface isn't Barbed or angry but one of them is seething over household chores that haven't been done right so the conflict is in the thoughts but in the actual dialogue there's not any conflict and that's perfectly fine if you find that your characters are being too nice to one another that is a problem and you have to find a way to get conflict in perhaps another characters making fun of them at the same time and the most common problem that I see as an editor when characters are being nice to each other is when they're just sharing information right the author knows oh I need to further this plot and these character needs to talk about X Y and Z to get us to the next scene giving information is kind of boring though so you have to find a way to get that information across with conflict embedded in it maybe one character doesn't believe the other maybe one character disagrees with the other about that information now let's play devil's advocate for just a second and let's say you say I don't think that conflict is necessary for every scene I mean there are exceptions to the rule you might be able to find a very rare scene in a movie or a book that doesn't have conflict but most of the time if you sort of peer under the hood and really analyze what's going on there's some level of disagreement embedded between the two characters and if you have a scene without conflict in your novel you need to one come with the reason why that scene is really necessary for the book and two find a justification for why that scene won't bore the reader to death six make your character change most of the time that we talk about character Arts it's over the course of the entire novel right and you want to see the character change by the very end I would encourage you to think about character arcs on a micro level how does a character subtly change within a single scene by the time that the scene is you should be able to analyze your character at the beginning of that scene at the end of the scene and detect some sort of small learning or changing or growth for instance they might make a decision that shows them maturing as a character or backsliding right that's also change even if a character is refusing to change that fits inside the change umbrella because the reader is wanting them to change and yet they're refusing to change and so it creates this wonderful tension and conflict in the story and this is a great way to see whether the glue of your scene is holding together ask yourself in what way does my character change or grow or learn in this particular scene Seven make sure it's essential to plot progression so if you look at the structure of a novel it's a bunch of scenes lined up with each other until you reach the end and you feel satisfied for some reason and if a reader doesn't feel that the scenes are linking to one another and building toward an end point they're going to stop reading I once wrote an incredible first chapter of a novel that featured these geeky hilarious energetic American soccer players hitting on European girls in a club it was amazing I wanted to structure the whole book around it there was only one problem though it didn't really link up to the next chapter didn't build the overall plot line and when I sent to agents that was pretty much their feedback I'd promis one thing in the query later but this particular chapter didn't progress the plot so even though that was one of my favorite scenes I've ever written I had to delete it because it didn't fit into the book as a whole think of your scenes as a series of box cars right each linked up to one another and if the box car doesn't pull the one before it and push the one in front of it then you're not creating a chain that's going to be strong and linked and the reader is not going to get through all of it eight prioritize actions and dialogue over thoughts and back story you know what a great exercise is is to pick a scene that you've written and then divide it up into categories divide it up into action description dialogue thoughts and backstory and then figure out the approximate ratio of each one is most of it dialogue is most of it thoughts is most of it backstory a bad scene often contains far too high of a ratio of backstory and thoughts and not enough of the present moment action of what's actually happening in the scene now I'm not saying you don't need thoughts and backstory both are great devices don't get me wrong I'm just saying pay attention to the ratios of what you're doing in a particular scene if the ratios are off that should flip a little you know danger signal in your brain you should think all right maybe I need to rejigger this scene a little bit to make sure things are actually happening right now ninth and final point is three essential questions for every scene one what would happen if I cut this scene it's always a great question to ask yourself because if you can cut it and the book doesn't suffer you don't really need it in the book every scene should be absolutely core for helping the reader reach the end of the book two ask yourself what is changed by the end of my scene are we a little bit closer to finding out the mystery are we a little bit closer to two characters falling in love or a little bit further away from two characters falling in love and three how does this scene move the story forward what is it accomplish in terms of character development in terms of plot if you can answer all three of those questions satisfactorily then you have written a scene that has earned a right to stay in your book

  Top Comments:
  1. @GerryonKnight [19 likes]: My problem with this, is that I picture a movie in which every scene starts late and ends early, and all of a sudden it's not even a movie anymore. It's basically a collage of snippets. That's actually one of my biggest issues with movies. Or, if that's what a movie is, I don't wanna watch it. Lost interest already.
Maybe it's just me, but I remember reading books when I was little, and oftentimes I'd come across scenes where part of the build up was a description of a bookshelf, for example, or a collection of trophies in a glass cabinet. Items were described in great detail, and I could see the whole thing in front of me, but in the grand sceme describing those items was totally "pointless" if we go off of this advice, because the items were never used or even talked about by any of the characters. Yet, I loved the fact the writers had dedicated a small paragraph to that, because it made the world feel authentic and real. Like it was alive. Like I was actually there.
Much of this advice I disagree with, because while it's useful, its purpose is to cater to the part of the brain that craves instant gratification. "Do anything but never bore the reader!" Fine, but why? "Because that's how you can sell a lot of copies." Gotcha! That's my problem with this video and what is discussed in it.
With respect.
  2. @tindrawesterlund730 [2 likes]: I feel that a mix of these would make a book that you read quickly, but don't really remember. Without filler scenes or some longer scenes that can be a little boring, the book can easily be more shallow, looking for dopamin kicks.
  3. @bass5601 [1 likes]: I got through an entire writing tips video, and wasn't sold anything, I wasn't even hit with a sponsor. Incredible work.
  4. @siliriusred4594 [1 likes]: 1. Start late, end early - start as late as possible to get into action asap, then end right after climax
2. Like how each story has a main plot engine, every scene needs an engine - what makes this scene interesting? 
3. All scenes need to multitask: should further characters, plot, mood. If it doesn't, it's a bad scene. If this is happening, try fusing it with another scene
4. Play with time while writing. Speed up boring bits. 
5. All scenes NEED some kind of conflict. Some kind of disagreement.
6. Have small character changes in each scene. (Or highlight lack of change).
7. Scenes need to link into each other. 
8. Actions and dialogue should have higher weight in a scene compared to thoughts and backstory. Thoughts should lead to character decision. 
9. All scenes must be essential. The scene must progress the story.
  5. @linneaplayz8785 [1 likes]: That was the best video I’ve seen in my life
  6. @agrendae: Not every scene needs to be conflict charged. There can also be scenes that have tension for other reasons.  Flirting for example.
  7. @elathiaskade7311: Irrational information detected: “start your scene later than you think you should”
Must be replaced by “start your scene appropriately”
Your lack of accurate wording in conveying the concept makes your other judgments suspect as well.
  8. @FlooserLoser: i like writing fanfic and most of the advice is useful but i suppose some of it comes to personal preference.  i write my scenes according to your tip: prioritising action and dialogue, but when it comes to fanfiction, it's largely character driven and i've found authors who describe a character's thoughts or use very colorful analogies in their description to be vastly entertaining and i'm always wondering how they do it WHILE also writing good dialogue and action
  9. @tindrawesterlund730: I feel like the scenes become so short if you do the first, or maybe I´m just at a boring part of my book! I feel like the scenes are interesting, but at the same time not and too short.
  10. @naninimagine: thank you for this video, i have learned a lot from this single video than many other sources combined.
  11. @ahmedabughazala4589: The music in this video is a bit loud, which made it a little distracting.
  12. @karengarrison4237: Bookfox is a great writing coach. I love his succinct format with humorous comments. I have learned so much and have had to dismantle and rebuild my first novel with gratifying and instant results.
  13. @WenAriel: Thank you so much! This was helpful.
  14. @JGbeats14: hey, how do you write a scene header?
  15. @kylewilzon8612: i come back to this often i still disagree that evert scene needs conflict to be entertaining this really doesnt k=make sense to me.
  16. @eltonyaguiu7026: ❤❤❤
  17. @Thomasservo: I just found this podcast. Very interesting idea for screenplay writers. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zoL9B-BTP3c&lc=UgwAWIXAEE1NSPl6HdJ4AaABAg
  18. @crybabylulu: 3:47 this is shocking to me because i have been doing this and i feel like my scenes have too much useless crap in them ngl
  19. @Joe-m8c4d: There's no pushing in a train.  Only Pulling. 
Interesting. 
Right?
  20. @simonfurygedney: Brilliant

- TPOT 7 INTRO (best intro): Kind: captions Language: en well that was awkward the thing it's broken uh no not by saying Mason wait my face [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @SabiKatz [654 likes]: MY THIIIIIING chain!

Join my EPICCC discord server!!! :chillwcat:
https://discord.gg/b5pytT2Ywa
  2. @foxliasgriffinYT [2 likes]: the og video not available IMA CRY PLS I NEED IT
  3. @mintyzaki7368 [1 likes]: Its here https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N7R_h8oQZ8A
  4. @김은수-es [1 likes]: The video was deleted
  5. @aparnajoshi9611: Among us reference at the end of
  6. @Louella-w7d: WHAT IN THE- how winner just do amo gus dance!? 0:14
  7. @Ella-Mae098: Skibidi Sigma
  8. @Ella-Mae098: Winner smashed him like a rock
  9. @Ella-Mae098: Bro farted in his pants
  10. @mdsukorabdullah9243: I will not watch it again 💀
  11. @Mr._demonicplayer67: Winner twerking asf 😭
  12. @KBoden1973: Winner knows that BFDIA 5b is a game.
  13. @ChEEsCakE_67: The gyat in the very end 0:16
  14. @rolandoaninao4090: 0:11
  15. @CookieloverXDDDDDD: Winner after loser choosing fame over him
  16. @violetskiy854: i guess winner was the real cake at stake all along
  17. @JoyAcelajado: 1:11
  18. @loxonknows_everything: i was NOT expecting that
  19. @FIREJASON21-z5q: wth did winner twerking
  20. @JohnnyBoyEntertainmentMPG2: 0:14 WINNER COME ON BRO WHY

- The YouTube Hook Formula That Actually Works (to blow up your channel): Kind: captions Language: en The average YouTube video loses 45% of viewers in the first 30 seconds. Most creators think better content will fix this problem. But here's what everyone misses. It's not about better content. It's about better hooks. I've developed a five-step hook formula that helped me increase my audience retention from 55% to 79% and grow from videos that barely got 200 views to ones that reach escape velocity. But don't just take my word for it. Throughout this video, I'll be sharing insights from top creators who've mastered this skill. Let's start with some wisdom from Samir, who together with Colin have built their careers analyzing what makes videos succeed. The first thing we track is first 7-second viewership, then first 30 second viewership. The thing I have to do after I've earned your click is write a compelling hook that first backs up the title and thumbnail, and second introduces a new question that you want the answer to by the end of the video. Those first few seconds are absolutely critical. As Samir pointed out, viewers need immediate validation that they clicked on the right video. And that's exactly what we're going to master today. Imagine this. You step into an elevator and you suddenly realize you're standing next to Mr. Beast. He glances at your YouTube channel on your phone and asks, "So, what's your next video about?" The doors close. You have exactly 30 seconds. You wouldn't start with, "Well, um, my name's Dave and here's what I was thinking." before eventually getting to the point. Instead, you should just instantly hit him with your most compelling idea or a surprising statistic or a counterintuitive approach that makes your video unique. This is exactly what happens when someone clicks on your video. You have 30 seconds to make your pitch. If you waste those seconds with unnecessary context or slow buildup, they leave. I remember how disheartening it felt when I first started out, pouring hours into creating videos I was proud of, only to see people clicking away within seconds. It's like inviting someone to dinner and then watching them walk out before even tasting the food. That feeling of rejection is something every creator understands. And it's not your fault. Most of us were just never taught how to properly introduce our content. And the data backs us up. YouTube's own analytics show that if you lose a viewer in the first 30 seconds, they're likely not coming back to your video. I want to signal in my first 30 seconds that like I know why you clicked on the video and I understand the problems that you are facing. Obviously, Ally nails it here. Your hook needs a signal that you understand exactly why the viewer clicked. When I implemented this approach in my own videos, my average percentage view jumped from around 35% to 45%. The videos that perform best all have one thing in common, a strong structured hook that follows the five-step formula. Let me show you exactly how this formula works. Great YouTube hooks function exactly like movie trailers. They don't give away the entire film, but they create enough intrigue that you can't help but want to see more. The best trailers make you feel like you'll miss out on something valuable if you don't watch the full movie. Your hook needs to create that same sense of anticipation and FOMO in just 30 seconds. There are three key psychological principles to understand how hooks capture attention and drive engagement. Here's how it works. First, the curiosity gap. Your brain hates unresolved questions. When I say most creators get this one thing wrong, you can't help but wonder what that thing is. There's a gap in your knowledge and it makes you curious. Second, pattern interrupts. Unexpected statements jolt your attention. When Lionus says, "The good news is the Nintendo Switch 2 is coming very soon." That sparks your interest, but then when he adds, "But there's also bad news." Your brain immediately perks up because something changed. Third, speed to value. Viewers make snap judgments about value in seconds. The faster you deliver, the better chance they'll stay. With these principles in mind, let's break down the five-step formula. Your first four to eight seconds need to immediately confirm what your video is about and spark interest. You can do this in many ways. A surprising fact, problem statement, dream scenario, a direct question, or mind-blowing information. Here's a couple of quick examples. Hey, it's Mark. So, the latest Zelda game is wonderfully inventive, loads of fun, and I say this without a hint of hyperbole, a crime against user interface design. Mark is a king of sparking interest. He instantly creates interest with a bold, slightly controversial statement. He signals exactly what this video is about, Zelda's UI design, while creating enough tension to make you want to hear more. I joined a professional powerlifting competition with only 100 days to prepare. The only problem, I've never powerlifted before. I have no technical training, and I kind of don't even know what it is. Matt immediately establishes a challenge and a problem, creating instant interest. You're hooked because you want to know how someone with no experience will handle a professional competition. The key to a great interest spark is making sure viewers know within seconds that yes, this video is exactly what you thought it was while adding a compelling reason to keep watching. To help you master this crucial skill, I've created a detailed worksheet that breaks down all five steps of my hook formula. It includes multiple interest spark approaches, proven patterns for different content types, and specific examples that you can adapt for your own videos. You can grab this worksheet for free using the link below like button. After your interest spark, you need a pattern interrupt, a contrasting transition that creates tension. Words like but, however, or yet. They signal that something unexpected is coming. These guys just broke into my car in San Francisco and stole my backpack. What they'll soon find out is that thanks to some high techch glitter and fart spray delivery mechanisms, that's no ordinary backpack. Ain't nobody back there, right? Mark sets up an expectation, car break-in, stolen backpack, and then immediately subverts it with his pattern interrupt. But what they'll soon find out, this creates a tension loop that makes you want to see that resolution. What are they going to find out? Here's another great example. Your party watches as a massive scaly beast descends on them. Its thunderous footsteps shaking the earth. It lets out a blood curdling roar. That's right. It's that classic D&D monster, the Tyrannosaurus Rex. Wait, you thought it was a dragon? Come on, dragons have wings. Try to keep up. Jenny beautifully sets up the expectation and then interrupts the pattern with, "Wait, you thought it was a dragon?" This moment of surprise re-engages your attention and makes you curious about what's coming next. Your pattern interrupt should be quick, just 1 to 5 seconds, but it's crucial for maintaining attention, and its secondary purpose is to lead directly into the next step. Step three has two essential components working together. The first is the twist, which challenges expectations, and second is the specific value, which makes viewers want to stay. Twist and value. This is where you reveal there's more to know than your viewers thought and provide specific value they'll get from watching. There are many different techniques that you can use as a twist. You can challenge conventional wisdom, reveal unexpected information, introduce a counterintuitive solution, pivot to a different aspect of the topic or raise stakes dramatically. Here's a great example from Marquez. See if you can pick out which twist he uses here. This is a drone. And when I say drone delivery, I think most people picture something like this trying to deliver packages, which is just that's ridiculous. That's way too much. But the thing is, I've been looking into drone delivery for the past little bit, and it is very, very different than that. Marquez starts by acknowledging what you think you know about drone delivery, and then challenges that assumption with, "That's ridiculous. That's way too much." He directly challenges the common assumption about drone delivery that he just established. Then he promises to reveal what drone delivery actually looks like based on his research. That's specific knowledge that viewers don't have. The twist creates tension by contradicting what viewers thought they knew. And then you follow it up with the value that offers the resolution to that tension. This one-two punch is what keeps viewers hooked. We have been invited to meet one of the largest, if not the largest, currently living fantasy authors, Mr. Brandon Sanderson. So, I really, really want to impress him with something cool. The twist. Meeting a famous author isn't just a casual encounter. It's a once in a-lifetime opportunity that requires something special. The value. She's going to show viewers her creative process for making something impressive enough for Brandon Sandersonly, something they can learn from and apply to their own projects. Your twist reveals more to the story than viewers initially thought, while your value clearly articulates what they'll gain by continuing to watch. Without both elements working together, your hook loses its power to retain viewers. There are several techniques to promise value. They range from specific outcomes, time or effort savings, valuable insights, or resource reveals. The key is making sure that these two elements complement each other to create an irresistible reason to keep watching. Next, you need to establish why viewers should listen to you specifically. This can be through direct experience, researchbased authority, or borrowed credibility. Every year, 20,000 cars are broken into in the city of San Francisco. Having teamed up with a veteran investigative reporter and gotten our bait car broken into 25 separate occasions over the past 8 months, Mark establishes credibility through research, sharing statistics, and mentioning his extensive testing. This signals that his content is backed by real data, not just opinions. In my case, for this video, I mentioned how I've gone from videos that get 200 views to finally breaking out by using these exact techniques. and I use borrowed credibility from other creators to make my points. Your credibility statements need to be brief but specific. Give viewers confidence that you can deliver on the value you promised. And step five, you need to compress your hook to deliver maximum impact in minimum time. Use short, punchy sentences that create momentum. And so in this video, I want to share five tips that I've learned over the years that I find super helpful for why your boss might hate you and crucially what to do about it. Alli ends his hook with clear signposting of what's coming next. Five specific tips plus solutions. This creates clarity and sets expectations for the video. Remember the difference between a wordy hook and a compressed hook is dramatic. Just listen to this. If you've been trying to grow your YouTube channel for a while now, but haven't been seeing the kind of results you're hoping for, you're definitely not alone. Because this is something that a lot of content creators struggle with. And it's often because they don't have an effective hook strategy versus this compressed version. Your YouTube channel isn't growing fast enough. You're not alone. Most creators struggle to do this, too. The problem isn't your content quality, it's your hooks. My five-step hook formula can fix this immediately. The compressed version has more impact in less time. Exactly what you need in a hook. And the last piece of this puzzle is the other half of the equation for video, your visual hook. This is basically part six, but only for video. And I'll be honest, visuals are something that I'm actively working to improve in my own videos. Including visual elements will make your hook 100 times more powerful than just spoken words alone. That's because people read faster than they can listen, and they can visually comprehend a full scene almost instantly. When a viewer first clicks on a on your video, they're making split-second judgments based on what they can see, not just what they hear. There are two key visual elements that help the most. If you skip these, you're ruining all the hard work you've done. The first critical visual element is text on screen. Just putting three to five words in a big bold font dramatically improves your viewer retention. These words should distill your main message down to its essence. For example, if your verbal hook mentions why successful YouTube videos use pattern interrupts, you might want to show one of these on screen. The second crucial piece is motion. You need just the right amount. Too much motion overwhelms viewers and they'll miss your message. Too little motion and it's like having none at all. It bores them and they'll leave. This could be as simple as deliberate hand gestures or walking slightly towards the camera, changing your position, or a camera zoom. Implementing basic text overlays and more intentional movement significantly improves how many people stick around. The combination of text on screen, the right amount of motion, and your spoken hook creates a powerful synergy that's far more effective than relying on your words alone. By the way, if you're finding this content helpful, you should know that my newsletter subscribers received this worksheet early. They've already been implementing these techniques while I was putting this video together. When you sign up for my newsletter, you'll immediately get this five-step intra hook formula as a welcome gift. I send out resources like this, plus tips and insights every week. Just click the link in the description to join. It's completely free. And if you just want the worksheet, you can download it and unsubscribe right away. No hard feelings. But I think that you'll find the tips that I share weekly valuable for growing your channel. Let's address four quick hook mistakes that can derail your entire video's performance. The first is too much context. Starting with unnecessary background instead of jumping straight to value. This is one of the key lessons I learned from my content strategy video. if you want an example of what not to do. Second, excessive greeting formalities, wasting precious seconds on, "Hey guys, welcome back to my channel." Some creators can get away with this, maybe in an a bridged diversion of this, but they're not small creators. Third, vague value promises, saying, "This will help you," instead of specifically how it will help them. And fourth, low energy delivery, not matching your delivery energy to the importance of your message. If your hooks aren't working, try to record multiple versions. Be sure to always analyze your audience retention to see where viewers drop off and learn from those lessons and improve in your next video. We're all on this creator journey together. I've made plenty of hook mistakes myself. Videos where I rambled too long before getting to the point or where I failed to clearly communicate the value, but that's how we learn and grow. Every video is a chance to improve, and I'm still refining my approach with each upload. The first 30 seconds of your video can literally be the difference between a video that barely gets 200 views and one that reaches escape velocity. By implementing this five-step hook formula of intra spark, pattern interrupt, twist and value, credibility, and speed to value, you dramatically increase how many viewers stick around for your content. And here's the amazing thing. As you get better at hooks, you'll find that they not only improve your metrics, they also help you create clearer, more valuable content overall. I'd love to hear about your experience with hooks in the comments. What's been working for you? Which step of the formula do you find most challenging? or if you're willing to share, post your best hook from a recent video and we can all learn from each other's examples. I personally read all the comments and I try to respond to as many as I can. Remember, just like growing a YouTube channel takes time, mastering hooks is a skill that develops with practice. Don't get discouraged if your first attempts don't immediately double your retention. Keep refining your approach. Study what works and you'll see improvements with each video. Now you understand how to hook your viewers. But you might be thinking, "I don't even know how to get viewers in the first place." The key to YouTube success isn't making better videos. It's understanding that viewers watch for themselves, not for you. Watch this to understand the mindset shift required to attract more viewers. It's not about you.

  Top Comments:
  1. @davejeltema3 [59 likes]: I struggled with the hook on the video about hooks, who would have guessed xD. But as I mentioned, improving your hooks is a skill that takes practice. Done is better than none, and I had to get this video out. Keep practicing your hooks too - we're all learning together!
  2. @OnionGrassFoodForest [1 likes]: I love that you included Ginny Di in this.
  3. @imchoffy [1 likes]: Nice video
  4. @shehzadmuzammill [1 likes]: brother you are an honest guy <3
  5. @ОлегБушилов [1 likes]: thank you
  6. @YouTubeOperatorAcademy: Nice framing — I’d also make the first 15 seconds deliver the same promise as the thumbnail/title so the viewer feels the payoff immediately.
  7. @GrunfWorks: Nice structure. I’d make the first line even more specific about the viewer payoff, then trim anything before the hook has already earned attention.
  8. @Woodenshoe-droning: Great information as usual.  I will use it ❤
  9. @BjornFree7: I'm bad at this. I've been writing for 35 years as a hobby, published several times. But I can't set the hook to save my life.
  10. @pearlbotts: love this video! thank you for sharing
  11. @DirtyLittleRats: thank you!
  12. @zivamayne: 0:12 79%💀. This is what I’m trying to get better at right now
  13. @motorradvoyager: Absolutely gold content for new channels
  14. @TopDeckCardsUnboxing: good advice!
  15. @SothpawDesigns: I watch a lot of generic "make better videos" videos, but this is an excellent piece of content. You got the sub, and even got me to join the newsletter, which I VERY rarely do. Thank you.
  16. @DemonBunnyDioramas: Great video. I struggle on how apply this my diorama videos.  great doc too, thank you
  17. @SimpleTechExplained-ur2ig: Thanks for a hook. Really nice!
  18. @butCheek2000: Do you know anybody that can help me with a hook because I don't know how to do a hook?
  19. @CoachClaySmith: This was articulated with so much clarity. I really appreciate the way you broke this down—it gave me something practical to reflect on & apply. Thank you for sharing your insight. 💡
  20. @rod_yap: thx bro

- Tracker by Creator Grid — Track, Analyze & Create Content Faster (Full Demo): Kind: captions Language: en Meet Tracker by Creator Grid. A powerful analytics dashboard built for modern creators and teams. Instantly see the metrics that matter. Track total followers, views, engagement, and performance across all your accounts. Hover to uncover trends and understand exactly when performance spikes. Instantly compare top performing accounts. See which profiles drive the most impact. Adding a new account takes seconds. Simply paste the profile and start tracking. Dive deeper into individual account performance. Analyze follower growth, engagement trends, and performance patterns across time. Understand what's working and where opportunities exist. Move from account insights to individual content. Examine post level metrics, including engagement and reach. Know which posts to double down on. Ready to track smarter?

- Hook Point Book Summary ( Captivate Your Audience in a 3-Second World): Kind: captions Language: en-US Hey everyone! Welcome back to our channel, where we dive into the most captivating ideas and books from around the world! Today tackles the summary of Brendan Kane's "Hook Point: How to Stand Out in a 3-Second World." In this video, we'll explore the crucial concept of hook points and&nbsp;how they can help you capture your audience's attention and drive engagement in today's highly competitive digital landscape. Let's dive in! 1. The Importance of Hook Points In our fast-paced, content-saturated world, grabbing your audience's attention within the first three seconds is critical. Hook points are the powerful, attention-grabbing elements that make people stop scrolling and engage with your content. Crafting compelling hook points is the key to standing out and building a strong brand presence online. 2. Mastering the 3-Second Rule The 3-second rule states that you have just three seconds to capture your audience's attention before they move on. To do this effectively, focus on creating an instant emotional connection with your viewers. Use bold visuals, thought-provoking headlines, or intriguing questions to pique their curiosity and compel them to engage with your content. 3. The Power of Storytelling People are naturally drawn to stories, and storytelling is an essential element of creating a strong hook point. Craft narratives that resonate with your target audience, addressing their needs, desires, and pain points. By weaving stories into your content, you can forge deeper connections with your audience and&nbsp;make your message more memorable. 4. Micro-Content vs. Macro-Content Hook points are most effective when they're tailored to the type of content you're creating. Micro-content, such as social media posts and online ads, requires punchy, attention-grabbing hooks that instantly convey value. Macro-content, like blog posts and YouTube videos, benefits from more in-depth hooks that pique curiosity and encourage further exploration. 5. The Hook, Story, Offer Framework To create a powerful hook point, follow the Hook, Story, Offer framework. Start with a captivating hook that grabs your audience's attention, then tell a compelling story that builds interest and connection. Finally, present a valuable offer that compels your audience to take action, whether it's clicking a link, signing up for a newsletter, or making a purchase. 6. Leveraging Social Proof Social proof, such as testimonials and endorsements from satisfied customers, can be a potent hook point. By showcasing the positive experiences of others, you can build trust with your audience and demonstrate the value of your products or services. Use quotes, case studies, or even video testimonials to highlight the success of your happy customers. 7. A/B Testing and Optimization To refine your hook points and maximize their impact, it's essential to test and optimize your content. Use A/B testing to compare the performance of different hooks and identify which elements resonate most with your audience. Continually analyze your data and make adjustments to improve engagement and conversion rates. 8. Humanizing Your Brand Finally, a critical aspect of creating powerful hook points is&nbsp;humanizing your brand. People connect with other people, not faceless corporations. By showcasing the personal side of your business, you can foster a more authentic connection with your audience. Share your story, your passions, and your values, and let your unique personality shine through your content. 9. Consistency is Key In the world of hook points, consistency is crucial for success. To maintain your audience's interest and build a loyal following, it's essential to produce high-quality content on a regular basis. By consistently delivering value and engaging hook points, you'll establish yourself as a trusted voice in your niche and keep your audience coming back for more. 10.Learning from the Best To elevate your hook point game, study successful brands and influencers who excel at capturing their audience's attention. Analyze their content and identify the strategies they employ to create captivating hooks. Use these insights to inform your own approach and develop hook points that truly resonate with your target audience. In today's fast-paced, content-driven world, mastering the art of creating powerful hook points is essential for standing out and capturing your audience's attention. By understanding the principles outlined in Brendan Kane's "Hook Point," you can develop captivating hooks that resonate with your audience, forge deeper connections, and drive engagement across your digital channels. We hope you've gained valuable insights to help you create compelling content that stands out in today's competitive digital landscape. Remember to like, comment, and subscribe for more insightful summaries and discussions on influential books! Thank you so much for joining us today, and as always, keep learning, stay curious, and until next time, happy reading!

- This NEW AI Method for Writing YouTube Hooks Changes Everything: Kind: captions Language: en One of the hardest parts about creating content for YouTube is writing a good hook. And it's because it is so important because you have your title, your thumbnail, and your hook as the three main elements that if one of those breaks, your video might just go nowhere. And it can be the difference between 10,000 views and 100,000 or 500 and 5,000 depending on where you're at. And I'm going to show you how to write YouTube hooks using AI to sound like the top 1% of creators in your voice. It's going to be completely free and it's going to be the way that will change the way that you look at hookw writing forever. So, I'm going to use a quick example. Ed Lawrence, who I think is the absolute goat at YouTube education, has a lot of good videos because not only does he talk about hooks in certain points, but he also practices what he preaches. And his hooks are so well formatted that every sentence has a purpose. And it's going to be one of the best examples we can use because all of those will make this example so much clearer so that you can understand how these hook formats work. So you're not just getting the right AI, you're also going to get a little bit of understanding so that you can fact check these and that way you're not relying 100% on AI. You can use a little bit of your thoughts there. And all you want to do is you want to click and you want to share these videos and you want to put those in and add them. Now I normally go for about 25 to 30. If you're just getting started, you can put 10 to 15 in. Get an idea of how it works, but 25 to 30 is normally going to give you enough. And all this is doing is it's pulling in the transcripts. It's not going to analyze the video or things like that. I can show you how to do that for free as well. But this one is meant to analyze the transcripts. And since we're working on hooks, this is the one that's going to give us the information that we're working for. And all you got to do is add those. All right. So, all we're trying to do is analyze the structure of the way these hooks are working. And then we want them to write like us. So, this is the prompt which you can find in the description below. Study the opening hooks from the video sources from and then you put that person's name in. Now, if you have already put your videos in and their videos in, I actually like a prompt here at the beginning that says, "Hey, identify the creators of these videos." Now, I would say focus on one creator plus yourself. Don't try and do a whole bunch at once. That can cause problems and there's really no need to. And you say, "Hey, analyze this." And then you can go that. Now, you can turn those on and off. We'll talk about that later. But we want to make sure that it identifies both of them so that when we use the person's name, it makes it a lot easier. And so, we're just going to put this in and say his name. and it's going to be able to identify that. So, study the opening hooks from the video sources from Ed Lawrence. The hook is defined as the opening part of a YouTube video and it leads all the way until they start talking about the first talking point. Now, if you're writing hooks on YouTube, this is just a little pro tip that stop writing until you tell people what's in the video. Focus on that one to two sentence connector to the first part of the video because that way you get out of like those bad CTAs. You avoid that little drop off and you don't let them off the hook because you're hooking them at the end of the hook and that's what we want to do. Notebook LM has a tremendous output limit that it can do and we're just going to put this in. We're going to hit or we're going to hit send and see what it comes up with. So, this is the output that we get and we get a full breakdown on 10 effective YouTube hooks hook from and it tells you what it got it from. Now, if you've never used Notebook LM, one of the best things about it if you're using it for research or anything else is that it uses citations so that you can actually like see where it's pulling this information from. So, you can fact check it. You can also click uh if you're using transcripts from YouTube videos, uh good luck with this. If you're using other things, it might be a little bit easier to read. For transcripts, you're not going to get much there. So, just hover over those things and it'll tell you where it's at. But it breaks it down the hook and the text transition. So, what does that look like? We get the hook structure. So, it's credibility stacking, so metrics and achievement, a universal problem. Struggling channels make common avoidable mistakes, and a solution promise. 19 lessons that actually make money. Now, let's move down to another one. We get something similar. So we get a direct question that challenges the assumption again very strong format bold answer and a thesis benefit stacking so a new method delivers maximum value grows business is easier and is cheaper to outsource and the contextual setup and so what does that look like? So it gives us a hook format. So we have a name for it essentially. And you might be wondering what do we do with this? And so we have the establishment of mistakes. We have the language usage. So we understand and the effectiveness of it. Why did it work? So if you want to learn about it, this is what's great. So that when you're writing those hooks, you understand what each part means. Now the worst part about notebook LM is if I hit the refresh button, all of this information goes away. There's no save chats. It's not like using a chat GPT or Claude or or Gemini where it's going to save the conversation. Now, the cool part about Notebook LM is you don't have to worry about losing the conversation because you don't care about the whole conversation. You care about the good stuff. And the good stuff might be educational for you. So, there's a button at the bottom that says saved a note. We're going to click that. It's going to create a note on the side. And this makes things a lot easier because now you can refer back to this and you have it as a note forever. Now, there's actually something that you can do as another step, which is now the pro tip that I don't see anybody talking about this one. This is what's crazy to me is that well, we have those hook formats. What if we just got a bunch of hook formats? So instead of 10, we had 20 or 30 that we just kind of developed over time. Well, you can actually click on the three dots here and say convert to source. And so now we have that as a document in our sources. So later when I come in here to write hooks, I'm going to turn off all of Ed's videos. I already learned from his. I don't need to save those anymore. But I can turn on a source and then I can turn on my sources of information. So I say, "Hey, I've got the hook formats and we understand how to write them and we have examples of them." So now we don't need these old videos. So we don't have to repeat this process every time. So we just have the hook format saved. So I can come back in here and say, "Hey, here, give me 10 hooks written using the anatomy of effective YouTube video hooks." You could rename that if you want and say, "Use this as the source for like how we want to do it." And now output me 10 format or 10 hooks written based on this information. And that's how easy it can be to save this information so that you can come back to this notebook. It's there forever. But don't worry, there's actually more that you can do with this to make this even easier. So, I pre-prep this one. And the next hook is I wanted to write like me. Now, there's two ways of doing this. And you can explore the other ways if you're using research somehow. But one of the easiest ways to do this is using the hook structure and formats you just analyzed. Use the source YouTube search D. That's the doc. So I say use this source and I you have to make sure it's turned on uh in channel author and use Google doc as the source information to write hooks in the voice style tone and language of the source doc but in the format structure and transitional style of the analyze hooks. You could probably make that better if you want. But all we're doing is saying take what you just learned and write it like me because that is a transcript from a video that I've made. And what that looks like is it's just going to show you what those hooks are. So now we have those hooks that we just broke down and learned from. And now it's going to rewrite those hooks for me. And so all of the stuff that we just learned, we now have that. Not only that, but it has our transitional statement as well. So we get a full hook. Now you can expand on this. You can tell it to write more or less, all the instructions that you want, but this is kind of like the baseline to where you can use this tool. And so now we have all of these hooks written exactly in the style and format of ones that we know are proven and work. And now we have it written in my language. And that's the beauty of Notebook LM. Now, what happens if you don't have a bunch of transcripts and I don't want to do that. So, you have your own YouTube channel. What you can do is, like I said at the beginning, you can add all of your videos or 20 of your videos so it understands your language. It can even be 10 because at that point, there's enough words that you've written or spoken that are going to be there. And so, now you're just going to say, "Hey, use the sources." Now remember earlier I said, "Hey, specify at the very first prompt like identify the the creators by name." So I understand that you have each one of them. And so the way that sounds now would be using the hook structure and format you just analyze, use the source YouTube videos from Josh Howard and write 10 hooks in the voice, style, tone, and language of the source videos, but in the format, structure, and transitional style of the analyze hooks. So, it's just going to say, "All right, well, I'm going to go look at those transcripts now from Josh. I already know how this works for the formats, and now I can use that language from those 10 videos of yours that are there, and it will understand exactly how to write those in the formats of your favorite creator or somebody that you're trying to emulate." What you're going to think next is very straightforward. How can I write full scripts with this? Well, the best way is to iterate on it, but there's actually a completely better way if you actually truly want to oneshot a prompt and and get a a script out. There's actually a way that again, nobody's talking about, it's actually not using Notebook LM and it's not using Claude and it's using a format that most people just don't want to believe is true. So, if that's a video that interests you and you want to see that, feel free to drop a comment in the description or hit subscribe so I know that you want to see more content for YouTube and we'll go from there. But look on this channel for more information about YouTube, but also how to generate stuff with AI for content on

- I Found an AI Tool That Analyzes Any Social Media Profile in Seconds: Kind: captions Language: en Hi, this is how to use the Creator Insights extension. Once you install the extension, you can go to any social profile, Instagram, YouTube, TikTok, or X, and on the right-hand side, you'll be able to see the Analyze Handle pop-up bar. Click on that, and once you do, it takes a couple of seconds to load and provides you with detailed analytics. Here, you will be able to see overall metrics, hooks, and script analysis. In the hook analysis section, if you click here, it will extract the top 10 videos. Upon proceeding with the analysis, you can recreate content for yourself by analyzing the top hooks and scripts of this handle. Again, you also get metrics like reach, content performance, and many more insights that you can explore here. Finally, there is the Ask section, which is basically like ChatGPT, but dedicated to this handle. You can enter queries like, "What are the top 10 performing contents?" and brainstorm anything within this interface by asking questions.

- How to test video hooks to go viral: Kind: captions Language: en this is how I produced viral videos making over $5,000 without spending hours on content I posted five of the exact same video with different Hooks and the results surprise me today I'm exposing the results of my experiment and everything I learned so you can do the same first I'll show you how I set up the experiment and why I chose the five different hooks then I'll share the results and what I learned from it and how it's going to change my content strategy finally I'll share tips on how you can do the same step by step but first why do you need to test your content if you have a limited ad budget and can't test too many variance I always test it on Tik Tok first if you don't have the ad budget to test five different videos and you want to see which video can get you the most Revenue the lowest cost per results the highest Ro ass or return on ads spend I always test my video ads on Tik Tok organically first and pick the top two to put money behind in ads the second reason is it helps you figure out what to double down more on because it'll give you better return on investment of your time and my favorite reason the third reason is to disprove any assumptions you might have like let's say you think this video content is going to do very well but it actually flops and that might be because you're focusing on the wrong hook a few disclaimers before I dive into everything first you do not need many followers to do this second you don't need to be a content creator professional you can just turn on your phone and speak to the camera third don't do this for every single video it's very timec consuming you only do this to kind of set the direction for future videos once you find out what works so here's how I set everything up for my experiment I filmed fil Med all my videos at once including the five different hooks because these were all the same video except for the first 2 to 3 seconds after filming everything I edited all the videos exact same video only swapped out the beginning some videos were literally the same video except the text on the screen changed then I posted everything at the same time on Tik Tok and on YouTube I have less than 200 followers on Tik Tok and less than 3,000 subscribers on YouTube so you can really do this with any amount of followers here's how I experimented Ed with my video hooks I filmed one video but tested out five different hooks I posted them all at the same time because I wanted to keep all these variables constant so I can be sure that it was the hooks that impacted the video's performance so variant number one it was a video of my face with my data dashboard as the background the text on screen said three ways to do unhinged life tracking I actually said I track my entire life in the video variant two was my face and my laptop and desk the text on screen said tracking my entire Life as a product I actually said have you ever boss bed so hard your life becomes a product the third variant is just my face and my wall it's a blank wall the text on screen said three of my best unhinged tracking tips what I actually said in the video hook said three unhinged organization tips to improve your work and life variant four was my face with the dashboard background again this was actually the exact same video as variant one except the text on screen said expose in my unhinged life tracking system instead of three ways to do unhinged life tracking what I actually said again it was the same as variant one I actually said I track my entire life the last variant variant five it was just my face with my white wall behind me and the text on screen said exposing my unhinged life tracking system what I actually said was I turned my life into a product so you can see I tested multiple different angles here like more educational three ways to do this three ways to do that life tracking system was mentioned unhinged life tracking was mentioned I track my entire life so here are the results and what I learned the first variant the one with my face and the dashboard background these are the combined views from Tik Tok and YouTube so this first variant got 3.2k views and I learned that showing the dashboard in the background performs well as does saying I track my entire life it's straightforward which I think it intrigues people to keep watching variant number two which was my face and my laptop and desk 1.5k views mentioning tracking my entire life gets interest and starting with a question seems to work well too number three was just my face with a blank background except it was more educational like three ways to do this it got 800 combined views so this educational content seemed to perform the worst variant 4 again that was the same as variant one which is my face with a dashboard background but the text on screen was different so this variant got 5,000 views this is the most number of views compared to the 3.2k that variant 1 got got and the only thing that was different about this video was I said unhinged LIF tracking so the word exposing and system was added I think this makes people curious to learn more which is why they watch more and the video performs better the last variant variant five which was just my face with a blank background saying exposing my unhinged life tracking system and I turned my life into a product this one got 1.5k views and I think systems works but if it's combined with I track my ENT ire life and a visualization that performs the best my main takeaways here are hooks suggesting a new framework like exposing my system tend to perform better because they get people more Curious visual hooks also matter showing that data dashboard visualization tend to always perform better educational videos like three ways to do unhinged life tracking or three ways to get organized those don't perform as well as story based content which is just me sharing my own experience and what I did and I think it's because stories are more entertaining in the future I would start with more straightforward content like I track my entire life use more exposing and systems and less educational content even if my content is educational I'll frame the hook so it's not like three ways to do this or three ways to do that so here's how you can do the same number one you need to focus on the problem that you're solving and what value you can bring to your audience with your content number two is list three to five different angles for example let's say you run a finance newsletter and you're talking about investing and specifically this video you're talking about which ETFs to invest in here are the five different hooks you could try the first one is more negative where you want to play into people's fear of missing out you can say avoid doing this with your ETFs mistakes to avoid with your ETFs things like that so people keep watching to find out number two I would go with a desired outcome kind of hook so like make $5,000 from $100 with this one ETF three I would go more experience heavy with this one an example would be I wish I knew this before investing in my first ETF number four is more entertainment based I find that entertainment can do very well I'd say something like if ETFs got you feeling like WTF watch this the last one number five play more on curiosity exposing my ETF system that makes me $5,000 a month so now you're saying you have a specific system that people can follow and they'll be curious to keep watching just to find out what that system is after you have your hooks you film everything you edit everything and remember you can literally make the same video and just swap out the text on screen you'd be surprised to see how differently they can perform then post on a platform of your choice I prefer Tik Tok because of high discoverability from the for you page and remember to post them all at the same time with the same caption because you want to keep all the variables constant so you can be sure that the difference in views is due to the hook change and not because of something else I usually wait a few days or up to a week to get the results I leave the videos up on my page but you can delete them if you want then I post the winning variations on platforms where I have more followers or you can take the top two or three win wining variations and test them as ads if you found this helpful make sure to check out the link in the description I have a newsletter that helps people with content creation and setting up your own content business specifically for newsletters and short form video I would also appreciate it if you could like comment subscribe I'd love to hear what questions you have so leave a comment thank you so much for your support I'll see you next week bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @dangapostrophe [1 likes]: This was really interesting, Jennifer. The fact that story-based presentation performed better than hitting an educational note (i.e. "Three things I learned ...") was not what I expected. Really useful!
  2. @justyusufmate: Underrated hook women
  3. @justyusufmate: U need to repost this lady
  4. @MrJubilance: Great insights! I just started making content again recently and found that changing the hooks & thumbnail text is a total game-changer on TikTok. Went from 6% retention to 12-20% retention rate for my videos. Really appreciate the tips. Looking forward to more!!
  5. @matcheandoo: what do you use to edit your videos? 🧡
  6. @austongreen9883: awesome tips!
  7. @Veggivibes: Thank you . Me as a very new YouTuber , this video is giving a great tip . Very different tip from other videos
  8. @faddad101: nice solid experiment. thanks jennifer
  9. @shelina_virjee: These are great tips! I hadn't thought of doing an experiment like this, thinking my followers would be annoyed if they watched more than one of these.
  10. @VionaWatson: Hey very nice video but I think when you ad a little bit of B-roll than your video can have a better watchtime 
Sorry for my bad English I'm german😂

- Steal Viral Hooks  The 600 Second Short Form Content System: Kind: captions Language: en Hey everyone, Mark here and today I'm going to show you a method so incredibly simple for generating an endless stream of high performing short form video hooks without ever having to grind for a fresh idea or completely reinvent your creative wheel. The core trick is surprisingly straightforward. We aggressively steal the initial attention mechanisms that others create [music] and then we immediately layer in much superior conversion mechanics that they usually forget. Now, it might sound a little bit shady, but trust me, this is simply shrewd marketing. [music] Because while content creators are absolutely brilliant at stopping people from scrolling, they are often tragically terrible at actually converting [music] that attention into actual sales dollars. What we do is take their proven attention-grabbing introductory moves and seamlessly build them into a consistent, profitable content engine using a tool like Vizard to [music] handle the heavy lifting. Let's be completely blunt. Many creators successfully win massive amounts of attention and views. Yet they still struggle financially because they completely fail to structure the crucial follow-through like the pitch, [music] the funnel structure, or the clear conversion pathway. Smart advertisers, however, can expertly piggyback on those irresistible creator hooks and then delicately layer in tight direct response copy, stronger offers, and an unmistakable call to action so those eyeballs actually transform into paying customers. [music] This fundamental difference, the structural gap between attention and transaction is precisely the lucrative territory that we are setting out to [music] exploit for consistent results. So, the next logical question is, how do you actually differentiate a truly good high-intent hook from one that's completely mediocre and destined to be scrolled past instantly? There is a simple powerful [music] metric that you can immediately start using to gauge performance. And I call it the hook rate, which is calculated by dividing your 3se secondond video plays by your total impressions. This crucial number basically tells you precisely how many people out of the total saw the post and actually stuck around long enough to get past that [music] vital first 3se secondond mark, confirming if your headline and visual combination worked. While Facebook ads and Tik Tok [music] ads won't show you a pre-labeled metric called hook rate by default, you must take the proactive step of creating a custom column in your ad dashboard [music] with that exact formula. Once you've built this custom signal, that hook rate column becomes your singular most reliable indicator [music] of whether the initial creative premise is strong enough to pull viewers in effectively. Your primary goal should be to aim for a hook rate of roughly 50% or even higher because that demonstrates that half of your impressions converted into engaged viewers past 3 [music] seconds. Conversely, if your creative is consistently falling under that 30 to 35% range, you can be almost certain that the underlying hook concept itself is fundamentally weak and needs immediate replacement. It's absolutely essential that you analyze this hook rate on a per creative basis. Ignoring the broader adset or campaign averages because that granular view is the only way to truly pinpoint the exact winning concepts. So the next big question is how do we systematically find those objectively winning hooks without relying on pure guesswork or endless scrolling through mediocre content? The approach involves actively scanning the major short form platforms primarily Tik Tok but also Instagram reels and YouTube shorts. specifically looking for videos that punch massively above their creator's typical reach and average performance. The absolute best signal of a truly universal and powerful hook is observing a creator who has a relatively modest follower count suddenly produce a wildly viral clip that explodes beyond their established audience. High view counts paired with a relatively low follower count is a definitive sign that the idea itself is doing all the heavy lifting and that is precisely the kind of content engine you want to replicate endlessly. [music] Now, let me walk you through the fast workflow I personally use, which is where the Vizard tool becomes completely indispensable for turning this research into production. Step one involves scouting the wild viral hooks by searching within very specific niches for articulated problem statements rather than just generic product names. Think things like dog joint pain or women's hair thinning. Crucially, you are looking for those specific clips where a smaller, perhaps unknown creator suddenly pops off because those are the hooks that clearly resonated with a massive audience outside their normal bubble. Step two is measuring the hook strength [music] using that 3se secondond plays over impressions metric if you have access or otherwise estimating based on strong watch time and relative reach compared to follower size. Step three requires you to rip the entire hook mechanism understanding that the hook is not just the text but a powerful combination of the written promise, the visual that stops the thumb and sometimes even the audio element. Most people make the fatal mistake of only considering the overlay text which is precisely why they fail to achieve consistent top tier performance across their content library. You absolutely must analyze and combine that whole [music] trio, the text, the scroll stopper, and the audio to fully capture the viral energy of the original clip. This is where Vizar becomes indispensable for step four. [music] You simply upload your long form source material or even just the creator's short clip into the platform to leverage its magic. It's incredibly powerful auto-editing viral clips feature instantly scans that footage, finds those high impact moments, and converts them into [music] ready to post short videos with zero manual effort from you. This capability means you eliminate the tedious, [music] mind-numbing work of manually scrubbing through hours of footage because Vizard is expertly [music] programmed to spot the perfect visual moments that create that powerful scroll stopping effect. For step five, once Vizard has [music] delivered those clean extracted clips, your job shifts to adding sharp, concise, benefit-driven overlay copy that directly speaks [music] to the viewer's pain point. For example, you'd want to use something like, "Stop giving your dog that cheap food. [music] Try this single ingredient instead paired with a very brief microCTA and a low friction offer. This is where you inject the conversion mechanic, the highly structured promise that the original creator almost always neglects in their pursuit of pure views. Finally, [music] step six is setting up the automation where one of my favorite features is Vizard's autoschedule function, [music] which handles the tedious task of posting across platforms according to your set cadence. You absolutely do not need to babysit every single upload or manually manage the timing anymore, [music] which you can pair with the content calendar view to track, tweak captions, and reuse your proven top clips efficiently. The entire underlying philosophy of this system boils down to achieving maximum speed and maximum scale simultaneously. Something that was previously almost [music] impossible for solo creators. I can personally run the entire initial hook discovery phase in [music] under a minute. Find a niche, perform a quick search for high performing clips from smaller, less known creators, and then let Vizard immediately spit out a batch [music] of 15 candidate shorts. From that generated batch, I select the absolute best three, quickly refine the direct response copy, attach the clear call to action, and get everything scheduled to go live across all platforms. Incredibly, after this entire process, you can have a small, testful funnel of proven, high-intent hooks live and running across your channels in just 30 to 45 minutes flat. To give you some concrete examples, let's use the dog supplement niche because it has been an absolute gold mine of proven concepts in the advertising world lately. You will consistently see four main types of attention-grabbing hooks pop up in this space. Starting with the classic, I fixed it hook, which promises a fast, tangible resolution to a common problem. For instance, you might see phrases like how I eliminated my dog's limp in just 14 days, or this single easy supplement finally stopped my pup from constant limping, which are highly potent because they offer quick wins. The second category is the surprise or discovery hook, designed specifically to play on the viewer's natural curiosity or perhaps a subconscious fear about what they don't know. Examples include highly compelling but slightly provocative statements like you will genuinely not believe what my veterinarian told me about popular dog supplements on the market or this one ingredient in most brands is actually making your dog's condition worse. The third powerful style we leverage is the expert authority hook because people instinctively trust recommendations and insights coming from someone positioned as a genuine subject matter expert. Think about hooks structured as as a veterinarian with 10 years of experience here is the absolute only supplement I recommend for senior dogs or the classic most vets won't tell you this secret but here it is. And finally, the fourth category is the testing hook, which capitalizes on social proof and the inherent desire people have to see evidence derived from real world experimentation [music] rather than just opinion. This manifests as something like, I tested [music] 12 different dog supplements for hip pain over 6 months, and here is the only one that actually delivered visible results for my pet. If you simply commit to collecting and documenting just 10 to 20 of these proven hook formulas, you immediately establish a highly reproducible plug-and-play marketing system that minimizes risk. You can paste these tested structures into a simple document, feed them into your favorite AI copy tool, or just manually riff on the concepts yourself to generate dozens of strong headline variants ready for testing. [music] Essentially, the artificial intelligence dramatically shortens your ideation loop. Vizer drastically shortens [music] the production loop and your refined direct response ad strategy successfully closes the final [music] sale. Let's briefly touch upon a few tactical tips regarding the actual creative execution because the text overlay component carries approximately 80% of the entire hook's [music] persuasive power. The next most important factor accounting for about 15% is that scroll stopper visual, that specific movement, a compelling facial expression, or that piece of [music] action that physically forces the viewer's thumb to freeze on the screen. Audio contributes a very small percentage, maybe just 5%, [music] primarily because a large portion of users scroll with the sound completely muted. But nailing the right sound can provide a nice little extra juice when it connects. [music] Therefore, your definitive checklist for any winning short form creative must include an irresistible text hook, a visually compelling scroll stopper, [music] and a quick unambiguous call to action to guide the viewer. Vizard's core value proposition here is that it completely automates the creation [music] of the first two elements, the text extraction and the visual cut, while simultaneously making the final scheduling [music] step almost effortless. Now, let's quickly address other popular tools so you can avoid unnecessary [music] time syncs or that nagging fear of missing out on a better solution for your current editing needs. Tools like Cap Cut, [music] Descript, MV are fantastic for manual editing tasks, but they inherently require you to search for all the source footage, identify the clips [music] yourself, and cut them manually, which is a huge time drain. Furthermore, the scheduling functionality is almost always relegated to a completely separate tool, forcing you into constant [music] unproductive context, switching between three or four different applications to publish one piece of content. Some other platforms out there are often prohibitively [music] pricey or simply overengineered for creators who really just need a high volume content output [music] solution, not complex post-production suites. Similarly, scheduling tools like Hootsweet [music] or Buffer are great for publishing, but they absolutely cannot scan, extract, or create compelling viral clips from your source content for you. Vizard effectively solves these three major logistical pain points all at once. It automatically finds the viral moments in long videos, prepares those ready to post shorts instantly, and centralizes the scheduling into one unified content calendar. This integration translates directly into significantly less total editing time, fewer necessary software subscriptions, and a vastly faster ramp up time from a raw idea to live optimized content ready to drive traffic. Now, is this system absolutely perfect for every single edge case imaginable? No, because no software tool can claim total perfection in every scenario. There will absolutely be times when you desire a very specific custom edit or need to place a hypersp specific brand overlay that only a human editor can finesse with absolute precision. However, for the vast majority of high volume content needs, Vizard gets you 80 to 90% of the way to a highquality viral ready short in a tiny fraction of the time a manual workflow would require. For active creators and small teams whose success relies on posting daily or even multiple times per day, that sheer amount of time saved directly translates into saved revenue and accelerated growth. Here's a pro tip I frequently use. When I find a killer hook on a Tik Tok video, I immediately use Vizard to check various long- form sources like podcast [music] recordings or webinars for the exact same underlying idea. Often, a creator's completely off-hand unscripted comment buried deep within a 1-hour live stream will actually generate a far superior short form clip than their [music] highly polished 30-second promotional reel. Another powerful way to implement this is to take your top three visitor generated clips and immediately run them as dark post ads, monitoring that crucial hook rate metric in your platform dashboard. If a creative hits that sweet spot of around a 50% hook rate, you immediately know to pour more budget [music] into scaling that version. But if it fails, you instantly swap in another visor generated variant to test. The ability to iterate your creative concepts materially faster, sometimes daily, is entirely dependent on having production automated like this, which removes the biggest bottleneck. People frequently ask me if adopting this strategy constitutes some [music] form of creative cheating, and my answer is a firm no. It is simply the act of working dramatically smarter in a highly competitive digital landscape. The audience attention is absolutely out there waiting to [music] be captured. Creators are simply the ones building the initial magnetic field and you are expertly [music] redeploying those proven attention getters with a laser focused conversion mindset. One final crucial operational note. If you are running high [music] e-commerce and scaling significant ad spend, you must ensure your back-end operations, payment processors, [music] chargeback handling, and refund flows are rock solid. If you are pushing over $100,000 in monthly revenue, those critical operational processes require dedicated attention. But that is a separate conversation from this creative growth lever. So to summarize the entire master [music] strategy or the TLDDR, you find proven viral hooks from smaller unproven creators. Diligently measure their strength with the 3-second metric. Use Vizard to auto extract and schedule the best cuts. Always pair them with strong direct response copy and relentlessly test the results. Rinse and repeat this cycle and you will establish an [music] infinite hook system that provides a steady stream of short form creatives that genuinely convert, eliminating that dreadful daily creative grind forever. [music] All right, I could honestly keep ranting about this all day, but if you want the exact prompt, the specific filters I use to find those small creators, I will be dropping that detailed resource down in the video description below. I seriously challenge every single [music] one of you to set up this exact process and test it rigorously for just one full week and I guarantee you will see a massive tangible difference in your short form creative output and performance. Thank you all for watching. Go build that system and I will catch you in the next video. Peace out.

- Jordan Peterson On The Emptiness Of Hook-Up Culture: Kind: captions Language: en so jordan one of the things that you talk about in the book which is i think really wonderful and and i hadn't heard you talk about it a lot before you've done in some of your lectures but it hasn't been the main theme it's sort of the relationship question you know how do you maintain romance in your relationship and as a dude who's been married for almost 13 years at this point i can say that you know it is very very good advice i mean the amount of work that has to go into a relationship to keep a relationship functioning at a high level is tremendous and that's not what you are sold in the media what you're sold in the media is number one the happily ever after wedding ending but even that is now hacked now the idea is that there is no happily ever after that basically you're a fool if you get married and that true happiness lies in changing partners on a fairly routine basis but that's not the case that you make at all you make the case that happiness is going to lie and fulfillment more importantly is going to lie in the hard work of of putting romance into your relationship and and people i think when they get into this thing they don't know how much work it is to even do the sort of thing where you plan you have to plan romance into your life particularly after you have kids it's a reality i had a lot of clinical experience you know and i had men in my practice who were very successful serial serially sexually active and it didn't work for them very well now i would say very forthrightly if i had two men and all other things being equal one was capable of serial sexual relationships and was attractive enough to manage that and the other wasn't that the person who managed to do that is more successful i believe that so if you're abstinent because you're incapable that is not a virtue but you can't divorce something as miraculous as sexuality from your life how are you gonna do that well you can trivialize it it's nothing well okay well then then then you have nothing so good luck with that you're going to take one of the deepest sources of meaning that's available to you and turn it into nothing well that's its own punishment well so then you integrate it into your life well what do you want for your life dude i mean do you want to be what what is what is it that you want from sex do you want intimacy do you want closeness do you even want the experience to be of high quality do you want the person to pay attention to you well they're gonna have to care for you i mean lust will get you somewhere and it's not nothing but but it's by no means everything and and everyone knows this people are lonely they need and they need someone to communicate with and they need someone to tie themselves together with so their lives make a rope they need someone to communicate with when times are good and to share their triumphs and they need someone to share their catastrophes and they need a framework that's stable so that they can have children and well why would you have children it's like that's a stupid question it's like well what else are you gonna do you know i mean there aren't that many things that make up your life and intimate relationships that's twenty percent of your life or thirty percent of your life children that's twenty percent of your life now you can get away with neither of those but you better have a walloping career or a tremendous aptitude at something creative and remarkable and maybe you can do that maybe that'll be enough for you but i've seen that unidimensionality work out well very very very very very rarely so and you have children because you won't have you'll never have the opportunity in your life to have as high quality relationship with anyone as you could potentially have with your child so you're gonna forego that well you can but what's left for you then all this cynicism it you know what it's aimed against blind obedience it's like fair enough okay so i would take a cynic over someone who's blindly obedient any day especially a cynic who was once blindly obedient because at least then they had managed that but if you're really cynical you move past you doubt your doubt and you start to notice and then you engage in your life and so young people are being sold a shoddy bill of goods even if you're successful at what you pursue say serial sexual satisfaction tinder you're a hot tinder item it's like well if you're a male and you're attractive and you have an endless array of willing females it's a gateway to psychopathy as far as i'm concerned because you have to divorce your sexuality from the humanity of the people that you're engaged with sexually well all that's going to do is make you hard and bitter and i wouldn't recommend it so and it's not casual moralizing you know i'm not suggesting that naive abstinence is the right solution but we're not doing a good job ben of of communicating the fundamental values of life to you our young people i got a story to tell you man i talked to this woman this week yawn me park and she wrote a book called in order to live she's an escapee from north korea and like she had quite the life man like starvation then slavery was that kind of sums up her life she had to sell her own mother whom she loved you just think about that for like 15 minutes to see where it gets you and and she was literally a slave in china and she struggled through all that ended up in south korea and went to a south korean university she did all her education in one year elementary junior high and high school in one year passed the ged and got into a competitive south korean university it's like this is quite the girl and she her book it wraps up in 2015. so i asked her about what's happened in recent years she went to columbia university so imagine this girl struggles out of north korea and slavery and pursues her education and gets to go to an ivy league school in new york it's like the pinnacle of her ambition she was drastically affected by george orwell's night uh animal farm when she was in south korea it's one of the first classic books she read and that's what made her decide to write and to speak so she can understand the value of the humanities like virtually no one else can she went to colombia i said well how was that she said it was a complete waste of time and money and i said well wait a second you can't you can't really mean that surely in your four years studying humanities at columbia you must have had one professor or one course that spoke to you you know the way that the books that you were reading spoke to you that that the person made the attempt to push past the limitations of the institution and and mentored you she mentioned one human biology class where she learned about evolution but said that that was all twisted by political correctness near the end and that was all she could muster up for four years of of she said that she felt just about as stymied in her freedom of speech at columbia university studying humanities as she did in bloody north korea that's what we're doing to our young people it's so appalling so appalling there's so much that people can be offered this richness of the past so much that's desperately necessary this isn't optional the idea that man does not live by bread alone that's not religious claptrap thank you for tuning in to the daily wire one of the fastest growing conservative media outlets in the country if you enjoyed this video be sure to give it a like and subscribe to our youtube channel so you don't miss out on any of our content

  Top Comments:
  1. @Audreyreagan.s [1 likes]: It hurts me so deeply that men aren’t like Gilbert Blythe or the men that were properly courting women are like now. I pray everyday for romance with the right man. I pray so hard for the right man. I want to truly love him.
  2. @Jagnole101 [1 likes]: It was a combination of waiting/abstaining/bad luck for me. My wife had us abstain until marriage for a year and a half. Very difficult being a virgin and watching her come out of the shower. But spanking it was my life anyways before her
  3. @alteredwavestudios [1 likes]: Fox and the grapes 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
  4. @tournaline3448 [1 likes]: Not saying they’re wrong but how would these two poor specimens know anything about hooking up 😂
  5. @tomk2926 [1 likes]: Two dorks talking about a subject they will never experience first hand because women don’t find them sexually attractive
  6. @tomk2926 [1 likes]: Ben and Jordan are the type of nerds that hot girls never pursued for casual sex. Talk to a guy who women constantly
Pursue for sex - whether it’s on Tinder, at bars/clubs etc, and you’ll hear a very different opinion Lollll
  7. @BSGlobalWatchUSA: This is great
  8. @BSEagleInsight: This is amazing
  9. @drunkenrampage1588: I'm the type of guy that likes to roam around
I'm never in one place I roam from town to town
And when I find myself a-fallin' for some girl, yeah
I hop right into that car of mine and ride around the world
  10. @jedcarr3410: Bob Odenkirk needs to play Jordan Peterson in a biopic about him.
  11. @cloudingmyskyofficial: The fact that someone who endured North Korea compares her ability to speak freely in American colleges as living in North Korea, it's not surprising but it's saddening. I can't stand education in the US, it's just politics, it's a business, it's brainwashing hive mind propaganda, conform or be cancelled, how dare you question what the majority agrees with and spits out, that's wrong. How dare you not want to waste your time and money with education which is senseless and detrimental.
  12. @thomasanderson2551: "Man does not live by bread alone." That line hit home for me. Didn't know until just a minute ago that was a reference to Matthew. There's deep meaning in that verse, especially in regards to parenting. Thank you.
  13. @DetrickRoberson-l2c: Keep women under "sexual constraints," so that gay dudes like Jordan Peterson, who should be talking about hookup culture as it pertains to the gay community, if he was honest, can have a chance.

That guy's a closeted lunatic...
  14. @sinivlogzz: A vry fw. .dnstc chice
  15. @TheArtofBlues: Does anyone else think Ben looks like that girl who does “the comment section”?? I cant un see it now.
  16. @AlvaroArredondo-ir6iv: “She felt just about as stymied in her freedom of speech at Columbia studying humanities as she did in bloody North Korea. That’s what we’re doing to our young people.” 8:04 😮 hard truth!
  17. @ZazazaLoo: I think every single woman should try being a part of hookup culture. To realize how miserable an experience it is. I've been there. There's no empowerment or control. You just learn not to feel and see the other person as an instrument.
  18. @53Strat: Jordan is spot on with this, the amount of broken females I have encountered that are aged 27+ stunned me. I'm a 31 year old male and from 2020 till 2023 I was going ham on females. After encountering serious hook up females I was totally done with it. It scared me I was going down the same path as them.
  19. @patg3424: Women nowadays are not taught to be wives, are only taught to be promiscuous and are incentivized to divorce. This is not a man problem. What idiot man wants to sign a marriage contract that incentivizes the woman to divorce. Over 90% of divorces are filed by women too. No thanks, It’s better for men to be single.
  20. @David-qy7sb: “If you’re abstinent because you’re incapable, that is not a virtue.”
Winners are called winners for a reason. That's because they are composed of a small group of people.
The majority rest are destined to be incapable.

- Dating women made me understand men: Kind: captions Language: en So as you may remember, I came out as bisexual last year. And since then, I have been dating women. And what I found very fascinating is that the more I date women, the more I find myself understanding heterosexual men. Let me explain. Exhibit A: I was on a first date with a girl, who asked me out by the way, this is relevant because when the check came, she never once made a move to pay. Not even like the fake "let me reach for my purse" move. And though I don't mind paying on a date, part of me felt like, you know, the offer would have been nice. I was also a little taken aback that she didn't even say thank you. AND I never heard from her again. It really made me feel like she just asked me out so she could have a free dinner. And the moment I thought that, I was like, "Oh my god. I sound like all of my guy friends right now." And my argument against why guys should pay for dates has always been like Look, girls take hours to get ready. Our investment is looking really nice for you. Make up, clothes — that costs money too. But we were both girls in this situation. We both took hours to get ready. So I definitely felt slighted. Exhibit B. On another day, I went back to a girl's house and I ended up making friends with her cat. That's not a pun. I'm talking about her literal actual animal. And she said, - Wow! My cat never likes anyone. I better go out and buy a wedding dress. [record scratch] [laughing] [laughing distorts] [awkward laugh] [laughing continues to distort] And again, I felt like I got some serious perspective. I have been guilty of making these kinds of jokes on dates with men. I never really thought anything of it. I was just being silly! But then when I was on the receiving end of it, I suddenly understood the panic. And finally, Exhibit C. One girl invited me back into her house and her specific words were: - Do you... Wanna come in and make out? Obviously, I'm like, yeah, you're really pretty. I want to press my face to yours. But then when we got there, we both just sat on the couch and she talked 'til like... 3 a.m. And I was like yo girl, I gotta wake up at like 6 a.m. I was told there would be kisses here, there are no kisses, And like look, I don't want to sound like an asshole. Like I don't mind talking, I love talking. But she could have said: - Do you wanna come in and just talk? And I would have had totally different expectations for the evening, you know? Finally I started falling asleep and I was like, Hey, I gotta go and I gave her one kiss and... and left. and I felt sad that the amount of kisses promised did not equal the amount of kisses delivered. And once again, I felt like a dude who was upset that I did not receive the expected physical kisses I was promised. And I wanted to talk about this because I felt like this has really been expanding my perspective when it comes to dating. I finally understand a lot of the complaints my male friends have about dating that, I admit, I would usually dismiss. But now I really get it when they say: - Dating is just so expensive, man. - Sometimes I feel like that girl doesn't even like me for me. She just wants like, a boyfriend. - I wish it were more socially expected to go dutch on the first few dates But you're like a jerk if you even suggest it. And any experience that expands your compassion and understanding is one that I think is worthy of sharing. So what about you? Have you had any experiences that have shifted your viewpoint dramatically? Let me know. I'm Anna Akana, and thank you to Squarespace for sponsoring today's video. Squarespace has beautiful award-winning templates and an all-in-one platform So there's no need to install patches or upgrades ever. They also have 24-hour customer service and offer a simple and unique setup experience if you need a domain. With Squarespace, you can create any kind of website whether you're chronicling your dating adventures, or just blogging about your perennial singledom. Go to Squarespace.com/Anna to start your free trial today and use the offer code "Anna" for 10% off at checkout.

  Top Comments:
  1. @AnnaAkana [43000 likes]: One quick note on this. The line I said "the amount of kisses promised didn't equal the amount of kisses delivered" can be interpreted as problematic and I want to clarify that ANYONE HAS THE RIGHT TO REVOKE CONSENT AT ANY TIME. I just thought it was a funny thing to say, and was bummed that we didn't make out cause she was very pretty & intelligent. However I am not entitled to anyone's body, and they are free to not make out with my face if they don't want to anymore. In this specific situation, I think we were both merely afraid to make the first move, but want to clarify for those who may take it in the way it isn't intended to be: just a funny little line I thought of.
  2. @DestinyC1020 [1 likes]: Honestly, the older I get, and the more time I spend with women, the more I understand the issues and complaints men have with us as women too lol 😂  Some of us are just wound way too TIGHT,  and some of the things that come out of our mouths is just 😳
  3. @firstandforemost87 [1 likes]: Women: Whoever asks has to pay

Also Women: Men are supposed to ask
  4. @lettucedposh: girl you are such a pick me. no wonder lesbians think bi women are male centred. i hope the money you got from gross men was worth selling out the community
  5. @FCP-s9q: I know there's rizz, flirtcopilot and a few others for this. I've stuck with flirtcopilot - reads their dating apps profile and generates something that actually fits them.
  6. @AussieBob999: I agree with you, as does all men.  BUT - the reason women dress up etc for a date is not for their date - it is for themselves. They want to be seen at their best for everyone there - not for the date - it is honestly for themselves (and you girls all know that).
  7. @TheRealKarlaKlein: lol
  8. @joh8379: 0:16 LOL, great story... this never happened.
  9. @johnlo580: only a man is tuff enuff to handle a woman , thats why lez relationships have the highest divorce rates
  10. @sarapalin4137: The person who asks you out pays the bill. Simple
  11. @geekystevencomedy: Going on dates with men who are either too pushy with sex or manipulative to get it definitely made me more thoughtful of how and when I make a move when dating other people.
  12. @howieziegler3110: You were going to spend hours getting ready anyway. You were gonna spend money on makeup and jewelry and clothes to make yourself pretty anyways. You’re not doing that for the person you’re going on a date with, you were doing that for you. Therefore, it isn’t really a legitimate argument for why men should pay for the date.
  13. @warman1944: It's hilarious and sad that she's trying to extend an olive branch and say "I was wrong," and half the comments are guys saying it's still not enough.
  14. @Jack-bo2hx: Being bisexual is a sin, do better.
  15. @farvasstache6532: Read about Nora Vincent
  16. @theodicy4: Female Logic for dating: Men are suppose to have the vehicle ($25,000+),  house ($400,000), a really good paying job ($125,000+), a great body, over 6 feet, and pay for everything.  A woman, just shows up wearing makeup.  

Once married, the woman stops everything on her end and the man still has to keep up his side of the bargain.
  17. @jakestarr4718: this is ate up...  this is a reason to end my life, humanities newest low.  this is worse than dating a bridge or bread toaster
  18. @josetep7492: no one cares
  19. @eee-w8p: 0:57 Bro literally js dont wear makeup then we dont care alot abt how you look appearance isnt a big deal
  20. @ZeekMX: There's no female that is ever going to be capable of bending me over, cept my mum. 
There was that one female soldier in Iraq, she knew EVERYTHING.
I have the bizarre feeling I will see her in the after life.
Signed: Gen X 1970 July 16

- #1 Tip For Headlines That Hook Like Crazy: Kind: captions Language: en jim edwards here and here's my number one tip for headlines that hook like crazy now what's this all about well let me tell you a quick story you may or may not know but for 10 years i was a syndicated newspaper columnist which meant that i wrote real articles that appeared in real papers across the and in magazines around the world so i remember when i started writing for the newspaper i was so nervous and so i would literally spend all day sunday writing my column and so then my deadline was on tuesdays around 9 9 30 in the morning and so i would submit my my column and then would wait for the paper to come out on wednesday and i started noticing a pattern and that pattern was that when my column came out obviously i had an editor and the editor would go make little tweaks to my article but not really ever any tweaks that were noticeable but he kept changing my headline literally my headline was not the headline that i put out there and week after week after week after week i'm submitting this thing and he's changing my headline changing my headline so i called him i'm like hey what's going on what's wrong with my headlines he said well they're not hooky enough what what do you mean hooky enough he said well the purpose of the headline is to make people curious to watch the vid i mean excuse me to watch the video to read the article to make them stop make them curious enough to read the article and so you need to hook them with an angle and with curiosity i didn't know it at the time i can't spell curiosity but um i didn't know it at the time but that was one of the most valuable copywriting lessons i had ever gotten in my life by the way one of the things that i will tell you is in my book copywriting secrets if you don't have a copy of it yet you should on page 42 i start revealing to you my 14 top headline formulas that i have learned over the years that are absolutely proven to grab people to hook people and to grab them and pull them in but let me give you a quick tip on all of this and pull it all together i'm going to give you my number one top script for headlines that are super super hooky okay and it is how to benefit that is a formula a script that will work anywhere to sell anything why because the reason people pay attention to anything is because they think there's some sort of a payoff in it for them i don't care if it's quilting i don't care if it's weight loss i don't care if it's how to make money in the stock market i don't care what it is how to improve your marriage the benefit is the hook all right it's it's like a fisherman with their big hook out there and just like the editor of the newspaper barely touched the copy of my article he knew that the hook was what was going to get people to stop what they were doing and to actually read the article so your big tip here is the hook i want you to use this week how to benefit and this is a big reason why you got to be totally tuned in with your avatar because your avatar is what's going to dictate the benefit the payoff the thing that you put in this script that's actually going to work it's going to attract your avatar so this is critical though so try this it seems simple like oh i don't know maybe a third grader could understand it which maybe we'll talk about that later this week but if a third grader can understand it by golly your overworked busy time starved attention starved avatar can grasp it and this works for sales copy and this works for content like gangbusters hey one last thing if you don't have a copy of my book yet copywriting secrets you really should because it doesn't just show you like on page 42 how to use 14 of my top headline formulas and scripts to get amazing results on page 16 it gives you the top 10 reasons why people buy anything which you can then use as the angle for your curiosity inducing headlines and my old editor at the newspaper sure would be proud so if you want to get good at angles you want to get good at hooks you want to get good at all of this stuff grab a copy of copywriting secrets i'll give it to you for free just head on over to copywritingsecrets.com i'll give you a free physical copy of the book just pay a small shipping and handling i'm jim edwards i hope you enjoyed this tip and remember if you want to know how to get a benefit of being able to be amazing at copywriting grab a copy of my book and also check out our blog the jim edwards method premium or excuse me the jim edwards method you have a premium site but we'll talk about that another day

  Top Comments:
  1. @shoda-c1i [1 likes]: The reminder to focus on the "what's in it for me?" aspect is gold; instantly makes my headlines more compelling!
  2. @QuizmasterLaw: 1:30 is where it starts and it outros with an ad
  3. @davidderama1: Amazing
  4. @MarkSetaro: There's a fine line between hooky and hokey.
  5. @albin.revamps: Supper valuable videos
  6. @armikmuson: Oh, Jim, read your books. Like your content.
  7. @VeronicaShah-s4l: This video is a game-changer! I'm excited to implement the "what's in it for me?" principle and see how it boosts my click-through rates. Thanks for making headline writing feel less like a shot in the dark!
  8. @JenniferAnderson-f2s: Focusing on the reader's "what's in it for me?" is brilliant; I'm already seeing how this will improve my headlines. Thanks for the clear, actionable strategies to create benefit-driven hooks!
  9. @jasiannapolanco: The "what's in it for me" principle is a game-changer! I'm excited to implement this strategy and finally create headlines that truly connect with my audience. Thanks for the clear and actionable advice.
  10. @truthserum7923: The title itself hooked like crazy😅
  11. @GiovanniFerrari-t2k3u: This showed me how to write headlines that actually feel personal. My engagement’s already up!
  12. @lainetrask: Amazing breakdown of how to cut through the noise and focus on what truly matters: the reader's immediate benefit! Definitely going to be reframing my headlines with this "what's in it for me?" approach.
  13. @traytonsteelman: The "what's in it for me?" angle is so crucial; I'm going to use this to re-evaluate all my headlines from now on!
  14. @junelwolter: Awesome breakdown of how to craft headlines that speak directly to what the reader wants – can't wait to try this out and see the impact!
  15. @joakimaturner: The "what's in it for me" framework is a game-changer; I'm already brainstorming ways to rephrase my headlines with a clear benefit! Thanks for breaking down the core principles of effective headline writing.
  16. @derk-x1u: Simple, clear, benefit-driven – this approach makes headline writing feel so much more strategic and less like throwing spaghetti at the wall!
  17. @oluwamuyiwa_StoreAnalysts: thanks for this hack sir
  18. @safaball-k5w: Clarity and direct benefit – exactly what my headlines were missing! Thanks for the actionable advice; time to put this into practice!
  19. @chauntell-b1w: Focusing on clarity and the reader's direct benefit – that's the key takeaway for me! I'm excited to implement this approach and see how it impacts my click-through rates.
  20. @Annika-g5w: Great tips! I'm going to try framing my headlines as "you will get X if you read this" to really highlight the benefit to the reader.

- The secret formula to Agatha Christie's murder mysteries - Jamie Bernthal: Kind: captions Language: en Agatha Christie is the best-selling novelist of all time. But in 1916, she wasn’t even the most promising writer in her family. Her older sister Madge had already written several short stories, while Agatha hadn’t published any. So when Agatha shared her desire to write a mystery novel, Madge scoffed. She bet that Agatha wouldn’t be able to create a compelling mystery— and certainly not something she couldn't solve. Today, the novel that came of that bet stands alongside almost 100 other mysteries written by Christie, each one a cleverly constructed puzzle box of clues, misdirection, and human drama. So let's investigate how she crafted these perfect crimes. Christie designed her stories in many ways, but one of the most important decisions was the setting. From a remote island to a snow-stalled train car, she favored locations isolated from society. By restricting the scope of her stories, Christie limited possible suspects and built tension by forcing characters to stay put— even with a killer among them. Sometimes she further heightened the drama by making the characters strangers, unsure who they can trust. But while her settings are eerie and extraordinary, her characters are just the opposite. One of the biggest criticisms of Christie’s novels is that they’re full of two-dimensional people. But Christie avoided complex characters for a reason. By reducing people to a handful of simple traits, she provided readers with predictable suspects. Well, usually predictable. Christie also used the audience's expectations against them. However, this typecasting sometimes relied on what contemporary readers know to be harmful stereotypes. She frequently caricatured particular occupations and ethnic groups for comic effect, reinforcing the prejudices of her time. This is certainly not an element of Christie’s work worth emulating, and fortunately, many modern mystery writers have found less problematic ways to use this technique. Even when she got it wrong, Christie worked to make her characters feel authentic. She closely observed the people around her, and constantly scribbled down details from overheard conversations. She would then rearrange these details to piece her mysteries together, often switching who the murderer was as she worked. This approach kept information murky and disoriented even the sharpest readers. However, there’s an important balance to strike between being clever and being confusing. Nobody wants to read a predictable mystery, but if things get too convoluted you can lose your reader altogether. Christie handled this in part by keeping her language simple and accessible. She used short sentences and clear, snappy dialogue to help readers follow information. This kind of clarity is essential, because the best mysteries string their audience along with a carefully laid trail of clues. With Christie, a good clue is one the reader will remember, but usually, fail to completely understand. For example, when a character cries that “Everything tastes foul today,” just minutes before he dies, the reader races to determine who poisoned his beverage. But they’re likely failing to truly consider this clue. If everything tasted foul that day, then he’d been poisoned long before that drink. Christie also used clues to intentionally mislead her audience. For example, readers might recognize a clue associated with one suspect, only to learn that it was being used to frame them. Other times, she built misdirection directly into the story’s structure— like when a narrator reporting the murder is revealed to be the killer. Outside crime and clues, there’s one more ingredient in Christie’s formula: the detective. Christie created many sleuths, but her most enduring are Hercule Poirot and Miss Jane Marple. Neither this petit Belgian refugee nor this elderly amateur detective are traditional heroes. But their outsider status is exactly what helps them slip past security and make suspects let their guard down. As you might have guessed, Agatha won her sister’s bet. Her eccentric detectives, clever clues, and simplified suspects form a blueprint that has stumped countless readers. And now that you've uncovered her strategies, the only mystery left is what stories you can tell with these secrets.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Yotubeuser1234 [1 likes]: Brooo spoiled the ending of "The Murder of Roger Ackroyd" 😫
  2. @Vesnicie [1 likes]: FFS stop with the finger wagging. I'm a grownup. I can tell the difference between harmful stereotypes and perfectly reflected reality.
  3. @Clippytherevivaltime [1 likes]: Nice animation I like it
  4. @daksh5078: I started reading her novels when I was 14 years old. Ps I do not speak english as my first language so I wasn't very good at it. One of the things that got me so hooked to her was how lucid the language was and how captivating the plot was. 

I remember giving up on so many novels by others or classic novels because I had no idea what was going on in the plot. But Christie felt so new and so fresh. I have now read several of her novels now and I am 18 years old and have a far better grasp on the language thanks to her.
  5. @AllHailKingFigure: This is what ted talks used to be 😢😢🥀🥀💀💀😭😭
  6. @bdboy2871: The GOAT among female writers.
  7. @Tom-vm2wh: I've always felt Christie's characters are indistinguishable from the clinically insane. You can almost imagine the characters laced up in straightjackets with their minders standing behind them.
  8. @BothuaShak: If I want to start reading Agatha Christie, which book should I start of hers? 
Suggest please❤
  9. @MalikFakhar-x1x6q: 👍
  10. @dudovich13: I abandoned Christie when I discovered Marsh, DuMaurier, and Eberhart. They're all better.
  11. @TheUnresolvedArchive-001: can we have more of the viddeos
  12. @Karloff-Psycho: I never try to figure out the mystery or who is the killer.  I'm just happy to go on the great Christie roller coaster.
  13. @sussyamogusplays: a killer AMONG them. SUS
  14. @joseramos-kv4pk: Of course people rely in stereotypes, only changed what are they can use, nobody learn howe not use stereotypes.
  15. @studying.with.g: I've been an Agatha Christie fan since I was a kid. Read every single one of her books, and still I'd get surprised every time
  16. @m444ss: "harmful stereotypes" = smh, lighten up, folks
  17. @w.m.aslam-author: I recently read Mrs. McGinty's Dead. It’s a solid, entertaining Poirot mystery with clever misdirection and a surprisingly ingenious solution. Ariadne Oliver's humorous presence (Christie's self-parody) adds charm and wit, while the village setting is intimate. An enjoyable, funny, clever, and satisfying read. I hope I can one day write a novel inspired by Christie.
  18. @no_one514: 9:47pm 1-15-26 THUR
  19. @topherslibrary: Ok, last comment I swear. lol. I’m going to finish the Greenbone Saga, Suneater series, and am continuing my Game of Thrones Journey. I’m starting Liveship Traders, Malazan, and Ironbound.
  20. @holleyb7861: Miss Marple is awesome!

- Copywriting Formula To Write KILLER Hooks [The Bullet Technique]: Kind: captions Language: en once I had my bullets listed out the idea would then come to me the angle would come to me the hook would come to me because I was so immersed let's say you got a totally green copywriter like a lot of my guys are coming over from other schools like they're just getting started some of my guys are finding me like through the YouTube algorithm what does that mean what do you talk about pluck bullets okay so bullets are short Punchy sentences that demonstrate features and benefits of the product okay so what I would do is I would go into like let's say chapter one of the book and I would pull out gems benefits features within that module and I would just list them and then once I have them all listed I would then take them to another level and make them more benefit Rich so the bullets are a point in the copy where you're not reading a story you're not reading a lead you're not really you're not reading anything in a paragraph context you're just seeing these sentences that have check marks next to them or you know icons next to them and they basically are a summary of the BET features and benefits that are in that product and so I would always start with the bullets right I I very rarely would sit down at a blank page and start writing a headline and then start writing a lead because I would just sit there and be like what should I do this angle should I do that angle what's the best headline and that would just leave me Frozen so rather than thinking about how would you know yeah how would you know you found a bullet if I'm going through the material and ice and I can pinpoint some sort of a result or some sort of a benefit that's attached to what they are teaching in that specific part of the course I know I have something that has the makings to be a good bullet point right so once I had my bullets listed out the idea would then come to me the angle would come to me the hook would come to me because I was so immersed in the course and in the product right and so then I would kind of like write the copy like I would start with the bullets and then I would work my way up and think okay well what's a what's an interesting idea or an interesting hook that I could come up with as a result of going through this right like and it would come to me and that's how I would come up with an idea but I would never really put that much time into like creating a big idea the way I do now the way I know how to write copy now I would just come up with a hook that sounded interesting and made sense right was relative to what I'm talking about in the copy and then from there I go headline lead credibility statement and story right like I I told you about this like story leads are historically so a lead is the first 350 500 600 words in your sales letter it's your elevator pitch it's what you say to Intrigue and Captivate the prospect to want to hear the rest of what you have to say my leads were generally story leads now story leads historically are the most difficult and advanced type of leads to write because you have to know how to you need another skill set right like you have to have actually have a storytelling skill set which I had because I'm an Italian guy I grew up in Brooklyn New York we were born and raised on stories I've been hearing stories since the day I was born and I've been telling stories since as far back as I could remember and so that was always my formula bullets idea story lead that then connects to the introduction of the product and the bullets and then the rest of the stuff was pretty cookie cutter like guarantee risk reversal recap of of the offer bonuses Etc call to action recap again another call to action like all that stuff was pretty much templated like I had that okay I'm gonna use this one this one this one but really that was my process back then for for copywriting foreign [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @dhmedia6433 [5 likes]: Value-packed channel for every copywriter.
  2. @hyddar [1 likes]: Very informative and to the point discussion. Thank You
  3. @ZefQ21 [1 likes]: Is this technique effective when writing short form copy (or any type of copy) as well? Like Facebook Ads for example.
  4. @hossinederiche2442 [1 likes]: hey Kyle i'm having trouble landing clients through cold outreaches, any tips ?

- The Faceless Hook Formula That Goes Viral: Kind: captions Language: en Faceless hooks have emerged as a powerful tool [music] in the world of viral content creation. Unlike traditional approaches that rely on a recognizable host or personality, faceless hooks capture [music] attention through intriguing visuals, compelling text, or captivating audio, all without revealing [music] the creator's identity. This method allows content to focus entirely on the message or story, making it universally relatable and easily sharable. As audiences crave quick, engaging experiences, faceless hooks have become increasingly popular across platforms like Tik Tok, Instagram, [music] and YouTube. Their anonymity also [music] encourages creativity, enabling creators to experiment with bold ideas without personal exposure. The rise of faceless hooks marks a significant shift in how viral [music] content is crafted and consumed. An effective hook captures attention within seconds, sparking curiosity and encouraging [music] viewers to keep watching. It often presents a compelling question, a surprising fact, or a visually intriguing moment that stands out from the ordinary. Faceless formats, which rely on narration, graphics, or text rather than showing a presenter, have gained popularity for their universal appeal. These formats allow audiences to focus on the content itself, making it easier to relate to [music] the message without distraction. Additionally, faceless videos can be more inclusive as they transcend age, gender, and cultural [music] boundaries. This approach often leads to higher engagement and broader [music] reach, especially on platforms where quick, accessible content is favored. Faceless content has become increasingly popular, captivating audiences without revealing [music] the creator's identity. Psychological triggers play a significant role in this phenomenon. The absence of a visible face can evoke curiosity, prompting viewers to seek out more information or speculate about the person behind the content. This mystery often leads to higher engagement as people are naturally [music] drawn to the unknown. Additionally, faceless content allows viewers to project their own experiences and emotions onto the creator, fostering a sense of relatability. The focus shifts from personality to message, making the content feel more universal and accessible. These factors combine to create a compelling environment that encourages viewers to interact, share, and return for more. A viral faceless hook relies on several essential elements to capture attention quickly. The structure is typically concise, presenting a compelling idea or question within the first few seconds. Pacing plays a crucial role as rapid transitions and dynamic editing [music] keep viewers engaged and prevent drop off. Intrigue is generated by introducing mystery or an unexpected twist, prompting curiosity, and encouraging viewers to keep watching. By combining these aspects, creators [music] can craft hooks that resonate widely, even without showing their face. This approach allows for broad appeal and adaptability across different content genres. Choosing the right niche and topic is essential for creating content [music] that resonates with your audience and encourages sharing. Start by researching current trends and identifying gaps in the market where your expertise or passion aligns. Consider what subjects spark conversations or are frequently discussed on social media platforms. It's important to balance your personal interests with topics that have broad appeal and potential for engagement. By focusing on areas that both excite you and attract viewers, you increase the likelihood of your content being shared and reaching a wider audience. Ultimately, a well- selected niche can help you build a loyal community and establish your authority in the field. Creating [music] a strong opening line is essential for grabbing your audience's attention, especially when you're not appearing on camera. The first few seconds set the tone and determine whether viewers will keep watching. Consider starting with a surprising fact, a thought-provoking question, or a bold statement that relates [music] directly to your topic. These techniques can spark curiosity and encourage engagement right from [music] the start. By focusing on the message and delivery, you can make a memorable impact without ever showing your face. The key is to be [music] concise, direct, and relevant to your audience's interests. Storytelling is is a powerful tool for capturing and maintaining an audience's attention. By weaving suspense into the narrative, viewers are encouraged to stay engaged, eager to discover what happens next. Techniques such as cliffhers, unexpected [music] twists, and gradual reveals can heighten curiosity and emotional investment. Effective pacing [music] ensures that information is delivered at just the right moment, keeping viewers [music] on the edge of their seats. When suspense is balanced with clear storytelling, it transforms a simple video into an immersive experience that holds interest from beginning to end. Leveraging trending sounds, visuals, and editing techniques can significantly boost the reach of your faceless hooks. By staying updated with popular audio clips and integrating them into your content, you tap into what audiences are already engaging with. Eye-catching visuals, such as dynamic text overlays or fast-paced transitions, help maintain viewer attention. and encourage sharing. Adopting current editing styles like jump cuts or split screens adds a modern touch that resonates with today's social media users. These elements work together to make your [music] content more relatable and discoverable, increasing its chances of going viral. Consistently refreshing your approach with new trends ensures your faceless hooks [music] remain relevant and captivating. Optimizing scripts and voiceovers is essential for creating engaging faceless content. By focusing on clarity, [music] each message is delivered in a way that is easily understood by the audience. Revity ensures that the content remains concise, avoiding unnecessary details that might distract or overwhelm viewers. Impact is achieved by carefully selecting words [music] and structuring sentences to leave a lasting impression. Together, these elements help maintain viewer interest and convey information efficiently. Well-crafted scripts and voiceovers can elevate faceless content, making it more professional and memorable. Utilizing [music] stock footage, animations, and on-screen text can be an effective way to communicate your message without [music] relying on personal visuals. These elements help illustrate concepts, provide [music] context, and maintain viewer engagement. Stock footage offers a wide range of scenes and scenarios that can complement your narrative, while animations can simplify complex ideas and add visual interest. Onscreen text highlights [music] key points, making information easier to absorb. By combining these resources, you can create a polished and professional presentation that resonates with your audience. Even if you prefer to remain off camera, viral, faceless hooks have become a powerful tool for capturing audience attention [music] online. These hooks often rely on intriguing visuals, unexpected scenarios, or clever editing to draw viewers in within the first few seconds. What sets successful examples apart is their [music] ability to evoke curiosity, emotion, or surprise without revealing the creator's identity. They frequently use relatable situations, bold text overlays, or suspenseful storytelling to keep viewers engaged by focusing on universal themes and delivering a clear, compelling message quickly. These hooks maximize sharability and reach. The absence of a visible narrator allows the content to feel more accessible and inclusive, encouraging a broader audience to connect and participate. [music] When crafting faceless hooks, certain missteps can hinder your content's ability to engage a wider audience. One common mistake is relying on vague or generic messaging, which can make your hook forgettable and less likely to capture attention. [music] Over complicating visuals or using distracting graphics may also detract from the core message, reducing clarity. Neglecting [music] to tailor hooks to your target audience can result in content that feels irrelevant or unappealing. Additionally, failing to optimize for platform specific formats and trends may limit your reach. Avoid these pitfalls by focusing on clear, concise messaging and understanding [music] the preferences of your viewers. Testing and refining your faceless hooks is essential for maximizing their impact. Start by closely monitoring audience engagement metrics such [music] as watchtime, click-through rates, and retention graphs. Pay attention to feedback in comments and social media to identify which elements resonate most with viewers. Experiment with different formats, lengths, [music] and messaging styles, making incremental changes to see what drives better results. Use AB testing to compare variations and gather datadriven insights. Regularly review analytics to spot [music] trends and adjust your approach accordingly. This iterative process helps you fine-tune your hooks for optimal performance and audience connection. In summary, consistently creating viral faceless hooks relies on a blend of strategic elements, crafting [music] an attentiongrabbing opening, using relatable or intriguing scenarios, and maintaining a sense of mystery are all crucial. Leveraging trending topics, and adapting [music] your content to current audience interests can significantly [music] boost engagement. Additionally, concise storytelling and strong emotional appeal help to captivate viewers quickly. By analyzing past successes and continuously refining your approach, you can improve your [music] chances of going viral. Ultimately, staying creative and adaptable is key to sustaining long-term success with faceless hooks.

- THIS AI Generates Viral Hooks Better Than ANY HUMAN | HookFaster Review: Kind: captions Language: en-US Look, I have just spent the last week using AI and scouring the internet for anything that talks about viral video hooks, and I reviewed thousands of different pieces of content and found something pretty wild. The best content, the most viral content uses the same exact pattern for the opening hooks. Actually, there's about eight patterns to look at. Now, this all comes down to what ends up happening. For most creators like myself, I would start the day and I would start with a blank screen. Then I'd rewrite the hook and I think it might be good, but I didn't have a lot of ways to pull from different ideas unless I had just watched something on my phone. So I built a tool I call Hook Faster. Not really to sell it, it's, it's a subscription. But to be able to create hooks that use all these frameworks immediately, so you could get right into the software, type in the idea for the video, get a bunch of different ideas for hooks and generate hooks faster. Think about this same process that maybe Mr. Beast would use Ali Abdu or any of your favorite creators that help them build their business. Now, I've been using this literally for the last six months, and most recently I've just. Updated the entire AI system to be able to use these exact patterns that I have just studied. So the tool is actually better than ever before and it looks like. Claude is just about to drop their latest version, so I'm gonna use that version when it gets updated, but honestly, my hooks have already leveled up. Everything I've wanted to see is going in the right direction. And in this video I'm gonna walk you through the tool, but I'm doing this to show you this is where I am today. At 20,000 subscribers and I don't think anything is gonna get in my way of scaling and building this channel and any content I do to heights that I've never dreamed of. Because with this tool, I now have a way to generate so many more hook ideas, do it faster, and then use that to generate, to then come up with the best idea. I see out of all of it in literally moments. So you could use it, test it, and that's what we're gonna do right now. I'm gonna show you exactly how you can get started for free today. Test it out and see how it works. Now take a look here on my screen. As you could see, this is the landing page. You'll get a bunch of the different experiences and things you could do, but as you could see, this is gonna work for YouTube, TikTok, Instagram, any social platform you are, you're on. And right now we have. 32 proven hook strategies in there. Actually, that should be updated 'cause I just added more that we're gonna take a look at. So once you create an account, you get into a tool that looks like this really easy, really simple to use. Now there's a lot of power here, so all you do is type in your topic or subject. If you have a full script as well, you could paste that in. It's a small box, but you could paste in a thousand words. It does not matter. But here you could type something in and then from there. Choose your target audience. So this, this, the actual hook could be generated for them, and then the tone and style. So in this case, I'm just gonna go to maybe my history of one of these. Let's just go in here. And take a look at something I did earlier. Let's do meta hooks that win. Alright, so here I just typed in. Basically this is a whole script right here. You can see there's a lot of content. I didn't even put anything for the target audience, and then I just chose casual here. In this case, you could also add in any custom hook structures that you want. So if you want to have it do something specific, you can. But what you're seeing here is the generated hooks. Now, let's just take a look at this. Let's just like. This is a true evaluation of the tool, so it generates it. Boom. Okay, we cracked meta's million dollar hook code three structures, honestly. That's really good. Like outta the gate, you could see the engagement score is pretty high here as well, which is awesome. You could go in here and read a little bit more. So it says, we analyze over a thousand meta adada hooks that generate seven figure campaigns last year, but here's what shocked us. 94% of advertisers are using the wrong structure structure entirely. That's interesting. Now I'm like, okay, well what's going on? Wrong structure. What's going on? Let me try to figure this out. And just let me say a quick note. This video, the intro was written using Hook faster, and so if this video pops off, it's proof in the pudding, but let's just take a look at some more. $10 million in ad spend reveals these three hook secrets. That is really intriguing to me. Now, you might say, well, we, like I, I like to be as real as possible. You might say, well, we didn't spend 10 million. Well, maybe you spent a million, maybe you spent 500,000. You could then take these, and that's why it's called Hook faster, because I don't think it comes up with perfect hooks over and over again. They're actually really good coming outta the gate, but you could look at all of these and then use different formats and structures that will work best for your content. Now, let's take a look at this. Why your meta ads fail. It's not what you think. Interesting. This is kind of like reverse psychology kind of idea here. Uh, the meta hook study that changes everything. All right. Kind of vague, not really yet for me, but okay. From zero to a million dollars, the hook formula that actually works. Do you see how you just take a simple idea? Whatever you put in now, I, I put in a whole script, but let's just say, let's do what it says, uh, best productivity tools for, uh, new founders. Let's use software. And learn how to spell productivity. Uh, five tools. I'm just gonna do that. Founders, I could just leave that for new founders. Just founders, and we're gonna do more inspirational. That'll change the setup. And then you could use YouTube or thread. So I'll hit generate. It'll take a second to generate. While it does that, let's go back to the meta ads. Here. It gives you a lot of structures for either threads, reel, shorts, TikTok, X, whatever, where you could come in here and then start to consider like, Hey, what do I like? Not like all of that. Alright, so here, POV. You've been writing Meadow Hooks wrong this entire time and didn't even know it. I mean, I think like that one right there, if I was on like LinkedIn, that's a great intro, like above the fold. That can take you into a lot more or this. We tested a thousand plus meta hooks, only 3% actually made money. Here's why yours probably don't work. That's honestly like, wait, wait, wait. I don't wanna be wasting money. How could you help me if you've tested a thousand? I wanna see that this is like incredible. Now let me show you some cool features of the tool while we'll then go back and check out the recent hooks it just generated. As you could see here, you could generate more hooks down here, uh, of this same exact. Script and style. Now you also have different pages here. You have history, so everything you've ever generated you could go back and access. You also have favorites. So if I really like this one, I could heart it. It'll take a sec, then boom, it'll show up with the, the red heart. And then I could go into my favorites and you'll see, boom. It'll show up there. You can see the full generation. So you could see everything that was generated, uh, when you first went to, uh, create that, which is super helpful. Full. Then from there, there's a winners feature. So over time, let's say you start creating content and you're using it and you publish stuff. You want to see what's winning and see what's working, and then report back, which is really interesting. So then you could say, Hey, this one right here was a winner. So you could click that and then give some type of feedback here about. It being a winner. Then from there say, Hey, this hit a million views in a month or whatever. Uh, this got a lot of engagement, A lot of, we had a lot of people purchase after using this. So this kind of does two things. This gives you an outline of all your winning hooks. So if I say. This was awesome. Let's just do that. I'll hit submit. Then if I go to my winners, you'll see this is the one we just added. Boom, these two are here. Then you could see everything that's winning, and then you could go back and double down on these. You could go back to the full generation as well. It gives you a lot of power to generate hooks, get better at hooks, and really focus in on your hook structure. From there, it actually also notifies. Us as a company and we'll be able to then go in here and like optimize the tool even more off the best hook. So you win, everyone wins. It's awesome. Um, we won't give away any of your data, but as you, you see like, oh, the teacher hooks works really well, then we could see there's structure there. That's really powerful. And what's trending? 'cause I wanna keep this as relevant as possible. Now let's take a look at what just got generated. Here we go. The five apps that built my $10 million company founders only. Really interesting social proof added. That's really, really interesting. Okay, I tested 47 productivity tools. Only five actually matter. This is great. Again, it matters where you're coming from and like. This one, my $10 million company, or the company I exited. Those could be really interesting titles. Why 90% of founders use the wrong productivity stack. That's really interesting. Imagine with the thumb, uh, the thumbnail you show like notion and other tools and then you're gonna say, oh, just use like your notes app on your Apple device. Like that's a really interesting. Conversion of information, thoughts, and ideas for you to generate hooks. I love it. I'm like, I, I am so motivated, uh, so inspired by what I'm seeing already. This is funny. It says it stop using notion. These five tools actually scale companies. Alright, so down here, let's see, five productivity tools. That took me from 80 hour weeks to $50 million company in three years. That's insane. That's a huge promise. But there's a transformation. So basically you just replace that to, uh. Less than five hours a week in three years, it's like maybe not three years. I would say something else around that. Figure out what that kind of looks like best as, which is great. I spent 12 K testing productivity tools, probably true. Only these five actually built my company. That's so interesting. And this is maybe why if you do provide more content into the subject line, it can generate stuff that's more relevant. So I said, these are the five tools I'm gonna recommend. Or if I said something like. Scaling a company from zero to a million, something like that would maybe help in a way, um, to bring this to life. So that's an overview of the tool and I honestly just wanna make it better and better. I actually even wanna make a way for you to report like what's working and that you could adjust it further in your profile. You can actually do some really cool things as well. You add all your social links, your profile, everything, but then you also have your own hook settings. So we have the best frameworks. Already built into the ai so you don't have to do any extra work. But if you have additional frameworks you want to add into the system, you could add them in here. So I'm just gonna do a sample for a second. I just wanna show you how this works. If I go back saving and when I go back to the tool, you're gonna see your profile. Custom criteria will be automatically applied. So. You could apply that, and then you could also apply a third layer, so there's three layers. There's our system. You could apply your account wide system plus specifically for this generation, A system on top of that. So you have a ton of power. To do a lot of really cool things. So what I'll end with is this. I would love to have people testing this. You could get in here for a week, I think it's two weeks or a week. You could do 20 free generations. Yeah. Seven day trial for 20 generations. Go in there, test out different hook structure and style. If you have feedback, I would love it. Second, if you do end up loving it, it's quite affordable in my opinion. Monthly, you could see $10 or 20, uh, for unlimited, and then yearly is either eight or $16 a month. So you get unlimited generations for $16 a month for. Whole year. All of this is built in and it's only the beginning. This is only gonna get better. Bunch of FAQ down here and other stuff as well. But you could get started, start to generate content, immediately improve your hooks. And I feel like for me, launching this right here at the beginning of 2026, a year from now. This tool is gonna be the thing that helped me scale and at the ti at the same time, be my favorite tool. I use it every day. I've used it every day since I built it six months ago. Absolutely love it. Thank you so much for watching, and I'll see you guys in the next one. Peace.

  Top Comments:
  1. @PhotoSlash [1 likes]: "not really to sell it, its a subscription" 
so you're selling a thing monthly
  2. @boruxPhonkk [1 likes]: El celeste video😎
  3. @aaronclemons2081: When I look up hook faster nothing comes up. No webpage. No app.
  4. @HimanshuKumar-x1k9p: not able to login

- 10 Famous Failures Who Never Gave Up and Succeeded in Life: Kind: captions Language: en failure this is a word that most people dread while many of us want to succeed in life it's easy to fear that awful f-word and often it's easy to avoid taking action on a goal because you want to avoid that pain of failure that said the most successful people in the world understand that it takes time and effort to achieve your important goals in other words you often have to fail many times before finding success just ask any successful person and you'll probably hear a variety of stories about their missteps and blunders the big lesson here is that the difference between long-term success and failure is how to react to the obstacles in your life to illustrate this point this video will talk about 10 famous people who have achieved success but also experienced massive failure at one point in their lives so let's talk about the specific setbacks that these individuals experienced 1. thomas edison as a child edison was thought to be dumb and was told by his teachers that he would never be a success because his mind would often wander in class he is also famous for being someone who wasn't afraid to make lots of mistakes in order to succeed in fact when asked about his thousands of failures when trying to create the light bulb he said i have not failed i've just found ten thousand ways that won't work two elvis presley you don't need to be an elvis fan to acknowledge the impact he's had on popular music they don't dub somebody the king of a form of music without a great amount of success but for elvis success came long after a number of failures elvis failed his music classes he was a social misfit as a boy and he worked as a truck driver while trying to get his recording career off the ground after his first paying gig his manager told him you ain't going nowhere son you ought to go back to driving a truck but elvis persevered his first recordings went nowhere he tried to join a vocal quartet and was told that he couldn't sing but finally his music caught on and after all that failure he ended up becoming one of the most popular recording artists in history 3. michael jordan it's hard to imagine but jordan was once cut from his high school team but jordan persevered after experiencing this challenge he kept working at his basketball skills and kept improving he made the team at north carolina and became a star college player then he played for the chicago bulls where he helped his team win six nba titles and then in the middle of his career he took a few years off to try out his dream of becoming a professional baseball player he ultimately failed in this effort to get to the major leagues but was able to have some good games in the minor league michael jordan often attributes his success to the specific failures he's in fact he once said i have missed more than 9 000 shots in my career i have lost almost 300 games on 26 occasions i have been entrusted to take the game-winning shot and i missed i have failed over and over and over again in my life and that is why i succeed 4. harlan david sanders many of us experiencing two or three rejections can be disheartening imagine how it must have been for harlan david sanders whose fried chicken recipe was rejected over 1 000 times when sanders was 65 years old he found himself bankrupt after his restaurant business had failed he drove around in his car pleading with diner and restaurant owners to use his fried chicken recipe the deal was that for every piece of chicken sold they were to give him a nickel as a commission he was turned down 1009 times before a restaurant agreed to use his recipe which he called kentucky fried chicken today colonel sanders is an iconic figure who founded one of the most famous fast food chains in the world 5. stephen king stephen king is one of the most prolific and successful writers of all time he has written over 80 novels and almost every one of his new releases lands at the top of the best seller lists but king wasn't born with a natural talent as a writer he wrote stories as a teenager and a college student collecting a huge backlog of rejected stories he stored in a large crate king wrote his novel cary when he was working as a teacher in rural maine when he submitted carrie 30 times and was rejected 30 times before his 31st attempt he threw the manuscript out his wife rescued the novel from the wastebasket and asked him to try one more time and as they say the rest is history 6. fred astaire many people consider fred astaire to be the greatest male dancer of all time astaire didn't start out a success but he did start early at six years old when he began working in a vaudeville act by the time he was in his mid-teens he had some measure of success in vaudeville and began to work in broadway and musicals a stair wasn't an instant success there either but he slowly began to find a degree of success eventually in his mid-30s he tried to get into the burgeoning movie industry during his first screen test an rko executive noted that a stare can't sing can't act balding can dance a little despite this initial rejection astaire persevered and ended up becoming one of the top actors singers and dancers of his generation he acted in almost 50 movies and earned a variety of emmys grammys and an oscar by any measure this balding guy who couldn't act sing and could dance a little became a huge success in film and dance 7. abraham lincoln if lincoln had quit when the going got tough the world might be a very different place as a young man lincoln entered military service in the black hawk war as a captain yeti left as a private with very little formal education lincoln taught himself and became a lawyer and then a congressman his real rise to national prominence could also be viewed as a failure in 1858 lincoln tried for a seat in the illinois senate this led to a series of hotly contested debates known as the lincoln douglas debates lincoln lost the senate election but really impressed a lot of the right people even with his loss so he kept at the politics thing two years later he ran for president and won thankfully he did not let lack of formal education a spotty career of failures or initial political failure rattle him instead he went on to become one of the greatest presidents of the united states eight jk rowling rowling is the perfect example that success can come to anyone at any time she always planned on being a writer but life interfered rowling battled depression over the untimely death of her mother her first marriage failed and she was left trying to provide for herself and her child while living on welfare going to school and writing a novel in her spare time rowling herself said she was the biggest failure i knew but credits a lot of her success to her failures at a harvard commencement speech rowling had this to say failure meant a stripping away of the inessential i stopped pretending to myself that i was anything other than what i was and began to direct all my energy to finishing the only work that mattered to me had i really succeeded at anything else i might never have found the determination to succeed in the one area where i truly belonged i was set free because my greatest fear had been realized and i was still alive and i still had a daughter whom i adored and i had an old typewriter and a big idea and so rock bottom became a solid foundation on which i rebuilt my life 9. albert einstein if asked to name a genius most people would say albert einstein yet even for einstein genius did not come easy he had speech difficulties as a child and was once even thought to be mentally handicapped as a teen he rebelled against his school's reliance on rote learning and failed he tried to test into zurich polytechnic but failed again einstein buckled down received the requisite training and applied to zurich polytechnic again and was eventually accepted a few years later he had a phd and was recognized as a leading theorist a few years after that he had a nobel prize for physics and began to be recognized as the genius of our modern era 10. theodore seuss geisel when you were a child you probably read green eggs and ham and the cat in the hat as well as other books written by dr seuss to date over 600 million copies of his books have been sold all over the world many would think that this kind of success means that all sorts of doors of opportunity were open for dr seuss however his first book and to think that i saw it on mulberry street almost didn't get published after mulberry street was rejected for the 27th time dr seuss decided to head home to burn the book's manuscript however at the last minute a break came paving the way for publication and a glowing review that transformed this first book into an instant bestseller this ultimately paved the way for the success of his other books so there you have it 10 famous failures who went on to find success in life hopefully these famous failure stories have inspired you to continue working on an important goal even though these people are all world famous now they once encountered challenges just like you now if you want to learn how to model their behavior then be sure to check out our video on the 12 morning habits of the world's most successful people finally we talk a lot about success habits to level up your life on this channel so be sure to like this video then hit the subscribe button and notification bell if you want to see more content like this in the future thanks for watching and be sure to stick around to watch the next video in our channel you

  Top Comments:
  1. @Hamromerochannel [14 likes]: Rockbottom was the solid foundation I rebuilt my life on!!!! ❤❤❤
  2. @Falcon2.39-1 [9 likes]: Nothing worthwhile is possible without the risk of failure. Failing is natural and inevitable and it will happen when you least expect it. We’re all human. Robots were made to not fail, humans weren’t. The only time you are a failure is when you give up and let the failing control you. It’s never about how hard you get hit. It’s about how hard you can get hit, and get back up.
  3. @olumidebalogun6196 [4 likes]: I want to leave this here. I failed myself, my friends and got into financial trouble. But i know that i will try again and make it to the top this time. Also make it up to all my people i offended. 😊
  4. @Ranjul.R-d1u [2 likes]: I failed 12th 
I am trying to succeed 
Its either i live or die 
I dont know what will happen
  5. @chinonyeagubama8583 [2 likes]: Like, if you know KFC
  6. @Redemption203 [1 likes]: Donald J Trump
  7. @prideoflahore [1 likes]: Can I use this video in my lecture?
  8. @vitouvitou5269 [1 likes]: thanks
  9. @dhanguardbusinessbankingco4923: Failure isn’t the opposite of success—it’s part of it.
  10. @Newwineskincommunity: Thank you for sharing this
  11. @wambuialice957: watching this and crying for being so hard on myself
  12. @AdonisRuste-n9s: ❤❤❤
  13. @Dragoon-135: i wouldn't call them failures.
  14. @NickSkiles: I want a wife like Stephen king
  15. @Anastasiabruno: Failed my drivers license after so much practice today 😢
  16. @moniquevamado: That was great!
  17. @lanisolfire5692: I love edisons quote
  18. @sykekilleriser: So inspiring
  19. @krugerfuchs: jk rowling - transphobe
  20. @krugerfuchs: Edison was dumb he robbed the idea of electricity from nikola tesla

- WHEN LIFE HURTS - Powerful Motivational Speech: Kind: captions Language: en what do you do when your battle chooses you what do you do when something shows up on your doorstep that you did not directly cause choose or definitely anticipate life is not always easy in fact some of you today you're here and you're going through the toughest season of your life there will be seasons where we will suffer there will be seasons of real pain and the question is how will you respond in those moments life is hard sometimes easy it's not an option but it's worth fighting is worth believing it's worth giving yourself a chance is worth mustering yourself up standing up inside yourself it's worth fighting relentlessly never giving up it's worth it you can do it you can do it there's problems that we go through that cause stress worry anxiety and fear but you might be in the battle of your life i want to encourage you it's not about what's happening around you it's always about what's happening inside of you just because you feel afraid doesn't mean you have to be afraid just because you feel discouraged doesn't mean you have to be discouraged just because you have fear doesn't mean fear has to have you the sentence out of your mouth is a story that you are putting out i'm not gonna make it i quit let's get a divorce business is never coming back we've lost too many people i've made too many mistakes i'm a failure nobody can help me i've done too many bad things i don't know what's coming out of your mouth but it's a death sentence and as you continue to confess it and as you continue to declare it well don't be surprised when it becomes true in your life we have to make sure that whenever i feel when i think a death sentence i must speak a life sentence oh i'm feeling the sentence of death i'm feeling the thoughts of anxiety i'm feeling the thoughts that i'm done i feel like i've been used and it hurts and it's difficult but when that happens i start speaking out a life sentence no i'm just gonna keep showing up no i'ma get back up the righteous man he falls seven times but he gets back up never give up never give in because skill can't get you past certain things quickness agility can't give you guys mental toughness pain ain't permanent your pain ain't permanent you can get through this you're bigger than your pain you're better than that come on you need to remember this is not the first time you cried this is not the first time you were short of breath this is not the first time you didn't see a weight clear this is not the first time you were hurt this is not the first time your heart was broken this is not the first time you didn't have enough money this is not the first diagnosis that came up from behind [Music] i'm gonna live to tell the story this too shall pass i will remain i'm not gonna quit every one of my burdens there's a blessing on the inside of it if you don't quit you will win baby you're gonna work through this you're gonna get up you're gonna get dressed you're gonna get out and you're gonna do what you've been called to do you're gonna be what you call me and you don't prove that everybody that tried to break you everybody trying to stop you everybody tried to kill your dream you gonna prove all of them wrong just keep coming back if you got nothing left to give just show back up hassel's life man it's just showing up and i'm telling you right now don't give up i'm telling you right now don't get in get through it and if you can get through if you can work through your pain i'm guaranteeing you on the other side is a reward pain is not permanent pain is temporary you

  Top Comments:
  1. @BenLionelScott [1200 likes]: Download this video and audio version by subscribing on PayPal, plus early access to all new videos, and exclusive videos. First month is free! Cancel anytime.
Sign up & more info here: http://benlionelscott.com/subscribe
  2. @PeakDisciplineDog: the goat
  3. @sarahpath: Jesus loves you❤ John 3:16
“For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life.”
  4. @johnathanrodgers2177: Blanking out and talking to God is how I do it and get help from the mental health center
  5. @rong498: Outstanding video sending to my Son
  6. @WeAreMotivatedSociety: When life hurts keep going💪🔥🔥🥊🥊
  7. @Henry-hw9kt: No amount of advice can make me feel right at a point where everything feels point eventually I will still find myself in the same predicament 😢
  8. @RebaSpencer-p9s: "Doubt has killed more dreams than failure ever will."

- Prince Ea
  9. @brandonmohammed3738: THERE IS NO PAIN!!!!!!!!! ITS, ABOUT NOT REACTING TO WHAT YOU CALLS PAIN!!!!!! SMILE!!!! MOVE AWAY FROM GIVING UP!!! CHANGE THE CHANNEL IN YOUR MIND,, ITS GOING TO CHANGE  THE PAINFUL, INTO PAINLESSNESS!!! CHANGE THE CHANNEL!!!!
  10. @MotiveX-t4t: Pain makes human strong 💪
  11. @Keyworddaniel: I just want to live my life without been struggling with anything 😢
  12. @poojasubhash5246: After seeing this.... I am not alone this too shall pass 🙏
  13. @djshadylady: I wish my bro🎉didn't hang himself
  14. @djshadylady: I hate seeing men cry it's like a knife I my heart ❤❤❤
  15. @KholilsTriology: This needs to be seen by more people! Such a powerful message. Thanks for sharing this today
  16. @CicciJohansson1974: Thank you. Amen.
  17. @EverydayMOTIVATION-1a: Hello 
Nice ♥️♥️♥️
  18. @laniwooten-e8o: i'm 12 and i have depression and anxiety and i have  problems  and i have a lot of panic attacks a lot and i'm scared my whole family is disappointed in me
  19. @writers_life_g: ❤🤍
  20. @AbbySoto-v8t: I was crying so hard because this is all true and now I'm going to do want I need and listen to this video

- Mechanical Problems Compilation [Part 24]  10 Minutes Mechanical Fails and more: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] foreign like three days ago but uh oh there we go bro forgot he was a 2016. it's working hey Tristan don't buy that Subaru hey Tristan don't buy that Subaru Tristan that Subaru is a bad idea no man it'll be great Subarus are reliable and they're easy to work on God damn it get me out of this engine bay press the brake press the brake all right let's see that before and after all right dust it in oh I missed it oh there's the problem [Applause] what oh there it is decorating guys I have never seen this before 04 Pacifica comes in for an oil change here's a drain plug here and I'm like what the heck is this doohickey is it like a quick oil drain one of those aftermarket things absolutely not guys this is simply a piece of rubber no oil drain plug at all and I swear to God it pulled in like this it was holding the oil it's just a little squeezy rubbery piece just popped right in there what the heck run it 34 35 36 37 38 39 40 41 42 43 and a quarter ounces on this one Doug look it so all the way I don't know why you ready ready go so glad I caught that on camera thank you I guess that'll be confirmations there's the pig my car is right there if I walk that way I'm going down down down down away from the car if I walk this way I'm going up up up up up up up up how do I get right here customer States no heat found mice and dog food in the fan still good man I don't know what kind of hack does like anyway yeah Jeep Cherokee no start radio frequency module oh yeah there you go and where did it come from that is funny so we broke the dipstick off so we thought the easiest way to check the oil was to uh pull the engine out create a little inspection hole and uh look how good she is the oil in there looks alright we should be able to still use that for a couple more kilometers um a new Bluetooth Conrads are pretty good she's good to go mate all right we'll slap her back in the infamous speed bumps so there's the first one going this way and as you can see they hit right here quite a bit mind you these speed bumps are probably four or five months old and then you got where they land right there

  Top Comments:
  1. @Carhax [3 likes]: Send us your videos/photos   https://carhax-video-submission.com. Hope you enjoy the video
  2. @I_am_Diogenes [2 likes]: 3:30  The guy hit the steering wheel and my screen went black for about 2 seconds .  Damn commercials , they find the most interesting places to put them .
  3. @JacksonGamezNZ [1 likes]: 9:53 SEENNNDDDDD ITTT!!!!!!
  4. @wessmann: Your car is farting because of all the ethanol in your gas it's evaporating
  5. @mmevil: The girl saying her cars farting lmao I was laughing so hard I farted lmao 😅 loved this episode
  6. @Deutschland-8Lb: 0:01 the holy nut
  7. @mrow7598: Speed bumps should be designed so if you go the speed limit its like going over a small pot hole. I hate the ones you have to slow down to 5 mph to safely go over them.
  8. @lorrihedrick2837: 3:33 make this car whoever is filming it to a 24 hours of lemons car
  9. @kingchang6161: 7:06 im glad the dodge dash got a new job
  10. @DoomDwaneCat: Rev up your engine 5:30
  11. @ivaillo.asenov: Why that car farted like that lol
  12. @melissasullivan1378: How cold would it have to be to get the dipstick frozen in the oil pan?!
  13. @overhaul1531: 6:13 is mustang still putting oval bushings on the back of the wheels of mustangs? Because I remember watching a chris fix video where he modified his mustang to drift and he had to change something in the back wheels with circle bushing instead of oval which are very unstable on mustangs oval shaped bushings
  14. @DaveC2729: When you want the pink, all the pink, and nothing but the pink...
  15. @Phantom-dk9: 5:30 alpha 4 you are clear to take off
  16. @Alexs23743: 0:05: Is that the Smash Bros. symbol I see? *10-MILLIMETER SOCKET Holds it Together!*
The "how to remove a radiator" guy needed a trash can to chuck it into.
2:10: Ricer. ;)
2:21: Well, that IS an impact...
4:55: BEEP... BEEP... BEEP... BEEP... BEEP...
5:11: They're still making Mitsubishies?
5:30: "Flight 666, you are now cleared for takeoff."
5:47: Schrödinger's car door lock.
6:18: Found on road dead! Fix or repair daily!
  17. @AnnaClark-fw5br: I find it funny how the first car sneezed and the next car had uncontrollable gas. Thanks for sharing the entertaining clip! 😄🚗
  18. @papascrumpeeh: These are the most idiotic kind of speed bumps I have ever seen , they don't prevent accidents they create them
  19. @sp7058: The missing 10mm
  20. @MuscleCarTruckEnthusiast379: 5:29 KITT!?

- I tested over 1000 ads. Here are the hooks ACTUALLY making MONEY: Kind: captions Language: en Every single hook in this video is something that we have tested and I can confirm is a winner. So, most media buyers and creative strategists think that you need to state your problem right away or even show your product or service within the first 5 seconds of the video to accurately target it to your consumers. However, with the rise of Meta's new algorithm that they call Andromeda, this is actually changing quite a bit. And now, in order to be truly scalable, you need to make content that targets and converts users that are a lot higher up in the funnel. So, my teams have tested like almost over 5,000 ads this year alone, and these are the ones that are converting today on Meta Ads. Let's dive into the first one. I actually already used it on you when you clicked on this video, and that is going to be the investment hook. So these hooks essentially explain the investment meaning time or money that it took for someone to find the solution to their problem which is going to be your product or service. Now the best way to find these investments is to upload a CSV of all your customer reviews and search for the failed attempts that a user went before they found your product or service. And this type of hook is going to do two things. Number one, it's going to target the right users on meta ads who also had those same previous failed attempts. And the second thing, it's going to create a lot of trust with the customer because if they know the creator or the brand's investment, they actually inherently trust the product and service a lot more, especially if their journey is also mimicking this. Now, some of my best ad inspiration lately has not been coming from foreplay or the ads library, but instead has been coming from YouTube, specifically the title and thumbnail combination, as well as looking at what type of content is really picking up speed on Tik Tok shop. Those Tik Tok shop creators are crazy good at direct response marketing. These investment hooks are an absolute must test. I actually try them out almost every single time I'm onboarding a client because they have such a high hit rate. But this next hook that I'm going to show you guys has actually become the top performing and spending ad in several accounts recently. Candidly, I almost don't want to share it. And that is going to be the scam hook. Now, the word scam is probably one of the best visceral trigger words that you can use in your advertising today. It really stops you in your tracks for better or worse. And the reason why boils down to two key factors. Number one, you're going to be triggering loss aversion. Seeing the word scam generates these feelings that you're afraid of being cheated on or that you're being taken advantage of and our brain wants to resolve whether or not we're at risk. And number two, it also creates a great curiosity. So if you say, "I thought this was a scam," it creates this unresolved tension for the users and they can't help but figure out why it wasn't a scam. This is one of those hooks that is candidly so easy to test out that you could probably get your teams to do it tomorrow. just do an iteration on a top performing video. However, I'm going to be honest. None of these hooks in this video are really going to do anything unless you understand this next key point, which is the true hook structure. Your hook is actually these four things that are happening within the first 3 seconds of any piece of video content. Number one, the text overlay hook. Number two, the sound hook. Number three, the visual hook. And then number four is the vibe of the hook. Right? This is something that I actually learned from Callaway. So this is going to be the combination of the lighting, the text overlay, font choices, just like the overall vibe of it. Now, something that I will say is when we are talking about these hooks in general, we are talking about the verbal hooks or the text overlay hooks. Now, I've actually found that by changing the visual hook, this actually tends to have a bigger impact on performance than the text overlay hook or the verbal hook. Essentially, the best hooks show, they don't tell. So, I've partnered with Story Blocks to actually show you some of my favorite strategies for injecting those visual hooks that really get people to stop. And with these, you can instantly implement them without having to fumble through extra software. It is literally just as easy as signing up for Story Blocks and downloading the video clip. Number one, any type of drip content, especially if you can have the drip just like hanging on for dear life. And then the squeeze. Now, sometimes I actually like to speed this up and then also reverse it. And the third one is the abstract surreal art clips. I found that this is really good, especially if you're talking about something that's highly emotional. And then the last one are explosion clips. And I particularly like these fruit explosion clips. Now, what I will say is I've actually found that it's slightly better to use these explosion hooks after your initial first hook. So, something that we talked about in my previous video on hooks, the multiple hook is something that I see working really, really well. And a really cool way that you could do that is to choose one of the hooks from this video and then also pair it with an explosion hook. That tends to really keep people hanging on for the rest of that video. Storylocks has millions of instant video clips, images, and templates that don't feel like AI. And they are of course 100% legal for commercial use even in ads unlike some AI tools unfortunately. And candidly even if you get one winning ad the subscription is going to pay for itself multiple times over. To get unlimited downloads at one flat rate check out storyblocks.com/dora Denny. And this next hook is another one that I learned from YouTube. Again taking inspiration from titles and I have really been getting a lot of great inspiration from YouTube lately. Hint hint. And that is the give me time hooks. This one actually resulted in a top performer/spender for a brand recently. And I've seen it work pretty well across multiple industries. And essentially what you're doing here is you're asking for an upfront time commitment to either entertain or educate someone. And what I really love about these is that users tend to inherently commit a lot more time to these videos, which results in a lot higher hook and hold rates. And number five, POV, you hate X. Now, a really interesting statistic that I discovered was when I was analyzing all the top performing creative from all these ad accounts, something like 10 to 15% of all of them had the phrase POV in it. And because of this, now this is something that we're really starting to test. And almost every single round of initial video creative, we always make sure we have one of these POV ads in there essentially. And now pairing that with the word hate is also really smart because that is a really really powerful trigger word. But even a simple I hate XYZ has worked really well for a number of brands that I work with too. Which brings me to our next few hooks. These are actually going to be the best hooks that I've seen with both partnership ads as well as founders ads content because this is the type of content that I really see moving the needle across the board across all industries. Essentially, both of these strategies are must tests in the ad account, which is why I wanted to include them specifically. So, for founders content, I would make sure that you are always testing your round of founders content with these few hooks. Number one, explain why you built this company from the get. Again, this is very often going to show the multiple failed attempts that someone went through to eventually realize that they themselves needed to create this product, which is probably going to mimic a lot of your customer's journey. Another one is kind of controversial. I actually highly recommend that you always include a hook that has the founder introducing themselves and that they are the founder of the brand. This is one that actually I've heard a lot of marketing gurus say that you need to avoid because no one cares. But every time I end up testing this one, it often will become a top performer because again, I feel like initially it doesn't feel like an ad. It feels a lot more like that organic founder style content. And I've noticed especially in the US, we really champion entrepreneurs. They are like rock stars to us in many ways. Which is why when we see someone else on this entrepreneurial journey, we tend to listen in, especially if they're someone that is aspirational to us or someone who reminds us a little bit of ourselves. Another thing I'll say too is make sure that you have the name and that they're the founder in text overlay. This is something I've actually split test a lot and I find that it almost always outperforms not having it. Now, I do have an entire video that breaks down exactly how you can approach founders ads content even if you're not super comfortable on camera. I even give a full script that you can mad li that has resulted in tons of revenue for brands, even ones that are just starting off. So, be sure to take a look at that video. And next up, partnership ads. Now, partnership ads are my number one suggestion for brands this year to make sure that they really have on lock because this is the thing that is separating brands that are scaling and thriving with Meta and the ones that are playing it on hard mode. And the great thing is too is that you can do partnership ads for free. You can run it with your founders content. You can make your own publications. There are many different ways for you to utilize partnership ads, but it is imperative that you do so. However, if you want to start investing in creator content, which ultimately should be your goal in the long term, these are the type of hooks that I see work really, really well. And the first one is actually inaction hooks. So, if you're working with a creator, be sure to put them in the action of their everyday. So, have them doing an activity, have them getting in the car. What I've really noticed is that it doesn't signal an ad if you have them making similar to their organic style content. And this is a really great way to have your product or service fit in a little bit more seamlessly to their everyday, which will make it a much better partnership than them just doing an ad read. And number eight is the emotional hook. I was going to try and cry for this one, but I just I just don't have it in me. I'm sorry. Now, these ads really work because they create a huge emotional cliffhanger. Candidly, strong reactions from others tend to result in a really strong reaction to another person, which will often hook people into watching your video because they want to figure out what's going on. So things like people are mad at me because or why did I start crying when these are actually really big trends that I saw on organic social that have translated really well to creative that converts on meta. And hook number nine is the why did no one tell me hook. Now this hook creates cognitive dissonance and is essentially suggesting or implying that the audience also might be being misled by something. So of course this gap forces our brains to lock in so that we can resolve that tension. Another thing too is this also positions the creator as the authority. So again if you have found that authority angles work really well in your ad account but you can't always work with you know a big creator or influencer or professional. Even working with a creator that says a hook like this can often be just as impactful. These really feel like you're accessing insider knowledge. And number 10 is the if you hook. Essentially, this is going to shortcut your targeting on meta because it's triggering the tribal identity. Right? If you're saying if you're over 40 or if you're someone who hates, it instantly makes people self- select into a group. I would try doing this in terms of demographic angles as well as those from more of a problem solution orientation. And that's it. I am super curious to hear which hooks you guys are going to try out next. And if you guys end up testing any of these, let me know. My food's here. I got to go. Love you.

  Top Comments:
  1. @DaraDenney [33 likes]: Tell me your brand and I will make a hook for you if you're sub'd :)
  2. @world_of_finance_ai: fantastic video
  3. @alexanderfallaria5657: Hey Dara, I was just wondering if you already work with a video editor.
If not, I’d be stoked to collab and cook up something cool with you.
What do you think?
  4. @JeremyZuzek: here after meta stopped letting me do the "wave" HEY (target Market) ad coppys i stole off you for 12 months and made crazy money <3
  5. @WorkModedtc: toop dara
  6. @aneb3389: active in spanish please!
  7. @samcdb: fire
  8. @coach_frankbielefeld: What is the best Hook for an Business Coach for an META Ad?   Thanks
  9. @MaroArmoni: You’re the hooks Queen 👑
  10. @LiliBalfour: I like when brands show the founders. You can relate to their story and it makes you want to root for them.
  11. @giordanomad2: Great video
  12. @SergioTrujillo11: Glad I found you. Love your stuff. Nicely distinct from the meta and digital bros shouting at me on YT! :)
  13. @iambobjchina: It's truly helpful for DTC seller
  14. @convertandscale: Ahhh I just spotted myself at 10:24, thank you for featuring me!! 🤩
  15. @ugcbycarli: Our ads were rejected when we said, “I thought this was a scam.” Maybe because the topic is finance?
  16. @lanzosydney: @dara I'm working with a longevity powder supplement. What hook would you come up with ?:)

Also, where can I find those TikTok shop creators and look at their content?!
  17. @Zonadeing: I clicked but your tone its very annoying. Didn’t last 2 min
  18. @ZaidMirza-me5tq: Hey Dara, 
I noticed some improvements that can be made in this video to make it more understanble with story telling visuals. Do you wanna hear how your content can be improved so much and how to use this content for more growth?
  19. @Nick_Dara_Alex_Barry_uglyAds: I love breaking down hooks using the marketing basics from the Breakthrough Advertising book. 

it's an excerice I do sometimes when I see an ad that's actually working.

Here is the breakdown of this Ad


Mass Market Desire

it’s all about that core desire to look good, like wanting to ‘melt my FUPA.’ It’s tapping into that universal feeling of wanting to feel confident and happy with your body again.


Awareness Levels:

Strongest Appeal (Solution Aware):

This one’s for women who already know their struggle, menopause weight or that stubborn FUPA, and have tried stuff like supplements. 

The ad points out how frustrating it is to drop $874 on supplements that don’t work, then teases ‘THIS’ as the new, actually effective solution.

Problem Aware:

It calls out the pain points straight up, ‘Menopause’ and ‘FUPA’. and uses that big number ($874) to really hit home how annoying and urgent the problem is.


Sophistication Level:

Not Level 2: Goes beyond simple promises. it builds emotional tension with wasted money and failed attempts.

Closer to Level 3:

Audience is skeptical and jaded.

The hook contrasts failed “old mechanism” (supplements) with an implied new mechanism (the mysterious “THIS”).

This reframing positions the ad as a fresh, superior solution that cuts through doubt.

Persona:

this ad is talking to women dealing with menopause weight (like FUPA).
  20. @Omkarsingh95: Boring ads + good copywriting, always converts

- I Studied 100 Viral Hooks, These 6 Will Make You Go Viral: Kind: captions Language: en the biggest difference between winning and losing on social media is the hook this is the 8020 of video if you want your videos to perform better you need to focus on leveling up your hooks now I've studied thousands of videos and it turns out all of the best performers only use six different hook formats if you know these six you're set so in this video I'm going to break all that down first we're going to walk through all six hook formats with examples and then I'm going to give you a full playbook for how to actually write winning hooks on your own I guarantee this this will be the best video on hooks you ever watch and I know this works because I've done billions of views myself using these exact same methods all right now first before anything else we need to understand the psychology behind how hooks work this is super important hooks are designed for one reason to create a curiosity Loop think of it like a rabbit hole in the viewer's brain we need to get them curious enough about the topic that they couldn't dream of doing anything else other than watching our video now the best way to create that Curiosity Loop is with contrast the viewer starts the video believing one thing and then we introduce an alternative in the hook they believe a we show them B and the distance between A and B is contrast the bigger the contrast the more the Curiosity and the deeper the hook it really is as simple as that but the hard part is you only have 5 Seconds to make it stick so each of these six hook formats are specifically designed to create that contrast and build the Curiosity Loop all right now the first hook format is called the fortune teller and it's all about positioning the the present against the future the Creator is using some scenario or question to build curiosity about how the future might change so this could mean saying something like that new microwave is going to change cooking forever or that little blue light is going to impact traffic moving forward here are a couple other examples of the fortun teller hook in action we're witnessing one of the largest breakthroughs in marketing this is the future of animation and this fortune teller hook format Works super well because the human brain is designed to constantly think about the future so it's playing into that so the Tactical steps for using this hook format would be a establish what the current reality is B figure out how the future might change based on the video subject and C frame a question or statement teasing that new future as a possibility and this format is great for breaking news product Innovations really anybody that's trying to build Authority or interest around knowing the future of some topic and again I'm going through all six of these base formats first so we can build that Baseline before going deeper tactically into how to actually write the hooks and I'll go through that in a minute okay now the second hook format is called the experimentor and this one is all about the Creator showcasing how something works using a demo or experiment and specifically this is angled as peer-to-peer it's one friend showing another what they learned or came across so the contrast that's being built is coming from I used to do something this way I figured out some method or format let me show you how now I'm doing this thing this way and here are a couple examples of the experiment format in action does anything look weird about this shot to you I actually don't have have a camera in my hands I'm recording with these glasses on my face these are the rayan meta smart glasses and they're about to change the way that we create this right here is the brand new cha gbt agent that literally controls your browser and does tasks for you and this is an 11-step process and we're going to see if it does it now I especially love the Colin and Samir one because Samir is actually showing how the glasses work in the hook as well he doesn't have to use the hook to Tee It Up in the future because the glasses camera is the subject itself and that video did 50 million views for a reason and a lot of Mr Beast videos fall into this hook category as well he doesn't always explicitly explain them as experiments but he's basically doing human experiments and then letting you watch in real time to see what happens so the Tactical steps for using the experiment hook framework are to a establish the base pain point that needs solving B show that you solved the paino or tried some new method or tool with an experiment and then C walk through why that new experiment or solve is different and help solve the paino better and this format is great for product demos new Frameworks it's also great for B2B trying to Showcase how your tool or product works this is also the same hook framework where those people that make the elaborate outdoor structures camping or building a log cabin by hand this the same format they're using as well and before we keep going if you like the way I break this content stuff down using the metaphors and the names to make it a little bit easier I actually did the exact same thing around virality how does virality work breaking into a formula you can actually grabb that it's a free 5-day email course called The virality Blueprint explains Concepts like this but in way more depth you can grab that there's a link below or go to virality blueprint.com and you can sign up all right let's keep going now the third hook format is called the teacher and this one is similar to the experimenter except that instead of going peerto peer it's going more teacher to student and instead of showing things with a live experiment it's more showing them by Framing a lesson so it's kind of like I'm the teacher of this topic I just saw somebody who solved X with Y method let me break that down and explain to you how they did it again the contrast is coming from you're failing at this thing I found a new way to do it let me explain how to do it so that you can start winning and here's a few examples of the teacher format in action three things you can learn from aritzia here's how I got this shot I made this Ecom brand a million dollar in 12 hours using something called the product drop method and again these are all teaching setups so it's either the Creator tried something and extracted the lessons and is now teaching it not like experiment but teaching the methods or they studied someone else who solved that thing and then is now teaching those lessons back either way it's show by teaching and so the Tactical steps for using this one would be a establish the base paino B show that you have a solve through some set of learnings or method and then see walk them through why the process or steps worked because of your solve and this format is super good for anybody who's trying to build Authority in the category or become an expert to then sell that expertise okay now the fourth hook framework is a little bit different than the other five it's called the magician and it can be used as a precursor or in combination with the rest of them now the magician is basically a stun gun it's strategically using visuals and or language like hey look at that to visually Force the viewer's attention to a specific thing in the visual and it's usually something outlandish or just rhythmic and Visually Pops to stop the scroll now there are a ton of amazing examples of people who do this China CH what's up mttv chis yo check this out so president Trump just ordered the Resurgence of a 1980s plan for nuclear war in space let me explain so this can either be executed with some visual stun tactic like what Carl Shakur uses the kind of snap click or it could be the spoken words themselves like look at that crazy thing and really forcing the attention my favorite example of this is the neon sign guy who starts out as Trump with the wig makes a joke in the voice and then throws the wig off and immediately starts talking about the neon signs I've been using this on my own videos for the last 30 or so where I start all the videos saying check this out really quick and I roll into the first line with it check us out this check out this check out this check out this it just gives that kind of unique signature pattern that people recognize audibly when they hear it another great way to achieve the magician is with something called a visual pacifier now this is an activity that the subject is doing passively which holds just enough of your subconscious attention to let you focus on the thing this could either be like Alex Earl doing her makeup or this guy in this example stacking the cups it's the same psychological reason why people make those GTA Gam gameplay videos the split screen and you see the car driving through the course on one end and then the clip on the other it holds just enough subconscious attention to get you to focus and not churn on the main thing and I say this format is different because you can combine the magician with any of the other five a lot of people stack them so they use the magician immediately as a visual stun gun and then layer on one of the other five below so tactically to do this you either want to find some visual some sound or some signature thing that you can tie to your videos to kind of stun that's atypical and stops that scroll all right now the fifth hook format is called the investigator and this one is super common with this format you're basically trying to create contrast against some unknown secret or some finding that you found in your research that nobody knows about so the contrast is today you don't know the thing I show you the thing now you know the thing very simple almost all of my personal short form videos fall into this category it's kind of unearthing some tech or AI thing about the future potentially that people don't know about and there's a ton of amazing examples showcasing this format as well so this is one of the sneakier marketing campaigns I've seen Central sees brand sells out in seconds and what's crazy is that it's not just because he's a rapper Che out this is a secret Japanese City built at the base of Mount Fuji but it's not just any City so the Tactical steps if you want to use the investigator would be to tee up the fact that there is some secret that they don't know and then frame it against their current reality which is not knowing and the communicated contrast in this one is pretty straightforward because the base cases they don't know and then you tell them something they know some of these don't have to be super cheeky they could be pretty straightforward but inherently they'll still grab and create that interest this format is great for people to use who are trying to be at the Leading Edge of their field or showcase that in a research capacity they're finding the Deep insights that most people don't know okay and the sixth and final hook format is called the contrarian and this one is actually the easiest to understand where exactly the contrast sits the contrarian hook literally has the Creator come out specifically and say what they believe about the topic that is different than the conventional wisdom and the difference between this one and some of the others is that a few of the s kind of slightly try to hide that contrast in the framing whereas this one immediately you come straight out and just say you're doing your branding wrong you should be doing it this way it's very direct here are a few examples of the contrarian in practice so I think this is probably the most important thing that you need to be doing if you run a brand that you are probably not doing and this is having one-on-one conversations with your customers you have no creative ideas because your space sucks to live in this guy is a multi-millionaire from his clothing brand and the weird thing is they're best sellers are almost never in stock NOW of the six hook formats this one is the most direct at creating that contrast and it's really easy the Tactical steps would be figure out what you believe that most people don't believe and then say it explicitly this is great for the smarty pants expert use case or somebody that's trying to frame thems as a contrarian in a crowded space okay so there we have it those are the six hook archetypes the fortune teller the experimentor the teacher the magician the investigator and the contrarian now I'm going to tell you a secret you don't actually have to to figure out which one of the six works for your video because the truth is every single video idea could be manipulated to use any of the six hook formats for example let's say I made videos reviewing backpacks and this new interesting backpack just came out that I wanted to make a video about how would I go about using all six of these in different ways so for the fortune teller I may say something like this backpack is going to completely change the way Millennials travel for the experimenter I might say I just took this backpack 7,000 Mi across the world but it has three major design flaws for the teacher I may say something like if you're traveling internationally this summer this is the best way to pack your backpack for the magician I may do a rapid match cut with a bunch of different backpacks to visually stun them and then with the voiceover saying which of these backpacks is the best for a guy in their 20s for the investigator I may say something like I can't believe this company isn't marketing this one flaw in their bag and then for the contrarian I may say something like everybody loves this bag but if you use it every day it is so overhyped and see so you can pick any of those hooks directions with every single video topic and so the real question is how do you decide if you're staring at the blank page and you're trying to write a hook which of these is the best one for you in any given scenario and this really gets into the second part of the video which is tactically how do you actually write a banger hook that crushes every single time cuz that's where the sauce really lies so let's walk through that I'm going to break the whole thing down right now all hooks are made up of four components the spoken hook which is what you say the visual hook which is what you show on the screen the text hook which is what you write in text on the screen and then the audio hook which is the sound and sound effects that you play in the background and this is the big secret right here the difference between 500 and 500,000 views is unlocking Max alignment between those four things so if you say one thing verbally but then the visual even slightly different that creates misalignment and then the hook is not as effective to nail the hook you need all four of these things to line up perfectly and the reason this matters is because because of comprehension comprehension is the degree to which the viewer actually understands what they're seeing and hearing you can't hook them unless they fully understand and are interested in what they're watching if your verbal spoken Hook is different from your visual hook which is different from the music in your audio hook well that leads to confusion and confusion leads to comprehension loss which just makes it harder for the viewer to stick with the hook the way to drive Max comprehension is to make sure the visual and audio hooks are aligned and so how do you do this the way you do this is to understand exactly how the viewer takes in the video when they're watching and this gets to the Deep psychology which is my favorite thing to do imagine a subconscious heat map when somebody's watching the video where are they actually focusing their attention I'm going to tell you this is what all viewers do the first thing they do is they take in the visual and text hook they see the visual they may read the text hook if it's obvious enough in the right place and then their ears catch up and they hear the spoken hook after and after they hear what you're saying they look back at the visual and they're seeking visual confirmation with what they heard so it's visual audio visual that sandwich is how people actually take in videos at the subconscious level now why is this the case well the reason is our eyes process 10 to 100 times more information per second than our ears and this is essentially the speed of light vers speed of sound phenomenon so the viewer is seeing first then hearing and then looking back at the visual to match what they heard okay so tactically tying all this together what does this actually mean and why did I spend so much time going through those six hook archetypes what this means is that the most important part of getting the hook to actually perform well is the visual it's not what you say it's the visual I call this the key visual so when you first have your video idea the very first thing you should do is figure out what visual or visuals you have at your disposal that you could actually slot into the first 3 to 5 seconds and based on that key visual you then need to decide which of the six hook archetypes will create the most contrast and perfectly aligned with what that visual shows knowing the visual lets you set up the speech to then set back up to the visual this is the golden approach to hooks that nobody talks about at this level all right so now I'm going to say it again one more time but more organized so the very first step is you need to look at what visuals do you have the better the visual the more you can lean on the visual and the easier it will be to set up the contrast back to the visual if you don't have a good visual you need to really think should I make this video and if you do want to make it how are you going to manufacture the key visual with Motion Graphics or some stock footage to create this interesting thing to look at step two is that once you have the visual you need to think about what are the most interesting fact sets or angles things about the story that you have to work with and based on those what has the biggest contrast whichever one has the biggest contrast will inform which of the six hook archetypes that you actually use step three is that I would then write the spoken hook this is going to be two to four lines and it's going to follow the context lean contrast and contrarian Snapback approach that I detailed in my other Hook video I'll link that here step four is then what text can I put on screen overlaying the video to support that initial Visual and the reconfirmation of the visual after someone hears the speech and then step five I'm going to watch it back and gut check with myself does this achieve Max comprehension if the viewer goes visual speech visual are they very clear on what I'm talking about in this video and does that align with where I think the rest of the video will go if not I will stop not move forward and rework the hook that is how important it is all right now really quick I just want to walk through a couple examples of my own content to illustrate what I mean by good and bad hooks we're going to show one of each the first one is an example of a perfect hook this video is about life-size floor plans which is this really cool projected home floor plans in a warehouse this video did 15 million views so the first thing I want you to do is watch this video with no sound we're going to turn the sound off just watch the hook visually and I want you to think where do your eyes go what do you notice and what do you see so we're going to play that right now all right now the first place your eyes probably go is that sliding text that comes across that says the future of Home Design This first clip with a split screen you don't actually see that well the girl with the arms going up that was more just a visual stun gun the actual hero visual the key visual that I saw in the idea that I knew I was going to build the whole video around was the next visual in the full screen with the people walking on top of the floor plans what I did is I put text that said life-size floor plans with an arrow enhancing the fact that your visual eyeline went directly to that thing I wanted to make sure you saw that and so this was the visual shocker right there's embedded contrast here most people have never seen this before so the fact that it existed on its own created a large contrast I knew that visual was a great key visual to build off of okay so the next thing is I had actually pick which of the hook formats that I want to go with and then how would I actually write the hook itself so when I looked at the formats there were two that made sense one was the fortune teller this is the future of Home Design and the second one was The Secret Keeper I found this secret about how people are designing homes that nobody knew they're close to the same but slightly different I went with the fortune teller one because which is easier to explain and creates more of a shock this is what the future of Home Design will look like right so that's what I picked and then step three was I had to actually write the hook so context lean contrast contrarian take so I literally said check this out that was my magician scroll stop thing and then I said these are life-size floor plant you can literally walk through your exact Home Design before you build it right so that's context lean that is me literally describing exactly what you're seeing that is perfect alignment with showing the visual and saying the thing then for this one I didn't actually need a contrasting word I didn't need to say but here's what's crazy because the fact that it existed on its own was already contrast enough so my contrarian take which maps to the Future hook fortune teller was I think this is the future of how people are going to design their homes right so it's exactly what I'm saying I picked the fortune teller I talked about the future I set up the context lean what you're seeing with pure Al alignment and then I framed this is the future of how people are going to design their homes that is tailor made how you build the hook with pure alignment and this one worked 15 million views now before we end the video Let's quickly go through one bad example where I made a video but it didn't work out that well it got maybe 100,000 views or less and the hook was just executed super poorly so I want to explain what went wrong and what I should have done looking back okay so the same thing here I want you to watch this video without sound just watch the first 15 seconds and tell me where you focus your attention [Music] right away you see the tech sliding across again future of Storytelling and then you see a bunch of these rooms kind of like magically appearing out of nowhere just that alone is kind of misaligned future of Storytelling is a bit of an abstract concept and so visualizing that with those rooms does that really mean future of Storytelling not really so already just in the visual and with the text there is comprehension lost then when you turn the sound on it gets even more confusing so I say this is the future of Storytelling it's called a generative World model it lets you turn a single image into a photorealistic cinematic World okay so if you really take that down future of Storytelling it's so abstract it's like what do you even show for that maybe it's a book with a video or a robot coming out of it maybe I could have used that the problem is nobody knows what generative World model is nobody knows what photorealistic world so I use these crazy terms that I didn't have good visuals to show and you can tell immediately it's just a little confusing it's not as straightforward as the life-size floor plans one and so when you watch this yeah maybe you're like oh those are cool visuals but you're not actually hearing what I'm saying when you don't hear what I'm saying you have comprehension loss when you have comprehension loss you're not purely tied and aligned with the video and so looking back maybe what I should have done has gone more explicit so these rooms are the future of commercials and if I had visuals of guys actually using those rooms to film commercials and I could show that perspective maybe that would have worked the truth is this video didn't have great b-roll that was easy to explain so what I should have done is probably canned the idea not made it in general and that's really what you need to decide when you're going through this process what is the visual what is the hook format writing the hook is there Clarity and Alignment if there isn't you probably should throw out the video because there's always more ideas that you could make so that's really the process in a nutshell you have to have that Clarity and if you don't that's the difference between 10,000 views and 10 million views and look the reason that I can go so deep and I'm so nerdy on this stuff is because I live and breathe this content stuff all day long and I'm making this channel because I'm trying to show my experiments and show my work to help other people grow with content but look if you don't want to have to worry about which hook format to use and how to exactly write it you don't want to take 60 minutes a day making videos that's completely fine I built sand castles which is a software to infuse all of these learnings and formulas and formats into it so all you have to do is put your video in and we'll do it for you we go through the full diagnostic to figure out what is the right hook formula how should we frame it where is the best contrast it's all automatic so if you want to try that out sandcastles a have a free trial for you below that's the easiest way that you can close the gap on this without having to do all the work and guys if you like how I think about this stuff there is a ton more for free in the description I have a free contact Community called wavy world with over 13,000 people that are learning the advanced psychology behind this stuff there's a free invite for you below make sure to grab that and keep me posted on what you guys want next keep the shares coming keep the comments coming until then we'll see you guys on the next one peace

  Top Comments:
  1. @kallawaymarketing [27 likes]: Get my free guide on how to make viral videos (1M+ followers, 1B+ views): https://viralityblueprint.com
Try my AI scriptwriting tool (idea to script in 60 seconds): https://sandcastles.ai
  2. @ryanthecoach [1 likes]: seriously? your "free guide" takes DAYS to come but... didn't ever come?!?!! Just a dozen marketing emails.
  3. @ignaciogutierreznabias: You are really good explaining thks for this!
  4. @Studio81000: Lets go viral baby!
  5. @FinanzasAztecas: I love your content, you bring so much value! But you speak so fast my brain doesnt have enough time to associate and process all. I feel like i miss stuff, so i always end up leaving your videos around half of it
  6. @EverythingAinowllc: This video is awesome
  7. @htdstf: Bro please this video please auto translate with Hindi start please enable the setting
  8. @DreamNestBedtime: https://youtu.be/W1-OicF3MaI?feature=shared
  9. @LifeGrazfully: Thank you sir. I was doing a bunch of nonsense on my page.
  10. @benjimeko: it helps kall thank you
  11. @shubniggurath47: The best video on this topic so far!
  12. @finessingtheindustry: Best videos out ..great content
  13. @Ojan_Cuan: You're Genius
  14. @ramgautamvlog: Thank you very much 🎉🎉🙏🙏
  15. @ayamoormusic: This is a lot of fascinating info. What if you’re an artist trying to gain a following?
  16. @TheWhisperingPoet: This video is visually so good that it seems AI.
  17. @duttslab: Awesome insight
  18. @thecatplayer9684: 15:26 i don't see the link anywhere
  19. @life_force_health: You're a gangster dude. Very much appreciating your stuff.
  20. @NitishRathoresVlog: Mind Blowing !!! 🇮🇳

- 5 Common Lead Hook Mistakes: Get More Knockouts!: Kind: captions Language: en what's going on guys Shane here today we're going to be talking about five common mistakes with the lead hook for most people it's going to be the left hand if you're an orthodox fighter if you're Southall it's going to be the right hand all the same tips still apply so let's first talk about how to do it correctly when you teach a beginner coaches will tell you that you want to Pivot on the Lead Foot however that is just a cue to remember to turn the hip over it's not an arm punch when I throw the left hook it's like this okay but everything turns into it everything on my lead side in this case my left side so I pivot on my Lead Foot turn my knee over which turns my hip over now the rest of my body has to catch up rest of my upper half of my body and I assist with a little shoulder pop there is some shoulder pop in this punch but like I said I get a lot of comments on my video saying Shane you throw the left hook wrong because you don't pivot on the Lead Foot again it's just a cue to remind you to turn it over you can still throw it without pivoting right sometimes even I'll pivot on the rear foot or I'll step into it okay it's the same thing with the cross if I don't pivot on the rear foot that's fine a lot of the times I Ste into it and then the pivot happens midair okay so when you throw it your arm for the most part is going to be 90° bent we're going to talk about the first mistake and ways that you can do it correctly to extend your arm but just as a beginner 90° bent and everything rotates at the same time opposite hand is up okay so a full hook looks like this again okay first mistake it is generally a short- range punch but most people throw it like a looping hook and they throw it in correctly so rule of thumb when I'm throwing my left hook in tight then I go Palm in let me take my glove off and show you why so for safety reasons for me so I protect my hands but also so I do the most damage close range I'm going cm in so that I hit with the four Knuckles on the back okay or my opponent's head if I go a little bit longer and I keep my hand like that I'm going to hit with this part of my knuckle or my thumb don't want to hurt my hands and I want to do the most damage so what I'm going to do is I'm going to rotate my hand now I'm hitting with the index finger the middle finger if I'm going even longer if I do that I may hit with my thumb again or the inside of my hand I don't want that I want to hit with the knuckles so I'll go Palm out think feder amelan enko would do this a lot when he threw his his hooks it'd be Palm out and he would hit with all four Knuckles on his opponent's face okay so that's a number one is if you're throwing it from too far away make sure you know how to do it correctly otherwise keep it a short range punch the next one is dropping the opposite hand I see this in professional level a lot we see a lot of double Knockouts because both guys are in hooking range and they do this they both get hit okay so get in the habit of gluing the oppsite hand to your head you can still pull your shoulder back when you do it but don't drop the hand okay all the time so even in your third round fourth round fifth round you're tired boom still GL this to your head the next one is people tend to slap and it's sort of the basis of the punch you just need to add some structure to it so it's again if you're slapping you a good slap it makes that no noise that real loud smacking noise on the bag try not to get addicted to that a lot of people do that they hit with the wrong part of the glove and they reach all the way out here I'm exposed all right I'm probably going to get caught by the time I land the punch so keep it nice and tight nice uh good form the whole time so try to release at the last second I rotate rotate rotate then I let my arm go boom this way I'm not all the way out here and exposing my face that's number three you also want to make sure when you're throwing uh the lead hook is that you're not extending your your arm through a lot of people get in the haboc because they learn the jab they learn the cross and then they want to do this on the hook you never extend your arm you keep it bent like you said in the beginning okay so when I throw my punch it's not this because once I hit my opponent's chin that's great I need to get back to guard why am I wasting all my time why am I exposing my face so it should be right back it's rotation in the hip I hit the target I miss either way I'm coming right back here and then the final one one is over rotation people get addicted to power so they go like this they rotate all the way over here they turn away from the Target and then they want this big punch like that okay it is easier especially for beginners to throw a right hand because I got my hips loaded up and then to come back with a left hook but you don't have to go any more than that I'm not throwing the right hand and twisting all the way over here and then twisting into it you don't have to do that okay so try to get in the habit again it's going to feel awkward it's feel like there's no power in it at first but you should be able to throw it right from your normal stance and get enough power into it all right guys thanks for watching if you want to read the full article or drills that you can do to perfect the hook so you can knock people out with it links in the description below until next time I'm Shane and this is Sully what what do you want to say self-defense for The Underdogs see you guys [Music] later

  Top Comments:
  1. @sagarchawla4892: Amazing video , how distance explained
  2. @Brunnson: I don’t necessarily agree. It’s more about wingspan. Israel has short T-Rex arms. Me building my biceps and triceps has surely made me more aesthetic
  3. @anthonycenen9883: Does the dog also know boxing?
  4. @skylazart: Thank you for sharing... very helpful information indeed 👍🏽
  5. @JamesJos-g2b: What about body hooks ? Is it required to bend your Knies? A tutorial video will be helpful ❤ from Germany
  6. @jackins2000: I think that the camera man should be replaced because of not showing the real issue of the video: the ball! The ball is the enemy! We gotta focus on the ball fighter! 👆 😂
  7. @jackins2000: There were fight tips in this video? All I see is Husky master fighting a ball and a guy in a great shape. But still: Husky!
But of course: Regards to Shane.
  8. @gsp_admirador: Thank you
  9. @OdysseyHome-Gaming: Hooman. Ball rolled near foot. You could trip. Warning woofs sounded.
  10. @Sheahova: The dog was like yeah what if I bite your ankles dog
  11. @maximisatwat: 1:18 Out of interest, your guard hand flies away when you hook if you look, so you are unguarded briefly
An exp'd opponent will time to get you right at the moment when that happens

You solve it by just intending the hand to be there more and making slightly more than just purely "relaxed" for the guard.  I guess you dont have a coach, because they would correct this
  12. @phantompigeon9651: Dog is acting just like mine when I'm on the bag 😄
  13. @varinders016: I know it's been 8 years but does anyone has that article that he mentioned. Link in the description seems expired.
  14. @AlaHaouichi: I cant find the link to read the article !!
  15. @lll.br4nd0n: Love how to dog is mewing just incase it gets punched in the jaw.
  16. @ovidiu_stan: Too bad the website is no longer
  17. @frank.m8447: That dogs going to town
  18. @greghansen38: Doggy! Wait... was Shane saying something?
  19. @ericlewithonee: Thank you, I’ve been struggling with a sore thumb and you’re the only person to address this
  20. @adler_xyz: Hi the link does not work. But this is helpful to know

- Get Knockout Power in your LEAD HOOK Instantly: Kind: captions Language: en if you want to get crazy power in your lead hook like this right here or even this right here watch this video because I'm going to give you four tips to be able to increase the power on your lead hook no matter who you are and what weight you are not so at the end of the video I'm going to show you how to land the lead hook give you a combination of practice on the bag so every time you throw it you landed after all what would be the point in having a powerful lead hook if you can't land it okay let's talk about the first tip and with this I'm going to show you the way Mike Tyson used to do it and the way that I think you should do it because guess what you're not Mike Tyson I'm not Mike Tyson so I wouldn't do it that way and Mike Tyson used to really step and kind of jump to get that power in the lead hook just like this here and people used to think he used to do that like little jump because his opponents were bigger which I guess because he has got to go up and travel to land that punch but as well he's generating that rear transfer with the steps and it used to sometimes he would step step and he'd be stepping and moving we've all seen Mike Tyson moving like this a bit faster a bit better than what I'm doing right now but when he's stepping he's transferring the weight then once the weight's on that front foot there that's when he will fire up and fire that way back to the back foot and that will really help generate the power so it was like a step step and you've seen crazy power now one thing that will work for you that works for me is stepping with the front foot and punching at the same time and it looks like this now as you can see there that's lots of power because I'm getting a ton of my weight behind the punch now one thing you want to be aware of when you are stepping through the hook is that you miss you don't want to miss because you might look a bit silly and we don't want to look silly we want to look good and when you practice on the heavy bag you'd have to pass for power every time you can practice on Landing that front foot and that punch at the same time so start off softly just there one two no I'm getting the hang of that now I can do is really whip that power in now moving on to tip number two which you might have noticed I did there is I exhale when I throw the punch now why am I excellent well it's because I'm still relaxed often people try and throw that big Power Punch and they'll be holding the breath you want to relax the full shoulders relax the body relax the hips relax the arms the only thing that's going to be tight is when you throw the punches you fist in your lead hand so I'm here everything's relaxed tight fist there there and I'm exhaling the exhaling as our punch is helping me steer relax now moving on to number three is turning your hip this is another way to transfer the weight now you're not going to get as much weight as by with a big step and turn it into it but you are going to get some serious power because if you think if I'm up close to an opponent here I can't really step and get that power into the punch but what I can do is turn the hip and as I turn the hip I'm turning the front foot and in slow motion when I do it I'm transferring the weight to my back foot there so here 50 50 there the way it comes to the back foot and I'd bring my heel off the ground now there's a lot of people out there might be raging right now Tony you don't have to bring your heel off the ground money doesn't bring his heat off the ground Oscar De La Hoya didn't bring his head off the ground I hear it all the time when I see this and I understand I get it I don't have to bring my heel off the ground to get power in the hook still getting power there but when I do bring my heat off the ground I'm going to get an extra bit rotation and guess what with that extra bit rotation what comes an extra little bit of power now again you don't have to do it but I would always practice this now move on tip number four is send the punch up now you can set the punch up with either a cross because if you think about it if I throw that cross now I've got sixty percent of the weight on my front leg here now what I'm going to do I'm going to bring that cross back down my face and throw that hook now this wear transfer gets even more power into the punch so I'm there 60 on the front foot then when I bring my weight back I'm whipping the hip around and that right there is getting more power into the punch by getting in the position to throw the hook it doesn't have to be a cross I could it could be a slip I've slipped the weights on the front foot right here back heels off the ground I'm going to drop that back heel bring the front heel off the ground and throw the hook at the same time and that right there will get so much power in the punch so now I'm going to give you real combination that you can practice on the heavy bag to have success Landing this punch but first watch this because this is the sponsor of today's video that you will love and that is about honored on it is a supplement company that I absolutely love I take these supplements daily for post workout for pre-workout for help with endurance for my daily vitamins everything on honor website is absolutely amazing it's a legit there's so much BS out there but this is great good honor.com forward slash boxing and you get 10 off everything that will help you with your training help you take your game to the next level click the link below and check it out so this combination is tricking your opponent what I'm going to do I'm going to throw a jab right hand of the body now think about this if you're in front of me I'll throw a job I'll throw a right hand of the body and as long as you're not stepping back how are you going to defend it generally you'll defend it with your hands we'll block one like this block enough for the poly shot you're blocking you're blocking so what I'm going to do I'm going to jab through it across the body you've blocked job fall across the body you've blocked this time a job feeling the cross to the body as I'm fainting I'm bringing the weight to my thumb foot and then from there whoop whipping in that big left hook as your hands come down and it will look like this job the head right on the body setting them up setting them up I'm being one step ahead right now setting them up again now he thinks I'm going to throw that jab the head right on the body I'm going to feel that right hand the body and throw that hook as these hands come down so I'm here oh look at that a great combination for you to practice but it's very important that that feeling that you're through the body is very realistic and I've created a full video for you right here telling you exactly how the faint when you're throwing point just click here and watch this video next on how to faint

  Top Comments:
  1. @Tony_Jeffries [15 likes]: Do you have any questions or have any video requests? Let me know👇👇
Watch next: How to Trick Opponents with these Boxing Feints
https://youtu.be/ZEqoPU7cYqI
  2. @Turquoise1971 [1 likes]: Get the damn commercial off the screen. Can't even see the video
  3. @nealdmorse [1 likes]: Dramatic difference immediately,, thank you very much
  4. @Miamibound [1 likes]: Best boxing influence on YouTube, love his work, huge inspiration to me and my friends  💯☝🏼
  5. @flamedash2837 [1 likes]: Can't believe people really arguing with a literal Olympic champion🤣😂
  6. @petermarchi1935: lifting the heal is a force multiplier!!!
  7. @Markymark-qc9bj: anyone here preparing for thrill of the fight 2?
  8. @markmitchell385: Tony great stuff
  9. @clempat4: How do I sign up for your classes? I live outside of the UK.
  10. @rahmatumussavi01: ❤❤❤🎉🎉🎉
  11. @rahmatumussavi01: ❤❤❤
  12. @JermGuy267: Just don't be Ryan Garcia and whip your right hand to the hip lol.
  13. @Gelu345: Please make a video with fists without gloves for hooks
  14. @terminator4974: Imagine you do all this. How to increase power even more? Just ram it on the heavy bag for 10 rounds a day?
  15. @tinmaridaboh1675: I really wanna have my footwork perfect
  16. @KaGeeSandamukal: I consider you my boxing coach Tony 😬 I'm signed up in a gym with a boxing room but there are no coaches so I learn from your videos and I also film myself so I can see my form.
  17. @turbobladee: Thanks for the help. But how can I hit faster?
  18. @mattshed5977: Just subscribed mate , quality videos . Don't know anything about boxing training , combinations etc but I think even I could throw these haha keep it up pal
  19. @brianmurphy6760: Tony, I love your videos, and have learned very much from them. I am wanting to start using ONNIT products, because I trust it if you are endorsing it. I am not into a lot of supplements, and wasn't when I was competing in the amateur ranks. Now I am 45, and think it is a good time to start. Could you please tell me what I should get for daily, and pre-workout, post, and focus. Please just list them in order. I train 6 days a week if that helps. I would really appreciate the pointers, and any feedback you can offer. Thank you.
  20. @acromannn: Hi guys i am sharing motivation short videos for athletes wanna join? 💪🏽👊🏾

- Tiny Experiments: How to Learn, Grow, and Navigate Uncertainty — Anne-Laure Le Cunff: Kind: captions Language: en and Laura, welcome to the show. Great to have you here. >> Thanks so much for having me. >> Can you tell me about the illusion of clarity? >> So, the illusion of clarity is something we have all experienced even though you might not have heard the term. It's really when we think we understand something clearly, but when comes the time to actually explain it to someone, we realize that there are a lot of gaps in our knowledge. And it's only when we sit down to either communicate that idea to someone in a conversation or maybe writing about it or maybe trying to give a presentation about it that we realize that that thing we thought we understood deeply we don't understand as well as we thought. >> It's such an interesting phenomenon. And what can we do to reduce the illusion and increase our real clarity? Well, I mean just putting yourself in situations where you are confronted with the fact that you don't understand those ideas as deeply as you thought and doing that repeatedly is a great way to tackle that illusion of clarity. So that means that anytime there is something that you're deeply interested in, something you're curious about, you shouldn't do that with everything because that would take over your life, right? But if there are topics you really care about, >> taking the time to try and explain them. And that could be just explaining them to yourself. So an exercise that I really like doing is really just grabbing a piece of paper or notebook. And the reason why you want to do this is that you don't want to go and start looking things up. You want to be fully offline and only relying on what is currently stored in your brain. and just try and explain that concept. Try and explain that idea in your own words. You will very quickly see when there is something that you don't really understand and when there are gaps. So that's one way of doing it. That's really quick. I have a friend who keeps post-it notes next to their computer just for that. just grabbing a post-it note, trying to explain the concept. And then if there are topics that you really, really, really care about, you can take it to the next stage, which is really trying to explain it to other people. And again, just thinking about the level of safety, the level of risk that you want to take here. You could start in a very simple way explaining it to a friend over coffee in a more casual conversation and whenever you feel ready taking it to the next stage where maybe you start explaining it to a larger crowd of people. That could be recording a quick one minute video reel that you put on your social media about the concept. That could be if you're someone who has a newsletter or a podcast or any kind of platform where you explore ideas, you could start try and explain it here or again that could be as part of a presentation. So you can see there's a a gradient almost of ways that you could do that. There some of them that might feel really safe just you with your notebook. Some of them that might feel a little bit riskier. But when you get to the point where anyone could put you on the spot and ask you a question about this topic and you feel comfortable explaining it without hiding behind jargon, this is where you know that when it comes to that specific idea, you have tackled that illusion of clarity. Makes so much sense. I know personally as someone who teaches audiences, I sometimes get asked to present topics that I don't feel that I'm an expert in. And one of the best exercises I found is in creating the slides and really thinking about the topic and doing the research, you get much more confident. Creating slides for me has always been a process of learning because you have to distill the concept into a diagram or into three bullet points and that is perhaps one of the the hardest things to do. But one of the risks is we live in an age of AI. There is what I know you've called the Google or now the chat GPT effect. Someone can go on clawed and generate a presentation in seconds and then there's this feeling of inauthenticity. I suppose you've got your slide notes so you could potentially read them. But what happens afterwards if you if you get a question? >> Yes, absolutely. Beyond the fact that as you said there's first the inauthenticity aspect where where to me it's almost dishonest right to stand on stage and give a presentation about something you haven't really taken the time to understand. And that's different from being an expert because I truly believe that it is okay and it is actually great to stand on stage before you feel like you understand everything. That's completely fine. But it is about standing on stage and saying I have done some of the work. Here's where I'm at right now with what I understand and I'm sharing it with you. And hopefully the conversation that will follow will also help me learn more. So you can stand on stage without being an expert. I think that's great. But I don't think you should stand on stage pretending to be an expert when you actually haven't done any of the work. And there is, as you said, a temptation with the tools that we have at our disposal today to just click on a button and get that presentation generated for you. maybe even have the notes, the actual things to say, the voice over generated for you and then stand on stage and and read from a prompter. And uh I I don't think that's helpful for the audience. I don't think that's helpful for you either. So I just talked about a little bit about the authenticity, the problem with authenticity that you mentioned, but another problem is just around learning and personal and professional growth. Creating your own version of something that you're interested in is one of the best ways to learn. It really forces you to make those connections. It forces you to make sure that you actually understand those ideas. And when you skip that work, you're not actually learning anything. You're not actually integrating anything. It's just surface level knowledge that is going to first crumble anytime someone actually asks you a question, but also that you're not going to be able to remember whenever that knowledge could be helpful in any of your other projects. The term Google effect was coined by researchers quite a while ago. I can't remember, but I think it was maybe 2008 or 2010. So quite a long time ago. And what researchers found is that when we know that we can access information later somewhere, that could be on the internet, that could be because we saved it in a folder on our computer, we remember better where to find that information than the actual information. So participants remembered better the name of the folder where the information was stored than the actual information. And so if you think about that effect today with chat GPT knowing that we could find any kind of information on chat GBT at any point could also have an effect where instead of remembering the information we will just trust that it will be available for us to access at any point in the future. So less authenticity as you mentioned but also less learning and less growth as a result over reliance on the fact that I don't need to remember anything anymore I can just access it with a few clicks and it will be there but maybe there's another layer which is is that information even the right information because perhaps you haven't even gone deep enough to to verify. Yes, absolutely. We were fortunately past really bad AI hallucinations at this stage. I feel like if you know how to use those tools, most of the time the information is, let's say, factually correct, but as you said, is this the right information? And is this all of the information that you need? I know personally that when I have searched for topics around my own research, so things I'm pretty knowledgeable about and I used chat GPT more as a quick Google search, right? I wanted to find maybe a paper I knew that I read in the past and couldn't quite remember what it was called or who wrote it or I wanted a quick summary of something that I already knew about. I could write it and spend half an hour doing it or I could ask DPT to do it. Most of the time it would give me only the kind of broad consensus in the scientific community around this topic and it would consistently miss the finer more nuanced points >> if I didn't prompt it to. So, I would have to go one layer deeper and say, "Can you also mention those two or three other theories that I know are not the main ones, but they're also important." I could do that. I could do the deeper prompting because I already knew what I was looking for. But if you're prompting an AI to explore a topic that you don't know much about and you just trust that it's going to give you the full picture, you're actually going to have a lot of blind spots and you're not even going to, you know, you don't know what you don't know, right? So, you're not even going to realize all of these gaps in the map that the AI is giving you. >> Yeah, I've experienced the same thing recently. I was doing some research into values. I wrote a book about values and so I was using Claude and I was asking but what about this and this and this and it was saying oh great idea and then expanding the context. Oh great idea. It as you said is full of blind spots. It would have been way less rich and I think a lot of communication nowadays between people is in that layer one level. you know, we're not getting the nuance and the subtlety and all of the options, but that is um a challenge for people to work out. And maybe we'll learn ways of of better better prompting as we as we progress. But what I'm really interested to talk to you about is tiny experiments and and the pact. What is a tiny experiment? >> So, let's start with what is an experiment? Let's start with that. So an experiment once you remove all of the maybe unnecessarily layers or the things that a scientist does. So as a scientist I have to to write grants. There's a lot of admin work. I have to write those very long protocols and register them and all of that. But if you go back to the essence of what an experiment is, an experiment is when you choose something to test for a trial period. That's it. That's what an experiment is. So you start from a place of curiosity. You might have a little bit of a hypothesis, bit of an intuition in terms of what might happen. You're not quite sure. And so you say, "Let me actually try it out. I'm going to test this." And you know when you run an experiment that if you do something only once, it could mean anything. It could be a coincidence. There's no pattern if you try the thing once. which is why you have a trial period or a number of trials, a number of repetitions where you do the thing enough times that you can start seeing patterns and you can see whether your hypothesis was correct or not. So that's an experiment. So in my book tiny experiments I explain that if you want to design your own experiments you can just choose one action and one specific duration during which you're going to perform that action. So for example you could say I will meditate every morning for 10 days action duration. I will reach out to an expert in my area every Monday for six weeks. I will cancel all of my team meetings over the next three weeks. See what happens. And so this is a tiny experiment. I will action for duration. You mentioned the pact and I call that a pact because it is really a a commitment to your curiosity. What you say is I will collect my own data for that specific period of time for that trial period and I will withhold judgment until I'm done collecting that data. An experiment is not a goal in the sense that you don't have that one destination. you're trying to get to this very binary definition of success and failure. It's not a habit. A habit doesn't have a specific duration. You say, "I will drink, you know, this amount of water for the rest of my life every day for the rest of my life or I will run three times a week for the rest of my life." Which is kind of crazy when you think about it because a lot of people have never tried these things before and they just say, "Let me, you know, build that habit for the rest of my life." An experiment is again a specific action for a specific duration. And the tiny part, so that's an experiment. The tiny part is because I really really want to encourage people to start small. When you hear about experiments, you might get excited and you might say, "Okay, let me use this to overhaul my entire life or let me run this experiment for the next 12 months or 18 months." And it's really important that you complete your experiment in order to know whether it works or not. So that's why it's better to start with something quite short. Try the experiment for a week, for for a couple of weeks, for 3 weeks, something quite short. See if it works or if it doesn't, see what you can tweak. And you can always then run another tiny experiment afterwards. >> Makes a lot of sense. It takes the pressure off habit formation where you're saying to yourself, "If I miss two days in a row, I'm no longer attached to that identity and then I'm a failure." Should you be measuring your progress as you experiment? >> So, I recommend so packed, you mentioned packed. Pacted is also an acronym and it stands for purposeful, actionable, continuous, and trackable. And uh the trackable part is really important. It's not like the M in smart goals where it's about measuring and where you imagine having those different dashboards and you measure all of those different metrics. With a pact, you only track whether you've done the action or not and that's it. So you could use any kind of tracker where you say yes, no, did I do it today or not? And that's it. You can also track how you feel the internal and external signals. You can do that in your journal. You can do that in your weekly review. But it it is really at this stage about tracking things. Not really measuring in the sense of measuring progress. You do that at the very very end. The analysis should always come at the very end when you're done collecting your data. The reason why is because scientists also don't start poking at the data while they're in the middle of the experiment. the the best way to get a biased result would be to do that. So this is why we have the trial period and we say let me do the thing and during the duration of your experiment there are going to be times where it feels harder, times where it feels easier, times where you just want to quit but this is why you keep it tiny and you finish it and at the end you look back and you analyze the result. Okay, what worked? What didn't? Do I want to do it again? Do I want to tweak some of the parameters of the experiment? But again, you only do that at the end. >> What are some examples of tiny experiments that you've heard people try or perhaps some from your own life? >> Yeah, I um so I run a community called Nestl Labs where we have a section where people can post their tiny experiments and they can post their mini protocol and people can support each other. So I've seen thousands and thousands of examples of tiny experiments. I'm going to share a couple that I really really like which I think really capture how flexible this approach is. So one of them is more personal and the other one is more professional. The personal one was someone in the Nestlaps community who had realized that because they had been so busy with work, they had lost touch with friends. So they designed a tiny experiment where they said, "I will send a message to a friend every one Wednesday for I don't remember how many weeks that was and that's it." And again, you're not measuring success by seeing how many of your friends reply or anything like that. You're just tracking whether you did it or not. So every Wednesday, he would sit down and write a little message and send it to a friend. The result, which I know is going to sound obvious, but didn't to him at the time, was that all of his friends were really happy to hear from him. And uh that helped him restart those conversations and catch up with them and really also helped to to your point, right, removing some of that fear because it was just a tiny experiment. It really allowed him to start reaching out again to his friends even though he felt like maybe they would be angry at him for not giving any news for so long. So that's one I really really liked because I didn't really think of that application at all and someone came up with it. And another one that is more professional is also someone in the Nestlaps community, an artist who had surgery in her arm and because of that couldn't paint for quite a long time and had developed that fear around painting that maybe she had lost some of her creativity because of all of this time without being able to practice. So she also designed a tiny experiment and she said I will sit in my art studio for 1 hour every day. Uh and again I can't remember how long that was but I will sit in my art studio for 1 hour every day and I will do nothing. That was the tiny experiment. I will just sit there and do nothing. >> Wow. >> Okay. And what was great is that the first few times that she did that, well, she was just like sitting there and waiting and waiting. And after a while, she got so bored of sitting in her studio and doing nothing that she ended up picking up the brushes again and painting again. And so that experiment really helped her reconnect with her creativity in a way that felt very light, with very little pressure, which was really amazing. So again, that's another example from my community that I really enjoyed. >> Yeah. Yeah. That's such an amazing example of an experiment that leads to an unexpected outcome and was so worthwhile. Should you remind yourself using like lock it into your calendar for example? How would you recommend someone ensures that they complete what they've committed to? So, I know this is going to sound very meta, but I recommend to actually experiment with that because I have found that it doesn't really work in the same way for everyone. Some people some people find it really helpful to block time in their calendar and so they can actually stick with the experiment for its entire duration. Some people find that it adds pressure. And I'm going to give you a personal example, something that actually happened to me that I think illustrates this quite well. When I signed my book deal for Tiny Experiments, I had never written a book before and so I didn't really know how to go about it and I actually had to experiment a lot. There is a lot of advice for writers out there, but obviously everybody's different and everybody's creativity works in slightly different ways. So the advice that I had seen at the time that was that's pretty common and that's what a lot of people will tell you actually is block time in your calendar and ideally start writing first thing in the morning and so every morning block one hour or two hours and work on your book and that's the way to do it. So I thought okay let me experiment with that. What I found is that in my case it didn't work at all. What happened in that is that there were many days where I would sit down in the morning to write and by the end of the the block the one hour block I hadn't written anything good and I felt terrible about it and then it would have all of those downstream effects throughout the rest of the day. I would be sitting in meetings and think in the back of my head, I didn't write anything good today. Maybe I shouldn't have signed that book deal. Maybe I'm not really built to wired to be an author. I've been writing short form content for so long but a book is a different beast blah blah all of that right all of this self-doubt so I changed the experiment and instead of saying I will write one hour every morning first thing I said I will write for 5 hours every week and it doesn't matter when those hours happen it could be anytime that ended up working so much better for me and there were mornings where I would actually sit down and then write because there was less pressure. There were also weeks where I didn't touch the manuscript at all the entire week and then on Sunday afternoon I would spend five hours hyperfocused deeply, you know, inspired by the book and I would write non-stop for 5 hours. And all in all, I probably ended up writing roughly the same number of hours over the course of producing this manuscript. But there was way less pressure when I didn't block time in my calendar every morning. But there was no way I could have figured that out if I didn't really experiment with the approach. Right? So this is why I would say go with one iteration. Run one tiny experiment where you block time in your calendar. See if that works for you. Based on that, you might want to take a slightly different approach where you have bigger blocks, shorter blocks, fewer blocks, no blocks. And you can keep on iterating until you have a system that is as unique as you are. >> And you could create a tiny experiment about anything, right? It could be as simple as walking on the beach every morning and seeing what the result of that might be all the way through to launching a startup. I mean, I remember Tim Ferris saying he treats his life as a series of experiments and I think he gives them three months and he says he starts something new, tests it and if it doesn't work, he's willing to give up because it was just an experiment. So actually it you don't feel like a failure. >> Yeah, it really completely rewires your relationship to success and failure. Again, if you think about scientists, they don't run an experiment because they know what the result is going to be. If they already knew that this would succeed, quote unquote, as in getting to a very specific destination, there would be no point running the experiment in the first place, right? So, you run an experiment because it is very possible that this is going to fail in the traditional sense of the term, but scientists don't really see that as failure. But what they see is that they had a hypothesis that hypothesis was incorrect. And this is great because now they know now they know that this is not the right approach. They have more knowledge than they had before running the experiment and they can use the new knowledge that was generated to run their next experiment. So all of a sudden failure is not something that you want to avoid. It really becomes an opportunity to learn and an opportunity to grow. And a tiny experiment could become a h a habit if it really suits you and it benefits you and you love it. >> Absolutely. An experiment can either turn into a habit if it is something that maybe you've run it for a couple of weeks and uh and you really like it. It works for you. you're seeing all of those benefits and you can say okay you know what let me almost like promote it to the rank of of habit and say this is something that I want to stick to now for the foreseeable future you can also turn an experiment into a project. So if this is something that you feel like you want to keep on building on and you see yourself keeping on working on over the long term that can become a project. So that's what happened with my newsletter. It started as an experiment where I said I will write one short article every weekday for the next 100 days. And I know it sounds like a big experiment, but the articles were quite short and and I already loved writing at the time. So that was my preferred medium, something I was quite comfortable with already. And at the end of the 100 weekdays, it was very clear to me that I loved it. I absolutely loved sitting down at my computer not being quite sure yet what I would write about, reading papers about this topic and turning it into something I could share with people. And so I wouldn't really say now that the Nestlabs newsletter is an experiment. I still have lots of tiny experiments running as part of this project. But the Nestlabs newsletter I've been writing for 5 years now. It's not a tiny experiment anymore. So absolutely tiny experiments can turn into habits and they can also turn into projects. >> What about your story at Google? Can you tell us a little bit about what got you interested in in neuroscience and the transition that you made? >> Yes, absolutely. Um I really think about my career, my life in general. I think about it as as if it was two chapters and Google for me was very much the first chapter of my career. At the time I had a very linear traditional definition of success. So to be successful was to have a clear goal and uh to get a good job and then climb the ladder, get the next promotion. And that's what I did really at Google. I was very focused on being as successful as possible. That was probably mixed in with I didn't know the term at the time, but probably mixed in with a little bit of imposttor syndrome as well where I felt like maybe someone would discover that I didn't belong there. All of this put together the traditional definition of success. Plus, the little bit of imposttor syndrome meant that I was basically the yes girl at work. You could come and ask me to work on anything at any time of the day and I would say yes, yes, you can count on me. So colleagues would come to me at 7 p.m. and say, "Can you create that presentation for the meeting tomorrow at 9:00 a.m.?" Yes. Yes, absolutely. I'm your girl. I will do it. Even if that meant cancelling plans with friends or maybe sleeping fewer hours that night, I would say yes to everything. That was obviously unsustainable. And I I wish I could tell you that I had realized I realized on my own that something was wrong. But for me, and I know it's the case for a lot of people, unfortunately, it took a bit of a a trigger outside of my control for me to realize that something was wrong. So, what happened was that one morning I was getting ready to go to work and while brushing my teeth, I realized that my entire arm had turned purple. So, I went to the Google infirmary. We had that on campus and the nurse had one look and said, "You need to go to the hospital." So I went to the hospital in Stanford where the doctor said, "We need to perform surgery as quickly as possible. You have a blood clot in your arm that is threatening to travel to your lungs." And in that moment, instead of saying, "Yes, absolutely. Let's do the surgery as soon as possible," I said, "One second, I need to check my calendar." And it was almost like it was almost like this out of body experience of seeing me seeing myself doing this thing that was so absurd, right? That didn't make any sense that it it made me realize that my priorities were completely out of whack. And for me, that was the beginning of that second chapter I'm now in where I have a much less linear approach to to success, fewer goal-based kind of of success and and this kind of linear progression and where I'm a lot more experimental and also trying to pay a lot more attention to all of the signals that my brain and body are trying to give me instead of ignoring them and pushing through. >> Wow, that's that's so interesting. And it leads me to ask you about response one versus response two because there is a very real of course when something like that happens to you and across the scope of our lives uncertainty is going to hit us and we talk increasingly about living through voua volatile uncertain complex ambiguous times. What does response one versus response two actually look like in the face of uncertainty? >> So response one is our automatic answer in the face of uncertainty. I think it's it's useful to understand why we respond like that when we're faced with uncertainty. So our brain essentially if if really you go back to what your brain is trying to do what it's job your brain is designed for survival. That's it. And everything else with bells and whistles. >> Really, your brain is designed to help you survive. And because of that, it does make sense that your brain is also designed to try and reduce uncertainty as quickly as possible. So, whenever you find yourself in a situation where you're not quite sure what's going to happen next, where you're not quite sure what the risks are, who are your friends and your enemies in the tribe, where are the resources, what is that weird noise behind you? all of these kind of things that create uncertainty. Your brain is going to try and attend to this and try and find an answer as quickly as possible. This is not anything wrong with the brain, the way your brain is designed. And I would argue that if what you want in life is just to survive, then great. Your brain is doing a great job and you can actually rely on those automatic responses. But if you want more from life than just surviving, if you want to grow, if you want to thrive, if you want to figure out what really is the way you want to spend your time and your energy, then those automatic survival mechanisms can get in the way of that personal and professional growth. And this is where you want to be able to say, and I know it's going to sound a little bit silly, but really, thank you, brain. I know what you're trying to do here. I really appreciate it, but I am in no immediate, you know, risk danger of death here. And I actually want to go and try that thing. I actually want to go and experiment. I want to see what happens here. And this is response two. This is a response that is autonomous rather than being automatic. That is a response that is based on curiosity rather than control. It's really a response where you reconnect with your sense of agency and you trust yourself to figure it out as you go even and especially if uncertainty is really high right now in your life and in the general environment. >> So developing some tools that interrupt that default state perhaps those predictions of you know this is going to go badly here we go again and gratitude actually thanking the brain. So that sounds like a great first step just saying, "Oh, thank you. I understand that you're doing your job. However, right now, I want to give myself some more options." >> Yes, absolutely. I think really remembering that whatever you're experiencing is just a signal from your brain and that those signals come from a place of protection, wanting to protect you is really important. And so some of those signals can be quite uncomfortable and there might be resistance around them. But as you said, if you just have this little pattern interrupt and where you say, "Oh, thank you. I I see what you're doing here and I am grateful that you're trying to protect me, but let me take over now." So being curious, being grateful, just sometimes, you know, taking a deep breath, that can also be a great way to interrupt the pattern or refraraming the signal in the way that is more useful to you. So something a friend uh recommended to me and that I've since heard many times is for public speakers, for example, when you're about to go on stage and you notice that your heart is starting to beat faster and maybe your hands are a little bit sweaty. reframing this from I'm anxious to I'm excited because the signals actually look very similar. So there are lots of different ways you can interrupt that pattern and you can in that way completely change your experience >> and do you think we are reacting to the world or predicting the world as per the predictive processing model or something in between? What's your thoughts? Well, I mean we know that the brain is really a prediction machine and the way the the way this works is that so if you look at the prediction action cycle in the brain which is one of the models of the brain and I'm not saying we know for sure this is how the brain works right but it is a model that a lot of scientists believe is a good representation of how the brain works and how we navigate the world. So first the brain is going to make a prediction based on the information the data available in the environment and then we're going to take an action based on that prediction. Then the brain is going to look at how the situation changed basically the new information in the environment based on this action we took and is going to notice the the error the the gap in between the prediction and what actually happened. This is how we learn. This is how we grow. This is how we evolve even when the path forward is unclear. So we make predictions, we take action and then we see if again very similar to how tiny experiments work, we see if the hypothesis that we formulated was correct. And this happens at a at micro level every single time you take an action. Even when you go and open the door, you're making a prediction where you're almost 100% sure that by the time your hand gets there, that handle is still going to be there, right? So, it's all predictions. >> It's fascinating. And it's interesting that the greater the prediction error, the higher the likelihood that you're learning and growing, which it seems unintuitive, but it makes a lot of sense. >> Absolutely. You want to put yourself in situations where there is an actual gap between your prediction and what might actually happen. So again, using the example of the door handle, once you're done learning this, there's no learning anymore, right? You're you're just uh actually going to the door handle, which actually, by the way, is really funny because you'll notice that in some countries the door handle is the other way around. And you can almost feel it in your brain this this little friction the resistance of ooh I made a prediction and actually it's not what's happening is not what I had predicted and so you have to relearn something new here right um but so yeah if you only predict things that go exactly as you predicted them then there's no learning anymore so I completely agree with you and I think it's one of the best things you can do if you want to keep on growing is making those kind of risky pred predictions. And by risky, I don't mean putting yourself in a situation of danger. I just mean that you could be wrong. >> We're kind of almost living in our own personal simulations and trying to maintain stability. And people wonder, why am I not growing? Why am I not achieving the goals that I've set forelves? But it's because you are aligned with low prediction error with your own version of reality and not actually challenging yourself. And I think that's where tiny experiments comes in. >> Absolutely. Tiny experiments are a a very simple way for you to inject more predictions and more of those errors. So more trials, more errors in your life and in that way to keep on learning in ways that are very easy to implement. And actually something I hear quite a lot sometimes is that people saying, "Oh, I don't know if I have space for experimentation. you know, I have so much going on in my life right now. This is another reason why my book is called Tiny Experiments and not big, massive, huge experiments. >> It's because you you can actually experiment with very small things in your life. And you don't need money, resources, or any kind of special tools to experiment. One of my favorite experiments is I will not bring my phone in my bedroom for one week. that doesn't require any money, any extra time, anything like that, any extra energy and it can actually have very positive consequences in in your life. So experiments can be very very tiny and they are a way to make more predictions to take more actions and to learn from the gap in between your hypothesis and the actual outcome. >> Are there ever any times when the experimental mindset might be the wrong tool? There are situations where you know exactly what you're supposed to do. They're quite rare. But if you are in a situation where it is really a matter of just doing the thing, then maybe you don't need to experiment. They're quite rare. We know, for example, that if you want to lose weight, you need to be in a calorie deficit. So there's there's there's no way around that, right? Like that's not something you're going to experiment with. you know that oh by eating more calories than I spend am I going to to lose or gain weight? We know the answer to this, right? But within that, within that you can experiment, right? What is a way for you to maintain that calorie deficit if you want to lose weight? Is that maybe more veggies, more protein or or maybe you want to exercise a little bit more, adding more steps throughout your day. So you can experiment with ways to create that deficit. So I would argue that there are very very few situations where you cannot experiment at all. >> Thank you so much, Anna. If someone is interested in reading the book, connecting with you, joining your community, where would you like them to go? >> Thank you so much for having me. So, I write a weekly newsletter called Nestlabs. You can go to nstlabs.com and subscribe there. And I write about a lot of the topics we discussed together today. And the book again is called Tiny Experiments. And it's available anywhere books are sold. >> Amazing. And a final thought for those who stuck with us all the way to the end. um a question maybe I'll uh just ask them what will be your first tiny experiment. I like that very much and thank you again and thank you all for tuning in. Do check out the links in the show notes. We'll see you next time.

- 9 STRESS TESTS Every 1st Chapter Should Pass: Kind: captions Language: en 43% of readers know whether they're going to finish a book by the end of the first chapter. So to make sure you have an excellent first chapter, we're going to do nine stress tests. Just like a bank gets put through a stress test by the government or your doctor puts your heart through a stress test by having you run on a treadmill, we're going to make your first chapter run through these nine gauntlet tests to see whether they can pass them. Now, the very first one is the acceleration test. Where does your first chapter accelerate? It could be in the beginning, it could be in the middle, it could be the end. But certainly at some point in your first chapter, the story needs to accelerate in order to hook the reader. You could do it in the very first sentence. That's what Elena Ferrante does in her novel, The Days of Abandonment. You might have seen her HBO series on the Neapolitan Quartet, and I am a huge Ferrante fan. Her first sentence says, "One April afternoon, right after lunch, my husband announced that he wanted to leave me." So that starts the book with a bank. But I do think that there is this myth in writing circles that you have to start off your book really really quickly like in the first paragraph. And I think that's a myth because we see great novels starting at all places in the first chapter, starting at the very end of the chapter, starting in the middle of the chapter. So don't feel this pressure like the book has to begin in your first sentence. That's not true. If you want to, it's a great option, but it's just one option among many. For an example of a novel that starts at the end of the first chapter, look at Ragtime by Eel Doctoro. He starts with this kaleidoscopic image of all of the things going on in the United States at the beginning of the 20th century. And then after at the very end of the chapter, we have the actual inciting incident, which is when Harry Houdini crashes his car near a boy's house and the boy's family invites him in. As long as somewhere in your first chapter accelerates the story line, I think you're good to go. The second test is an absolute essential one. It is the anticipation test. In your first chapter, you need to give the reader something to look forward to. Give them a reason why they want to continue reading chapters. In all the light we cannot see by Anthony Doer, the book starts with all these leaflets falling from the sky. And the leaflets say, "Urgent message to the inhabitants of this town, depart immediately to open country." And then we learn about artillery units dropping incendiary rounds into the mouth of mortars. War is coming. We can see right from those very first early paragraphs that like oh stuff is going to go down. Or look at Sea of Tranquility by Emily St. John Mandel. The very first chapter shows a man in the middle of the action. He is traveling on a boat from Britain to Canada. So it doesn't start with him preparing to get on a boat, right? Not at the beginning of the journey. It doesn't start with him at the end of the journey. It starts in the middle in the ongoing tension of the journey that lets the reader anticipate when he's going to arrive. Now, there are also some mysteries that the reader anticipates finding out more about later. We learn that this guy is being sent into exile because of having radical views. Ooh, count my curiosity peaked. Look, as long as you can keep a reader anticipating what's going to happen, you're going to keep them from dnfing your book. Now, this third stress test is probably the most important one for the beginning of your novel, and it is number three, character hook test. What does your reader feel about your main character by the time they end your first chapter? Because if they feel nothing, that gives them zero reason to want to continue reading. Now, it doesn't have to be love, right? It could be amusement. It could be fascination. It could be dislike, right? As long as you elicit an emotional reaction in the reader, they're going to be hooked on your character. Let's look at Tomorrow and Tomorrow and Tomorrow by Gabriel Zven. What I like about the beginning of this book is it immediately creates a mystery through four names that the character has had. He is currently named Maer or at least he's known as like in the gaming world as Maer. The name before that was Samson Maer. That's what he used to go by before he got all famous. And then we learn his birth name, Samson Mazour. So he has changed his name to sound less Jewish. And then we learn his childhood name, Sam, which is what he put as his initials when he was going crazy on Donkey Kong. Just listing those four names tells you so much about this character and definitely makes you intrigued by who this person is. Another good example of a character hook is in Deacon King Kong by James McBride. In the beginning of this book, a churchgoing deacon named Cuff Lambert walks up to a drug dealer in the middle of a plaza and shoots him right in the head. And nobody knows why he did it. So all the other characters start speculating like why did this churchgoing deacon walk up to this guy and shoot him? Just having a gigantic question mark over a character's motivation is enough to entice the reader to keep reading to figure out who this person is. And the fourth stress test that you should apply to your first chapter is the three levels of curiosity test. What I want you to do is to go through your first chapter and list at least three things that your reader would be curious about. I choose three because there doesn't really need to be 20. I mean, that's kind of overkill, but you definitely have to have more than one. I think three is a nice round big number that gets your book started, but there's also enough clarity so the reader knows what's going on, but there's also enough intrigue that they want to keep reading. For an example of this, let's look at Never Let Me Go by Kazua Ishiguru. We learn right away that the students are referenced as donors, and we're like, what does that mean? So basically this is worldbuilding curiosity. We're getting introduced to a world which is different than our own. And so we're unclear of what these terms even mean. A second level of curiosity is just where all these kids are at. They're at this isolated boarding school in England. And the school seems to have very unusual rules. And then the last level of curiosity is a plot-based one. The narrator mentions something about the fate of all her classmates once all of them complete. And so we're like, "Ooh, that sounds a little ominous." Now, if you've read this book, you're probably rubbing your hands right now, like, I know what happens. And if you haven't read this book, I hope that those things actually make you interested to see what happens to these teenagers. The fifth stress test seems like an obvious one, but it's one that a lot of beginning writers tend to miss, so I think it's important to include. It's number five, the story compass test. The story compass just asks readers whether they know by the say halfway through the first chapter where they are, when they are, and who the main character is. Now, the push back I constantly get from writers is they say like, "Oh, but I want to make it mysterious. I want my main character to start with amnesia and for them not to know where they are or when they are, anything like that." But in general, I think that's a bad approach to mystery. You create mystery in your book not by withholding as many details as possible, but by giving those basic details and then making the reader curious about what's going to happen next. Let's look at The Children's Crusade by Anne Packer, which has a wonderful story, Compass Orientation. So, this novel starts by telling us exactly when we are in time. We learn it's 1954. It also tells us where we are. He was on a medical ship off the coast of Korea, and now we are in Oakland, California. We also know who this is. We know this is a former soldier. We see him later on wearing his dress blues and his hair being flattened as he drives in a convertible. So, please orient your reader to the basic details of your world and then you can create mysteries on top of those. Now, the next stress test is one that not a lot of writers think about when they're writing their first chapter. It is number six, the four senses test. Do you have enough sensory details in your first chapter of your book to draw the reader in? Now, why do I say the four senses rather than five senses? It's because you don't need to have taste in your first chapter. Perhaps for whatever reason like your first chapter doesn't offer the characters an opportunity to taste something. That's completely fine. Don't like try to worm taste in. It's not necessary. But you do need you absolutely do need those other four senses. And the basic premise of this stress test is do you have enough sensory details in the first chapter of your book to make the reader feel immersed in a real living universe? Let's look at Jonathan Franen's The Corrections, which I think is probably his best book. I don't know whether you remember, but this is the novel that he turned down Oprah for. He declined Oprah's book club invitation, which I think he's the only author ever to do that. Ballsy move, Francon. Nobody tells Oprah no. Nobody. So, in his first chapter, and actually in the very first paragraph, we get sensory details about feeling. There is a cold front coming in. We also get sensory stuff about sight. Uh we see the sun low in the sky. Then we get these wonderful details about sound, the drone and hiccup of a clothes dryer and the nasal contention of a leaf blower. Love those descriptions. They're so evocative. And lastly, we get smell. We get local apples ripening and we get the smell of gasoline. So, right off the bat, the reader is immediately immersed in the sensory details of this novel. I mean, Franen is really killing it with this first paragraph. Now, this next stress test is one that a lot of readers fret about. It is number seven, the tripart originality test. Now, there are some authors that stress out way too much about originality, and if they see any similarities between their story and another, they're like, "Uh, I give up. It's already been written. There's no purpose." That's a mistake because inevitably your story is going to overlap with other stories out there. And and you actually don't want pure originality because then people wouldn't be able to access it. It's definitely good to rely upon the trillions of stories that have come before us and build on top of those. On the other hand, there are some authors that stress way too little about originality and their story comes off as being recycled sort of this hackne repetition of stories that are very popular and already out there and we don't really need like a B-rated version of them. Now, you should know for yourself which one of those you tend to fall to. I tend to fall to the too much originality side, like I really want it to be original. But here are the three originality questions that you need to ask your first chapter. One, does my book too closely resemble another work of fiction? When I read Red Sky and Morning by Paul Lynch, I'm like, this is a Blood Meridian Cormarmac ripoff. Like way too much stuff was very, very close. The voice, the characters, the plot. I mean, I'm like too much, man. This is not original. Or a lot of people have complained about Powerless by Lauren Roberts. how it seems to be way too similar to Victoria Aveyard's Red Queen in terms of storyline, in terms of characters, in terms of world building. I mean, she's not writing fanfiction, but in a way, this is too close to fanfiction to actually be set apart as an original work. The second originality question you need to ask yourself is, does this book too closely resemble another book that I've already written? I think about an author like Thomas Wolf where you can kind of have the same sentence describe multiple novels of his. You have an isolated man in a southern town who has to escape family pressures, especially his doineering mother. And then he seeks a separate identity by exploring the world. But I am aware that there are a lot of very very famous authors who have made an entire career off of writing books that seem to have more than a family resemblance to one another. Think of the character similarities in Philip Ross protagonist or in Herooqi Murakami's protagonist. Or compare Jam Cozy's Waiting for the Barbarians with Disgrace. A lot of overlap. So only you can decide whether this novel is too close to something you've already accomplished and whether you're just recycling the same story line because it feels familiar or whether it's different enough that it could be its own novel and deserves its own space on the bookshelf. And then the third originality question is simply, have you avoided story cliches in the first chapter? I'm talking about an alarm clock waking the protagonist up, a description of the weather, perhaps a dream sequence, or say an info dumping backstory. The first chapter is your first chance to impress the reader and make them feel like your book is worth their time. So, if you're just giving them something they've seen a thousand times before, it's not going to pass muster. This next stress test is going to require you to be brave, but trust me, it's going to be worth it. It is number eight, the first paragraph public test. What I want you to do is to take the first paragraph of your novel and post it somewhere in an online forum. Now, it's only the first paragraph. No one's going to steal it, right? It's not like you're giving them a whole chapter or like half the book or anything like that. It's the first paragraph. And what you want to do is you want to ask them two questions. One, would you keep reading? You need to get some feedback that like this first paragraph is good enough that the reader is intrigued. And then two, why would you want to keep reading? And this can be very useful feedback. What gets the reader interested in that first paragraph enough so that they'll read the rest of the chapter and hopefully the rest of the book. It's better to get that feedback now rather than to publish the book and then get a lot of bad reviews because you didn't realize what that first chapter was doing. For an example of this, let's look at The Secret History by Donna Tart. This is a fantastic first paragraph. It's okay to pause the video for a second so you can read it. Now, why is the reader interested here? Well, we have a dead body, right? That's intrigues us a little bit. That's a mystery. Two, it seems that the narrator is implicated in some way in this death, but we don't quite know how. And then three, the stakes are very, very high. There's this huge manhunt. It's in the press. It's getting a lot of publicity. So, we know, oh, this is a huge deal. I mean, as a reader, how can you not keep reading after a first paragraph like that? And the final stress test you need to do on your first chapter is number nine, the promise test. Understand that a first chapter is kind of like a promise to the reader. You are promising them the type of conflict that's going to follow in the rest of this book. You're promising them a certain mood and a certain ambiance. You're also promising them a certain genre. You can't have your first chapter be all sciency as if you're going to write a science fiction novel and then have magic swoop in from the outside and suddenly this becomes more of a fantasy novel. You can't start with your first chapter feeling very very very tight and poetic and literary and then turn into sort of a commercial pop boiler by the end of the book. For a great example of this, let's look at Cormarmac McCarthy's The Road. Now, this is actually a book without chapters, but I'm still using it because I feel like the first segment of this book, the first section of this book tells us exactly what type of novel this is. Take a look at this paragraph and just ask yourself like, what is the tone of this book? It seems pretty happygolucky and light-hearted and funny, right? I actually sell shirts out of Tublic and one of my shirts is Cormack McCarthy's Comedy Club. And people keep buying it, I think, because it's funny. Because Cormack McCarthy isn't funny at all. In this paragraph, we have words like dark and gray and dimming. We have the smelliness of stinking. We have zero light on the horizon. He is letting you know right from the beginning, oh, this is not going to be an ha ending, and you should watch out for very, very dark stuff in this novel. Look, you don't want your first chapter to mislead the reader. You want to promise them exactly what they're going to get in the whole rest of the novel. Hey, I hope that was helpful. If you're not a subscriber to Bookbox Academy, please subscribe. I'll put the link below. And happy writing.

  Top Comments:
  1. @levitatingoctahedron922 [1 likes]: you say cormac mccarthy isn't funny but I probably laughed out loud 200 times while reading blood meridian
  2. @michaelkarnerfors9545 [1 likes]: 10:30 Someone call Dan Brown, please!
  3. @Kenzabelfqih: The first in my book that im writting  is "don't don't don't"
  4. @somimiranda2778: This tips are like... for prologue too? Cause I have a 3 pages prologue disconnected for.. more than 100 years from the start, and don't know if think of those pages or the real 1rst chapter with the MC 🥺
  5. @AryaStarkofWinterfell8: I’ve been a Beta for a couple of books which started with the character running away. I didn’t know who they were or where at who they were running from or why or who was chasing them. The authors were like, I don’t want to reveal that yet. But I was completely uninterested not knowing anything about them.
  6. @HukkuToS: Whooosssaaagoooddbooy
  7. @MrCram: Coo tshirt
  8. @vinitvsankhe: I have trained my GPT on all these videos by bookfox and Alyssa Matesic. 

They pull the transcripts and critic my book chapters as I structure and write them..
  9. @DaisyBee11: Yeah, the #9 will be a bit of a problem for me. But too late to change it majorly now
  10. @haiderkazmi7621: "dih in king kong" just made me realize how important it is to have a good title.
  11. @SkeletonLeiutenant: 9:53 So I have the silly little issue in that my work is fanfiction and I'm just watching these cause I want it to be half decent and algorithm gonna algorithm.
  12. @AstrumKitten091: Scary to be wired up to a book by your torturers... I hope you didn't get burned by poor writing and amnesia from the main character who wakes up in his bed.
Intro is crazy difficult, not because it's hard to find words but it's hard to find the RIGHT words. To setup enough of the world/characters but not tooo much information is difficult, and even more so to make it feel engaging. I think I struggle with this, I even tried adding some inner dialogue of the villain thats supposed to take place during his transformation from his normal self into his villain existence (it was honestly kind of inspired by when Griffith is about to speak to the Idea of Evil in Berserk, I think it was chapter 82's end since chapter 83 was the cut chapter.). IT was purely experimental though, I am unsure it is the ideal thing since what comes after is the short little setup of the past and the villains appearance before the people of the world. The issue isn't that it is not related to anything else in the intro, is that it doesn't make any sense until way later in the story. My thoughts were that perhaps the mystery would interest people, but really i am like 80% sure this is not a good idea so i may cut it. I have to admit this is more a prologue than a first chapter but yeah. Since i am making a game the way i distinct chapters is a bit different so I am going to just count the little prologue and the little part with the MC's introduction as "chapter 1" . Even the actual part with theMC is a bit 50/50 if i like it or not however I have done quite a few changes to it so I am more liking it than previously. Set's up the first antagonist, sets up the fall and exile of members of the royal guard and of course it sets up the main character and the tragedy that change his life. Arguably it changed his life for the better since his dad was not a good person, but does a pre-teen boy really deserve no parents.... I don't think so. 

My storytelling skills are shit but i like to yap so yeah. I will get better, I will try anyway.
  13. @GrowSomeLabia-qo4oj: Perhaps the author guiltiest of failing the originality test is the self-plagiarizing Dan Brown. I loved the Da Vinci Code and immediately looked for Saints & Sinners because I figured it would be pretty awesome too. But it was the exact same story -- traitorous friend, wicked cool transportation device, 24 hours to find the macguffin, beautiful brilliant chick who's single and falls in love with Robert Langdon, strange and weird hidden villain (the albino, the dude from some unnamed misogynist country)--way too many coincidental and unusual similarities (and how often do you have 24 hours to fix or find something?) I haven't read a Brown book since. I figured #3 would be just as similar.

Another one who self rips-off is Stephen King. Not as badly as Brown but I am SO tired of his over-the-top character tropes--the crazy-ass fundamentalist Christian, the misogynist abuser who makes OJ Simpson look like the Dalai Lama, the female victim I'm supposed to feel sorry for--and I did, forty years ago--but today I'm like, "Haven't women in fictional Maine towns figured out yet to avoid these guys? Why are they such sorry-ass victims?" I read Under The Dome, suitably, while in lockdown and then decided to try Cell, but it started out exactly the same way--instead of an invisible dome dropping down and killing and injuring animals and humans in extremely nasty ways, it was cell phones delivering mass death. Figuring I now knew everything that was going to happen, I dropped it. I'm not sure King has had an original idea in decades.
  14. @DaltonKevinM: What about a stress test for THE MIDDLE?  So much of writing advice is just repackaged marketing, but it confuses the target market.  I don't care why someone reads chapter two.  I care what keeps me, as a writer, engaged until I type "the end!"
  15. @AlexusGryphon: I put my entire rough first draft on Wattpad. The whole story is there in its original form. I have nearly 30,000 reads and a good number of comments, so I must have done something right.
  16. @LeonardAndHisBiscuit: Could do without the commie shirt
  17. @BlackFolioStudios: I'm running into an originality issue of sorts with the current novella I'm writing because it exists in an already established continuity. I suppose until publication (which I'm sure is going to be massively difficult) that just makes it fan fiction at the moment.
  18. @thejohnscott3: Great video. Love these suggestions, as first chapters are mostly the make-or-break for readers. 

Also, I worked with Ann Packer on a JJ Abrams TV show that never came to fruition. She's wonderful.
  19. @poko-143: I never knew death would feel like drowning. But now I do . The darkness that was present just now is gone and all I could see are two massive eyes Infront and nothing else . I could muster no strenth to even say something. " Want to live again ? " Those massive eyes asked me a question that sounded more like a deal . 


Want to read more ?
Why do you want to read more ?
Tell me what you think about it ?
  20. @DanWestonX: Harry Potter 1 was a big violator: 50 pages of Dursley dreariness almost made me put the book down. Glad I didn't, but frontloading extensive character dev and world building of mediocre Muggles was a very big risk that IMO never retroactively justified itself.

- DIY Science Balloon in a Bottle: Kind: captions Language: en blow up a balloon inside of a bottle with the science of air pressure here's what you'll need a plastic bottle a balloon a pin some tape first stretch out the balloon once it's all stretched out put the deflated balloon into the bottle and wrap the neck of the balloon around the bottle opening try blowing up the balloon it doesn't blow up what if we make a hole in the bottle now try blowing up the balloon careful not to cover the hole it inflates quickly cover the hole with your finger seal it with some tape you'll see the balloon won't deflate even though the bottle isn't sealed now try this take the tape off and let the balloon deflate put your mouth on the hole you made in the bottle and try to suck the air out like this you've inflated a balloon without even touching it this happens because you're reducing the air pressure in the bottle by sucking out the air so the balloon expands to equalize the air pressure ever wondered why there are two holes in the lid of your takeaway hot chocolate design engineers put it there to allow the outside air to enter your cup balancing the air pressure created by you gulping your drink design engineers are super creative researching and designing products we use every day from cars to furniture and mugs [Music]

- Fixing up the classic 1999 Hewlett-Packard Pavilion PC: Kind: captions Language: en [restorative jazz tunes play] [computer buzzes, beeps] - Well! Things are coming along over here, and it's not at all even close to being done yet. Greetings and welcome to a bit of an LGR filler video, because yeah, things are happening a lot! But things that don't necessarily result in a lot of videos coming out here on this main channel. Presenting at conventions, I just got back from one of those, and made an LGR Blerbs video about it. There's gonna be a video about it on this channel eventually, it's just not there yet. And I'm going to Vintage Computer Festival Southwest here pretty soon. So like, ahh, in between all that, also really working on this place and getting stuff outta storage and slowly putting things in and uncovering stuff. And well, something I uncovered, I'm like, yeah, just do a video on that real quick. Well, I say real quick, but that has yet to be seen. Yeah, this little guy right here. I'm certainly not done putting this place together yet, but enough things are kind of in place that, eh, I figured we could take a look at this before I head out again to another show. All right, so what we got here is a rather basic but oddly nostalgic system from 1999. This is the Hewlett-Packard Pavilion, the 6535 in this case. I mean, literally in this case, this case also had a bunch of different model numbers, but this one is the one that I have on hand and it's one that was given to me by my friend Billy Coore, of oops, that's gonna come off pretty easily I guess. But yeah, he does the Nostalgia Mall Channel and we were just talking about computers and stuff as we do and this one came up. And he was just like, "hey, "I've got one of these just kind of hanging around. "Do you want it?" And he dropped it off and here it is. So he's done some things to it in terms of getting it put back together, and I think just did a basic restoration for Windows 98 and put in this some kind of an SD card reader instead of a hard drive. But you know, I'd like to clean it up a little bit more and give it more of a not really a full restoration, right? But just I don't like the mismatch here, right? So I wanna maybe see if we can address that and do something about the sticker. Up here, just being kind of not really attached anymore. Oh yeah, on the note of the sticker, let's just go over the specs. It is an Intel Celeron 466 megahertz system, 64 megs of SDRAM, with a bit of that shared with a video chip, which is an integrated Intel thing. I mean it's AGP, but you know, only 11 megabytes of dynamic video memory. I remember it being complete garbage. Yeah, also originally an 8.4 gig hard drive, no longer it's been swapped out here and a V.90 K56flex data/fax modem, also not in here. And a 40-speed CD-ROM. It doesn't mention it, but there's also a three and a half inch high density floppy drive. Also love that "NSTL hardware tested" thing. "Year 2000 compliant." Augh, I feel so relieved. And it's also missing this I/O shield here, which is, you know, it's all minor stuff. This is actually, as far as I know, fully working, doesn't really need a whole lot of attention, but it's something that I would like to have because of the... well you know, nostalgia factor of the thing. Like it's just one of those computers that defines the end of the '90s right into the new millennium. And still, to this day, when I think HP Pavilion, I think this design and those similar to it. And they were one of the few companies at the time messing around with some interesting designs along with, of course, Sony with their VAIO machines and Acer with their Aspire desktops of different configurations. And things were very much moving away from the purely beige era and just dipping their toes into a little bit of color, also more such gray and then black, which really dominated the mid-2000s onward. And yeah, the HP Pavilions from back then, while I didn't have one when it was new, I did end up getting one for free-ish in the mid-2000s, 2005, something like that. I was just going around fixing random people's computers, you know, whoever, friends or family had a computer needed fixing up, I would go over there and do the best that I could and then sometimes instead of paying me in cash or in addition to that, they were like, "hey, we've got this older computer that's just lying around, "it doesn't work or there's some issue, "oh, it's just so slow we don't wanna use it anymore." And an HP Pavilion very much like this was one of those computers I ended up with and it ended up being the first computer that I had that was, you know, from that century that was in my bedroom. And like y'know, it wasn't great but it was free and it just had this kind of cool look to it. Again, I always thought that these were kind of cool. In fact, the one I had, I think might've looked more like this case design, which came out right after the 6500 Series. I honestly don't remember, but there's something about having a little bit more color and then the doors that open up on front, definitely the one at the bottom I seemed to remember mine having, and this one doesn't, it's just, you know, it wants to come off but it's not supposed to. But yeah, this doesn't like open up, there's no ports up front here. In fact, there's also no ports here. Although some of them did have it. There were models of this with a serial port on front. Interesting. You don't often see front-mounted serial, and then also there were some with front-mounted USB, which perhaps makes a little bit more sense, but you know, it was 1999, 2000. USB was still catching on. And here is an actual ad from the Winston-Salem Journal from December 29th 1999, nine days after my birthday that year. And, yeah, you can see it was roughly 1000-dollar computer, but this is one of those where it was from that era that it was just rebate after rebate after rebate. So they were giving you hundreds and hundreds of dollars potentially, depending on what you signed up for. So there was a Holiday Bundle Mail-In Rebate. And then this Internet Instant In-Store Savings one MSN was doing, $22 basically a month for MSN. And then depending on how many months you sign up for, you know, you get some money back up front, and you know, sure that's still a deal to a degree, but you know you're paying over time. Buy hey, if you were gonna get your dial-up internet anyway, then that's one way to do it, and then you get a computer to actually do it with. I always thought it was a kind of a cool deal. But yeah, you can see it right there, the 6535, and there were all kinds of ads that I found for this thing. Here's one from an Office Depot in the Chicago Tribune, giving pretty much the same deal as that Winston-Salem Journal one. Here's one from the Houston Chronicle. They had all kinds of HPs. But you can see here, yeah, the 6535 was very much the lower end one. This one actually includes the monitor, which I would love to find. But yeah, you can see some competitive, or you know, just other offerings from the Pavilion line. They all pretty much look the same. They're all in the same case but, yeah, like you can go all the way up to the high end spec here, which was just significantly better. So yeah, here's one from the Toronto Star. And yeah, this ad actually shows the monitor pretty well. And you can see that is an HP M50. It is a 15-inch CRT. See right there. So it was often bundled with that or either I think the M70, which is a 17-inch, I wanna say I had the MX50, because when I got this or one like this back in the day, it had a CRT monitor but it looked like this, not like the M50, this is the monitor that came just a little bit after. So, again, I think maybe I just had a later model or it was just a, maybe it was the same tower and they just had a newer monitor. It's all within a year or two. Memories are hazy. But yeah, I would love to get one of those monitors again. I actually do have maybe an M50 on the way, maybe that'll, ugh! Jeez, this thing is heavier than it looks. It might be here by the time this video is finished. Butvyeah, let's just go ahead and well, let me show you what I have in mind, right? Cuz yeah, I don't just have one of these... Through the magic of acquiring two of them, I have another here and it is, oh my goodness, in so much worse condition. But it was a good cheap parts thing that I picked up a while ago. Oh my goodness, the amount of pollen. It was left outside for a couple days while I was moving into this building. Doesn't matter. Mainly I wanted this panel here, although it is, you know, yellowed, right? So I might need to retrobright it or something, it probably won't match. And this doesn't really have a lot in there, although, it has I think the original hard drive, which is awesome. I do want to use this if it still works. Everything else has been taken outta here. In fact, all the cables were just cut, just this poor thing has gone through a fair bit. But you know, a spare motherboard, who knows if that thing still works in this one but it'd be nice if that was an actual working spare. And also, check this out, there is our I/O shield as well as the original modem, and an ethernet card. I don't think that's original to it. Oh, this poor thing. Yeah, there's a decal from earlier, I mentioned Polk Audio speakers with PowerPort technology and one-touch keyboard with internet access. Yeah, we got those two over there somewhere. Focus, focus. There they are. Again, in anticipation for this, I had to pick these up, I mean, because I remembered them, especially these little speakers and this keyboard. Actually, I have the mouse too, so heck yeah. It just completes the whole thing so well. And as far as I know the mouse and the keyboard are actually unused. I got them new old stock sometime ago. Again, just hoping that I would find one of these computers one day, and they were such a good deal. But yeah, here's the internet keyboard with its one-touch internet access, which just means [presses button] there you go, it'll open Internet Explorer or whatever you have going on. But yeah, look at all these things. You got all these like sleep modes and help things and shortcuts to HP stuff and printing. Different URL shortcuts for websites that HP probably had some deal with to put 'em on here. And then your CD/DVD/MP3 controls with volume. This felt so futuristic at the time. I just loved this on this thing. In fact, I remember using this computer when I had it or one very similar to it, mainly as an MP3 player in my room with that KaZaA, probably LimeWire going, Morpheus, whatever. And these little speakers, I don't remember really using them much 'cause I think they were crap. In fact, at the time, I was using this Sharp stereo system, which I've already done a video on. I had that in my room connected to this computer. So, yeah, it was kind of a nice little setup for a bit. And then this, I don't know what they mean about PowerPort technology cuz it's just a standard little 3.5mm connection, but they don't require power. Like it's just amplified by the amp that's built into the speaker output of the motherboard. Greetings from the editing room. Yeah, it turns out this is just Polk Audio's thing. Patented power port technology with flares and diffusers to make sound sound better. You know what? I really doubt the tiny little half-inch holes make that much of a difference, but hey: marketing. So yeah, I really at this point, the main thing I'm looking for is the CRT. And again, maybe it'll show up, it's in the mail. We'll see if it actually shows up in one piece. It could be nice or it could, you know, be like this, honestly, you never know. Yeah. Let's go ahead and just powered on as it is right now and then we'll take some parts from that, put 'em over here, and then if the monitor shows up, great. If not, well, whatever. This is just a fun video before I go on a trip anyway. Not everything needs to be like super involved, right? At least I'm saying so to make myself feel better. [gentle plasticky setup sounds] Amusingly, it doesn't say which is left or right. It does say which one is Elmo. All right. Well, let's just do this thing. I think that's already on. Yeah! It is a rather dim monitor. It might just be the lighting in here. That's obviously one thing I haven't worked out at all yet. Is any kinda lighting, it's just the overhead stuff. Yeah, that is really, really dim. I mean it's still really dim, but it might just be this monitor. It might just be darker than I recall. Can compensate a bit with the camera here. Alright, so it has detected our dark monitor. And wow that is horrendous. That is the worst I've ever seen on one of these. Just looking at frazzled sadness. [laughs at the sadness] Wow! The output of the video on this thing is, I guess, just not very good. This is not normally looking like that on this monitor. Like I know this monitor looks pretty decent normally. At least last time I tested it. Oh man, it's like doing this flickering too. I really do think that is the computer itself, like just the output of that integrated video. I'm gonna try another monitor really quick. I haven't actually brought that many monitors over here yet, so hopefully, this is a little better. That looks just as horrendous to me. It's also like going in and out like, what is going on with this thing? [lovely Windows 98 startup sound] [pleased chuckle] Oh wow, yeah, the flickering on and off is like even worse though. Like what the heck is with that? [taps PC case] At least this monitor's a lot brighter so can have the lights on here. I don't plan to be testing like a lot of things over in this area necessarily. I do have workbenches over there, I'm setting up to do more of this with better lighting, but yeah, I don't know what's going on with the flickering and like yeah, that's terrible. See this is why I wanted a warehouse. I have all the things on-hand all the time. That looks significantly better immediately. It's still doing the flickering though. Might have some marginal capacitor kind of situation going on? I dunno, we need to open this thing up and kind of take a look, cuz I haven't actually gone in there and seen what's what yet, and I don't remember from Billy's video. Yeah, there's still some like, zzz [imitates fuzzy imagery] so let's not do that. [blissful Windows 98 shutdown sound] I love those sounds though. And, yeah, to be sure I'm testing it over here in a workbench, which isn't really ready for prime time yet, but completely different power circuit, no extension cords or power strips or anything in the way to... yeah, just checking the power situation. Yeah, that's still, still looks like crap. Yep. It's doing the flickering on and off, and we got that noisiness around the fine details and everything. The glitching. So something is up with the computer itself, oof. So yeah, this is a workbench area that is very much, like I said, not ready for anything yet. Still putting it together completely. Haven't even put a surface on it. But let's just get this crap taken apart real quick. I wasn't planning on needing this other motherboard but there is one in there in case that's necessary for components or swapping it out or I don't even know what condition that's in. All right, hard disk is still in there. That's cool. And of course, the power supply and everything else is in the way due to this crammed design so you can't see [fart noise] You know, it could also just be the power supply. These Bestecs from this era are not the best tech. Okay! You know, just as a cursory glance, all the caps that I can see are looking fine. Of course, that doesn't mean anything. But they're not leaking or being immediately the worst, so that's something. I would honestly put money on the power supply being a piece of crap. I mean, I know it is. I don't have anything this small on hand to replace it with... irritating. So yeah, I just went back and looked at Billy's video from when he had this computer, and he mentioned the waviness and noise of the output as well. And yeah, theorized that it was probably the power supply failing and I genuinely don't doubt that. I would wanna replace this thing anyway. But yeah, since I don't have one on hand that is in the correct form factor, we'll just have to make do for now. And we can do the other things I was wanting to do for this video. And to start with, I'm just gonna strip down that other one that I had for spare parts and I'll get all the spare parts outta there, including that three and a half inch drive bay panel, the two add-on cards that were in there and the motherboard itself, because I don't know, it actually looks pretty decent so it might be a nice spare to have on hand. And, of course, that I/O panel cover that goes around back. That's going to be very nice to have since HP made their own that were tailored to each specific machine with their own markings and whatnot. Also, cleaned up that little drive bay insert a little bit and it actually ended up looking much better with just a little bit of work. It looks much closer to the gray it should be now. And then, yeah all the drives that were in here, the CD-ROM, floppy, and hard disk, I may as well keep those too, clean them up a little bit. Yeah, I got a warehouse! I can find somewhere for 'em to live. Look at all these spares. And, yeah, I think that front panel is actually going to work nicely once I get that SD card reader outta there. I'm gonna keep it actually, you know, it's gonna still be used in this machine, at least for a little bit, but I just want it to be internal as opposed to on the front and not matching. And yeah, speaking of the front and the sides and the top and everywhere else, I may as well just clean it up while I'm here and went ahead and did that, as well as removing that sticker on top, carefully so that it's not damaged any more than it already is. And then the edges of Scotch tape, yeah I just sliced off the edges of those. And yeah, I'm doing it on top of this table, I don't care. It's been through a hurricane! Also, I don't have my worktop mats out of storage so I'll get those eventually. But onto the machine that we're actually restoring here, and yeah went ahead and took that stupid power supply out of there for good. But this thing is so cramped and smushed in there. And everything is behind other things. Just a tiny little Micro-ATX design. And of course, it makes sense to just remove the motherboard and everything else anyway just to give it a cleaning. And thankfully Hewlett-Packard made it quite easy to do so. It's got one of those motherboard trays and really a whole mounting solution that comes out completely from the side and the back, including the expansion slots. And since I wanted to get the CPU fan and heat sink cleaned out, I just went ahead and pulled that out of there. And it's one of those where it's kind of adhered to the processor. But I had a feeling that was due to the old thermal compound being old, and yeah with a little bit of pressure it came right off of there. And yeah that heat sink and fan were caked with dust as were a number of little corners on the motherboard. So a little handheld electric blower helped on that front. And the old thermal crap scraped right off of there with a plastic scraper and a little alcohol cleaning and yeah, it was looking great. Stuck the Celeron back in there, got some new thermal paste, and there you go. Of course, I had to get the motherboard out of there entirely to get that I/O shield in place where it needs to be, and yeah, that's looking so much nicer already. Yeah, there's not too many other things I really wanna change here. It's mainly the power supply right now, and like I said, I don't have one in the right size so I'm just gonna use this random Apevia that I have. And it doesn't have a -5 volt rail, but that shouldn't be a problem on here. I don't think there's any components that use that. Oh actually, yeah, I almost forgot to take out that little SD card drive thing, which required getting to the other side once again. So I had to take that apart again, pulled right out of there, and that insert for the three and a half inch drive bay is now able to be populated with the right piece of plastic. And I don't know, to me this just looks so much better. I'd rather have it mounted in the back instead. Or in this case, what I'm gonna do is just stick it inside there. I really don't need to be accessing that thing all the time, especially not today. So yeah, I just got the power supply hooked up to the motherboard and the different drives and needed a couple of floppy adapters for both the floppy drive and SD card reader, and that was that. Oh yeah, flawless setup. Let's see if it works. [fans whirring] I hear some fans. Good deal. Don't remember what is it? F1? Okay, delete, F1 one of those. I pressed them both. Alright, so the CMOS battery is working. So presumably been replaced. 32 megs for the-- what? Okay. So it's thinking that the primary master is 32 megs. That would be that SD card reader, and of course that's fine for the CD-ROM. 128 megs of RAM. We're just gonna leave things as they are. And also I'm hearing some kind of noisy fan activity. Yeah, a CPU fan needs to be replaced. If I had another one of those on hand that was that size, I would go ahead and do it. Get a Noctua on there or something, but I don't have one, so I'm gonna have to figure out what size that is. Yeah, what the heck? All right, that's a thing. Oh, with this SD card. Oh, I don't have it plugged into power. I get that would be why I suppose. I know what I'm doing! Okay. Yeah, the little noisy fan really is a piece of junk. Listen to this thing. [fan whirs noisily] Hey, there we go. And yeah, that... video image is looking immediately better. And it's not flickering on or off or anything. That was definitely this crappy, crappy power supply. Gonna throw this thing in the garbage. I mean, it might be worth recapping, I don't know. Yeah, this Bestec ATX 100-5 is what it is. And it's just a hundred watts. I really think I could, you know, go for something like a Pico PSU and just plop that in there. Ah, I don't know. It'd be nice to have something that actually fit. Editing LGR here, and I think it is actually a standard SFX power supply. I was actually thinking it would be slightly odd because it's so similar to the Hot Wheels/Barbie PC One. But the issue with that is that it had the cords coming out in one side over here on those Patriot computers. But this HP one appears to be an SFX but with it actually coming out in the direction that makes sense. So I might just be able to swap in a regular modern SFX power supply, though I'm not opposed to a Pico PSU or something. All right, curious what we got going on in here in terms of-- hey, it's registered to me already. What a nice touch. Thank you, Billy. But yeah, we have, what was I gonna look for? Oh yeah, so it's Intel 810 chipset. Eugh. And some generic Crystal audio. It is DOS compatible I would assume. Yeah, probably, the game device. Yeah, there we go. And there's a little bit of a glitchiness going on with the video there, so I'm wondering if that's still, yeah, it's still doing something strange. It at least like looks visually better for sure, you know? It's not nearly nearly as noisy and wavy or anything, but, all right, all right. It's got one of these MIDI players. [CANYON.MID plays] It's still not great with that flickering going on with the display. MIDI sounded okay actually. So I would be curious to stick a PCI video card in here, just some little GPU. It's going to be better than whatever the heck is in here anyway. But I don't have any on hand. I haven't brought those over from storage yet. So it's saying 21 megs approximate memory, it's just sharing whatever. I thought it said "up to 11," but hey, okay, maybe it's just taking more since we have 128 megs of RAM in here. Okay, well here it's saying four megs and then yeah. Wow, man, it's like glitching worse and worse. Look at that, look at that. What the heck's going on? Yeah, I think we're getting like more visual weirdness the longer it goes. Like there's just that, yeah. You see, you see what's going on. Well, I'm not sure exactly what I'm going to do about that other than, I mean, we could try the other motherboard that I have over there sometime, but I'm kind of running out of time to put this video together, because I am indeed leaving here pretty soon. So I got a couple of games here, a few games, eh? We'll try Dukem-da-Nukem. I think it's uh, yeah, ugh. "M." I don't like an optical drive with M as the drive letter. It just bothers me. Oh goodness. That sounds a little rough too. I think it's just a little bit rattly with all the, you know, it's fine, it's holding itself together and it's working. Well, a little glitchy. Okay, okay. And I think it did have the 330 for that. Nope. Yeah, listen to the cam on the CD-ROM. [drive whirring mechanically] And y'know, I didn't notice the video flickering like this in DOS, so I wonder, I wonder. 220/5/1, okay, it's fine, I already knew that. I'm wondering what this is. Okay, 300, interesting. Well, we should hear it. Oh, couldn't detect FM chip. This is just gonna be one of those like really annoying Crystal sound chips huh? Wow, interestingly crap. Let's just do mono at 44. [odd sound. plays] Whoa. Okay. Okay. What's that? We got some odd results. You know what, I like that, that brokenness of the mono. Let's put it down to like eight kilohertz. Wh-wha-wow, this thing does not know how to scale any of the mixing rate settings at all! Whoa! Fine with stereo, it just sounds crunchy, but if you put it into mono. Let's just see what that sounds like. [weirdly-pitched sounds play] [laughing] Wow, okay. Oh! What? [high pitched gunshots firing] Oh, this is neat! [gunshots firing] Oh that's so great. I don't know why, but I kind of like it. Those alien noises, oh. I gotta say, 'Popgun Duke Nukem' is pretty amusing. It was supposed to be, "no one steals our chicks and lives" and like all you could hear is this. [nonsense plays] Wow. I wonder what some of the other guns sound like. [other gunshots firing] Oh. Still sounds kind of beefy. That's awesome. Okay, well anyway, I didn't expect that, but it's a funky sound chip. These quirks of these things sometimes, you just, you never know what you're going to get. Let's try Moto Racer. Why not? That should be okay on here. [upbeat Moto music] Nice. You get CD audio. - [Menu Narrator] Enter your name! - "Three, "two, "one. Go!" [engines roaring] - All right. So far so good. [motorific gameplay continues] Heck yeah. Quite good results. Time to die! [dies] I figured it would be good with this, but you never know. There could be some strange crap going on and it doesn't seem strange at all. So a total success. Let's go back and try the other, Nerf Arena Blast, cuz that is an Unreal Engine thing from 1999. And is kind of the limit of what I would expect to be able to run on this machine as it is. [crow crowing] Man, what is crowing on out there? All right so, now getting a bit of that visual glitching. What if it is just a Windows thing? This is interesting. But yeah, so we'll just have regular settings here. Not gonna do anything. I mean there's not much else you can adjust really in this game unless you go into the advanced settings, but yeah, just leaving it as-is. Nah, not great performance but honestly it's slightly better than I expected maybe. [blaster firing] - Just immediately get those points. Shoot the targets. [blasters firing] But yeah. Interesting results from this thing all around so far, to be honest. Not what I was quite expecting, but pretty close to what I was expecting when it's working properly. And just out of curiosity, this is a software renderer here, and you know. Also I've just never seen this game run in software rendering, so I was curious what it looked like. - [Competitor] "Hit me with your best shot!" - Like that? Yeah, it definitely still glitches out visually a little bit, but it doesn't seem to be as much. I don't know, it's really hard to tell. It's inconsistent is what I'm seeing across all the results. I mean it might've been doing it in DOS as well. I just didn't notice for some reason. This really does feel like it's doing it less in this mode than it was in direct 3D, but I do not know. Well, anyway, that's pretty much it for this thing at the moment at least for just testing things out and stuff. I do want to see if I can get to the bottom of that video issue, maybe put another GPU in there when I can find one. And then at this point the main thing is really just getting that sticker, well, you know, putting the case back together, and getting that sticker put back on top and have a plan for that. Although, I mean, since it's right here, maybe I could test one of the original hard drives and see if they're at least working. So yeah, I do have this thing scanned in, so if I want to attempt to reprinting a much better quality version, you know, clean it up and then get it looking new again and maybe make my own decal. In the future, that's something I'd like to try to get into is making like, reproduction stickers and whatnot. But for now, I'm just going to make it sticky again with some sticky shtuff. Not perfect or anything, but definitely a flatter than it was and hopefully a little more consistently stuck on there. Yeah, definitely attempting a reproduction decal at some point, I think that would look great. So as for the hard drive to set two cables selected it appears. We got a different cable here we can do. I don't know how well it works with another drive on the same cable. Sometimes these can be finicky with that, but I'm gonna try it anyway. Nah, I'm just gonna do this one on its own for now, see if it even still works and stuff. Okay, it has detected that. Intriguing. Okay, I am going to turn that off and see if we can get 'em both going at the same time. And they are not detected at the same time, which is pretty much what I expected. I don't even see any jumpers on this to select anything, so I'm just gonna swap the cables. Hey, well that worked! No, it didn't! Nevermind. Well all right, so just the hard drive. Okay, there we go. Actually, I seem to remember now, in Billy's video mentioning it had Windows 2000 on there for some reason. [Pavilion whirring] [Win2K startup sound] Well, those are some beautiful noises. And it looks like this thing is like cleared out entirely. Just a stock install. And we're still getting that same visual glitchery. Hmm. And that's happening across all displays. I've tried different operating systems. So whatever's causing that, I mean I'm assuming it's just other components of the capacitors, or whatever's failing. So yeah, definitely want to try the GPU thing at some point. That's I think pretty much it for this video for today. Oh hey, look what showed up. See if this thing survived. Okay, double boxed. I don't know. Paper, packing peanuts, and priority mail packages... Smells weird. Kinda like perfume and air freshener. A little bit of dog... "Frozen pet food." I thought I smelled dogs. Yeah, I'm genuinely surprised and happily so that this appears to be fully intact. It is a little guy. I always forget how small these 15 inchers look. But yeah, it's a 15-inch monitor as opposed to the 17 here. I mean, yeah, still though, it goes with the system. Yeah, it's a little bit dirty but I mean, I'm not seeing anything broken. All the buttons feel good. That's great. Doesn't even look like scratched up or anything. So yeah, this is just for a microphone cuz I believe that right there is the mic and there's like a little webcam attachment thingie up here, and then little speakers, little ears go on the side here. I don't think the speakers I have though, the Polk Audio ones, will do it. I don't have any mounts. But anyway, let's hook this up. Really is just something about having the correct monitor that completes a look of a system. And yeah, the more I look at it, the more it's obvious it is not the correct keyboard for this model. Probably for the one right after. Maybe the same for the mouse and speakers. I mean, I remember having these, but again, I think I had that slightly later Pavilion or just had peripherals from it. I don't know, it was a weird mix of things. Definitely did not have this monitor and this is made for those side speakers. So I'd love to get those speakers, and then maybe use this for another HP Pavilion that would be more correct later on. Get some geometry and color adjustment here soon. But hey, detected, the Pavilion M50. So immediately satisfying. Ah, I love connecting everything. And is that?... [swooshes mic] Microphone is just playing straight through the speakers. Oh, we got some feedback. [indistinct drivethrough speech] It's just set the playback straight through the thing. What is it? 640x480? We'll just leave it there, and we'll see what we've got going on here. What is this minimalist-ass menu? It's the '90s! We've gotta simplify everything and make computers easy. Oh look at those different color modes. Right, so presumably game mode, which actually kinda looks the best to me. Dang, that is as bright as it gets, huh? This is a little bit tired. It'll look good in like a dark room, which I have planned for over there. And setting these kind of things up, man, it's gonna look awesome. Yeah, we don't get a lot in terms of more skewing and taking care of some of these corners and just the overall like geometry is... nyeh. I hope that there's some internal adjustments in there 'cause otherwise that's kind of bad. Actually, let me do this really quick. Oh yeah, this is a crazy good recording right here. Listen to this. Windows 98. "Oh yeah, this is a crazy "Listen to this. Windows 98." Phenomenal. Yeah, that really is it for this video here. And obviously the things still need some work. Need to get that video problem solved. Hopefully, just putting a PCI card in there for dedicated graphics, we'll do it. But I don't know, we'll see. And got spare parts over there, that's great. Still wanna get like things off of the SD card reader onto the original hard drive just cuz I like the sound of it and everything. But yeah, you know. Anyway, hope that you enjoyed this and you know, this kind of testing out this room. And like I said, very much not done yet. This is not the setup that I wanna be using permanently or anything, so don't worry about that. Yeah, still working on it. I just was excited to put the warehouse to the test even if there's not a whole lot of stuff in it yet. Yeah, this is really exciting times for me over here. But, yeah, onto a Vintage Computer Festival and I will be there doing that and come back and make more LGR things soon after. So I hope that you stick around for those and thanks as always for watching.

  Top Comments:
  1. @timbruhnke1558 [1 likes]: I had one of those with an AMD K6-2.
  2. @shanes.6227 [1 likes]: This was (one) of the family pcs growing up. kicked ass
  3. @jakec3172 [1 likes]: This was the first desktop my family owned. Very cool vid!
  4. @slickstretch6391: ...did you try a different display cable?
  5. @RajagopalaRaoS: The quirky sound effects had you playing Duke Nukem for the longest I've seen. Really like the translucent panel on the front of cabinet, gives it an early 2000s 'spacey' look. Loved the video, first time seeing one so close to it being posted. Hope you figure the video issue, look forward to part 2 on this!
  6. @matsui90: 25:33 I had an old car that sounded like that
  7. @theblobjectfish: Oh hey I had one of these!

Technically it was the model right before this but it was basically the same case design, just opaque. It was a hand-me-down from my paternal grandparents and was my first computer, actually! My maternal grandma had one of this exact model. I always liked the see-thru stuff... I wish more Windows machines took on that aesthetic because I adore my iBook Clamshell but you can't really do a ton on that era of PowerPC Mac anymore, almost no games got ported over.

Many hours were spent on mine playing Neopets, posting on forums, playing Lego Island and Worms Armageddon and Street Rod II and Commander Keen... I actually would leave an online radio station playing on mine overnight because sleeping in silence made me uncomfortable. I think it was provided through either Bellsouth or AT&T which were the internet providers my family used.
  8. @Sedan57Chevy: I want to say this was the computer my aunt had when I was a kid. What a nostalgia throwback!
  9. @sburgess3489: no need to feel insecure - I know nothing about computers but I am a big nerd for computing history, and I love putting on videos like this while I work, it's great, relaxing, low key work motivation!
  10. @MishraArtificer: This (or a later model with a hotter Pentium 3) was the family computer for years, running Windows ME well into the XP era. My first PC that wasn't shared with the household was a salvaged Dell Dimension that someone was throwing out.
  11. @RandomInsano2: Mini homage to Computer Reset with all the shelving. Mildly jealous
  12. @schoony415: Glad to see you back! Can't wait for you to be running out of the warehouse completely.
  13. @thraellock: I also had a weird thing going on, I'm temporarily at my sister's house before moving into my dad's and she is letting me use a mini fridge. For a LONG time, like since christmas until maybe a month ago, my screen would black out for a few seconds, just seemingly randomly but it only happened after we moved the mini fridge into the room I'm using. Its fairly close but not on the same power cord or plug ins but maybe the same circuit IE whatevers on the circuit breaker. I think this room was a afterthought way after this house was built and they just use a single circuit for everything in the room. I mean not uncommon. What is the weird thing is the blacking out of the monitor stopped about a month ago. I knew after a while it had to have been the mini fridge because prior to christmas, I had no problem, after it was moved in, I noticed the blacking out (no errors or anything, just screen goes black a few seconds then turns back on, no power loss to the monitor). I could hear the Mini fridge compressor going then it would click off and when it clicked, the monitor went. Happened while playing games or recording something, nothing loss on the video, just monitor loss. I tried to record it to show my friend who is more inclined with hardware type stuff, especially weird stuff but I could never pull out my phone and record to time it since it seemed to be random.

With it stopping that, I'm at a total loss. Just wanted to give that little story, maybe LGR knows what it could have been?
  14. @thraellock: I remember in the mid to late 90s, my mom picked up a 100 mhz computer that was roughly 2000 bucks at the time, She said she had to take a loan out to get it. We just got done building a house which took from 95-96 to complete. My dad is still living there, i'm actually moving back due to job issues, losing my house and being kind of nomadic... anyways that computer is LONG gone. It was a 100 mhz compaq presario if I remember. Big white tower with 28.8k modem, Forget the rest of the specs though. Seeing this around that time reminds me of the era, extremely nostalgic!
I had a friend in high school who had a 56k modem he was upgraded from or he kind of stopped playing games, saying they were a waste of time so he offered to sell me his 56k modem for like $20 bucks. Bought it from him and replaced my 28.8. Could never EVER get 56000 baud on the dial up, it maxxed out around 48000 but most at 42000. Not sure why. My buddy down the road could consistantly dial up at 56k and he was in a old farmhouse! Maybe because he was right on the main drag and I was down a side street? We were both way outside of town, still in the countryside so I dunno.
  15. @zackies_corner: I am thinking about making a new YouTube channel, but I don't even know where to start. I want to talk too much about the 80s Basic computers. At least to start with, the TI-99/4A. Can you give some advice? I think I've got basic video capture, but I think I should get a better microphone.
  16. @eyromano: I need a new lgrwitch
  17. @grupstra: Definitely had this PC back then. Not sure it was the exact model number but close enough. My brother had it as his PC in his room, and when he didn't want it anymore I got it. It was not great but then, but better the the 486 I had in my room we had gotten from garage sales and such (I had a few old dos or win 3.1 PCs as a 9-13 year old. No Internet) so it was great to get a win 98 PC with a modem
  18. @gimmetheacoountplix: I remember my amazement when I burned my first CD. Just amazing. Nero burning rom, easy cd creator, cd burner xp etc. Great times.
  19. @Rustyfingaz: 👍🏽👍🏽👍🏽👍🏽
  20. @por77os: you should try to change the memory, thats the glitching thing.

- The Hook Mistake Every Creator Makes: Kind: captions Language: en Most advice for writing YouTube hooks will tell you to open your video with a pattern interrupt. Ask a provocative question. Start mid-sentence. Create an open loop. I hear that one a lot. And if you do all of that, and your video still lose viewers in the first 30 seconds, well, it's because the advice is treating the symptom, not the problem. I'm going to show you the actual hook problem, and it's not what you're doing in the first 10 seconds of your video. It's what you're doing wrong way before you ever press the record button. Three things. Let's jump in. So, here's what the tricks for writing a good YouTube video hook miss. They assume the hook is a technique to apply to a video. It's not. The hook is a decision you make about the video before you ever film it, before you script it. Sometimes, even before you even know what's in the video. When that decision hasn't been made, [music] no technique is going to save you. It's kind of like putting a fancy frame around a blurry picture. Here's what that actually looks like in practice. Most hooks that don't work open with context, who the creator is, what the video is about, why this topic matters, a quick story about how the creator discovered it. Now, all that is useful information, but none of it is a reason for the viewer to stay. The viewer isn't asking, [music] "Who are you?" in the first 5 seconds. They're asking one question. Is this video worth my time? [music] That question gets answered in the first sentence of your video, or it doesn't get answered at [music] all because the viewer is already gone. Here's the test. Take a look at your last video. Read the first three sentences. Count how many of them are about you, or about the setup, and how many are about what the viewer is going to get. If that ratio is off, if it's wrong, that's your hook problem. The fix isn't a trick. It's a reframe. Stop thinking about the hook as an opening and think about it as the answer to the viewer's question before they've asked it. And that question is, "What's in it for me?" Lead with the value, not the lead up >> [music] >> to the value. You have at most 7 seconds before a viewer decides to invest time in your video. Seven, that's it. The context can come later. The value, the what's in it for me, has to come first. Now, this second thing is where a lot of otherwise solid creators get stuck. A hook is not an introduction to your video. It's a commitment to the viewer. There's a meaningful difference. An introduction says, "Here's what we're going to talk about." And many creators just stop there. A commitment continues saying, "Here's exactly what you will walk away with if you stay." >> An introduction is about the video. The commitment is about the viewer. Now, I know what you're thinking. Wait a minute, Mike, aren't those the same thing? Well, they can be. But here's the thing. The moment you get vague about what the viewer gets, you've written an introduction, >> not a hook. Today, we're talking about video hooks is an introduction. By the end of this video, you'll be able to diagnose exactly why your hooks are losing viewers and fix it before your next upload is a commitment. Specificity, being specific is the hook. It's not a technique, it's not a format. It's being specific. The more precisely you can describe what the viewer will know or be able to do when the video is over, the more reason they have to stay. And here's the really cool part. A specific hook not only increases your chances of getting the viewer to stay, it also makes the video easier to make because you've just written your own brief, your own synopsis. You know exactly what the video has to deliver. Now, when you're planning your video, every section either serves that commitment or it doesn't. So, the hook isn't just for the viewer. It's a constraint, a a guardrail that makes the video better. All right, this third thing, this is the root of all of it. This is where the problem actually starts. The real hook problem isn't what you say in the first 10 seconds. It's that most creators write the hook after they've figured out the content. They film the video, then they figure out how to open it. Or they script the body of the video, and then they drop a hook on top of it. That's backwards, and it's why the hook never quite lands because it was slapped on as an afterthought, not strategically built in. So, here's how to fix it. Before you film anything, write one sentence. Not a title, not a topic, a sentence [music] that completes this thought. If you watch this video, by the end you will know or you will be able to Now, if you can finish that sentence with something specific and genuinely useful, congratulations, you have a hook. Now, if you're struggling to finish that sentence, you don't have a video yet. You have a a subject, a topic. Now, this isn't about making the hook long or elaborate. The sentence I just gave you could be your entire opening. Clean, direct, done. The length of the hook doesn't matter. It's having a clear, specific commitment that does. You know, I've watched a lot of creators, including myself, sit down to film without being able to finish that sentence. And what ends up happening? You end up with a long-winded intro and a meandering structure and retention falls off a cliff at the 2-minute mark. >> Damn. It's not a coincidence. The hook problem was never a wordplay problem. It was always a clarity problem. The first 30 seconds just happens to be the spot where it shows up. So, here's the actual hook problem in a nutshell. It's not your pattern interrupt. It's not your pacing. It's not that you forgot to ask a question in the first 5 seconds. It's that the hook is the last thing you think about instead [music] of being the first. It's that you're opening with context when the viewer is asking, It's that you're writing an introduction when what the viewer needs is a commitment. Fix those three things. Lead with value, make a specific commitment, write the hook before you film, and the first 30 seconds stop being the place where your videos fall apart. They become the reason people stay. The hook isn't a technique. It isn't a trick or a hack you apply to a video. It's a decision you make about it. So, make that decision first. So, if that reframe, that new way of looking at YouTube hooks, changes how you approach your next video, subscribe to the channel. There's a lot more of this kind of thinking behind the work coming in future videos. I'll see you in the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @80sJoes [2 likes]: Changing my perspective on hooks from "making an introduction" to "making a commitment" is a game-changer for me. Thank you!
  2. @upsd402 [2 likes]: Great points.  Keep it simple, and brief.  Time is a very valuable commodity.
  3. @TheShortenedSeam [1 likes]: Your channel has been the best resource for me as a new creator. Thanks so much for the great content! I still have a lot to learn, but it's a process. I hope you'll eventually put out some videos on Davinci Resolve as well. I'm not ready to make that move, but recently had an audio issue with iMovie that only Resolve would fix. Thanks again!
  4. @catrinejohnson [1 likes]: Thanks, I'll try! Do you have a video on how to get viewers to even click on the video, I guess thumbnail, title and description.
  5. @TheTraditionalOutdoorsman [1 likes]: Thank you! That was the most articulate description of how a hook is created, and how important it is to create the video based on the hook, instead of the other way around! Perfect!
  6. @dennisgoldman7160 [1 likes]: now I finally know what Youtube analytics is talking about .....I have been meandering thru this whole process of learning .....thanks for clearing this up .....good video
  7. @Woodenshoe-droning [1 likes]: Very good information. Thank you.  I am starting to get there but a long ways to go and this will help
  8. @GrandpaChuckstorys [1 likes]: Thank you for saying this is a way you broke through my thick head. I think I now "get it." I have spent a lifetime working blue-collar or gray-collar, I guess it is called now. So switching after retirement to my Grandpa Chuck channel has not been easy for me. But this video, along with what a friend told me just this morning, I think, is starting to seep into my head about how to proceed with my hooks. I think you have made it sound so simple. Just keep it about what is in it for the viewer. I scrapped the video I had planned to shoot today, and I will be working on the hook, then the script, for my next video. But first, I'm gonna watch this very well-made video again. Thanks again, and BTW, I subscribed so I can learn more.
  9. @susanrae8744 [1 likes]: I wish I would have seen this before I spent so much time watching countless other videos on multiple channels- trying to figure out how to craft a good hook. 
You simplified it and I feel much less overwhelmed by the subject. Thank you -as always-for the amazing advice!
  10. @michaelkinney: Three principles in the video — but the one that changes how you write everything is Principle 3. If you only take one thing from this, make it that one.
  11. @GrantSR: Do you remember when I said that you need to make more videos about making videos, from your unique perspective?   I am sooooo  glad you are finally doing that. 

I cant wait till you do videos about maintaining engagement, without engaging in the standard BS trickery and manipulation that most YouTube "advice givers" suggest. Remember, those scenes where you put your face inside the UI of the software itself and then literally pointed up to where you are doing a thing with the mouse cursor. Things like that. Things that made it feel like a real person was standing over my shoulder, pointing out the thing I missed on the screen.
  12. @GrantSR: I stopped at 0:55 because I want to guess what those three things are:

1) Know what you want to say.

2) Know how that will actually help the viewer.

3) Know how you are going to say what you want to say, in a way that will actually help the viewer.

Now, let's see if I am right.....


OK, so kinda close. but not exactly. I think all six are important and overlap a lot.
  13. @JoeKoonz3Photography: Thanks for this. I'm new to the video game, and your vids are extreme helpful and well done.
  14. @Celeste-in-Oz: 3:10 slightly sped up to sound like someone else 😂 gave me a giggle. Great vid - demonstrating what you’re saying ✨
  15. @ajedreznoventa: Hi Michael, thank you for your video, as always very insightful.
  16. @PhongNguyen-m1x: This is really helpful, thanks alots
  17. @shawnsgarden3742: Great advice Mike..
  18. @DarkVeilTales: I like what you're saying.  How would you apply this to my horror stories?
  19. @MatthewDarbro-u6k: I love this. But question, what about short story or music video?
  20. @ImpliedMusic: this advice is gold.

- 5 MORE Editing Mistakes YouTubers Do That I Hate...: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] when i was younger i knew i wanted to be a youtuber and so my instinct was to study filmmaking so i went to a fancy film school where they taught me the rules of traditional media i didn't want to do traditional media i wanted to do youtube and the rules are totally different the majority of media we now consume is web content a still brand new form of media with whole new rules that go against traditional media yet we still don't pay enough attention to what those rules are so this is me talking about some of those rules here's five more rules that traditional media doesn't teach you but you should technically know if you want to be a youtuber that was a really long title number one the jump cut the jump cut is all about pacing and pacing is the most important tool that you can use to keep your audience engaged imagine how boring it would be if we never cut out those silences in between it would suck however it's easy to assume that a jump cut is an easy cut just wait until you stop speaking find the next point where you start speaking roughly cut out that status in between and call it a day no no no no no don't leave that little moment of silence in between cuts it affects the pacing of the video and most importantly it negates the reason for a jump cut what you need to do is have both the last syllable and the next cuts have the first syllable as a j-cut to begin at the same time if it sounds unnatural or jarring simply experiment by extending the b-side by one more frame until it sounds clean and immediate what's the point of an effective jump cut if the rest of your content slows it down youtube is full of cliche drone shots hoppy montages slow motion for the sake of slow motion but if these shots do not contribute towards the progression of your story you've created an unmotivated sequence so if you do a drone montage but with no context as to why the video slows down the view gets bored they click off that means that drone montage that you think is cool isn't a web content video's number one rule is to have a clear and consistent motivation to what happens next the cuts that happened directly before it needs to inform the cut that comes after it the best example i can make is the one i did in logan paul vlogs he always ensures that a sequence is motivated with context and reason we're on our way to joseph's house right now but first there's a couple things we got to do i love you baby you served me well this doesn't mean remove all of your best shots it simply means ensure your shots have a justifiable reason to be present it's so easy that when you're working for an edit and you stumble upon an idea that really excites you that you don't focus all of your energy and time in making that great so that's your mistake let's say you have a deadline seven hours to finish this video and you've just spent five hours on this one segment so now you only have two hours to finish the rest of the video you screwed up that idea that excites you do it last first get through all of the boring work that you'd rather not be doing because now that you have something to look forward to this is going to give you agency to get through all of that boring stuff this animation took me a considerable amount of time what ended up being a six second segment but it was actually the last thing i did i made sure the entire video was done first before i even started this animation it's not just cool effects that waste your time one of the biggest banes of editing is actually finding the right music track and so it's understandable but a mistake if you find a track and go well that'll do i guess but that is the problem music is the biggest influence in creating the feeling of your video what i mean by feeling is the quality of the emotional experience created by the content and the best way to diminish that quality is by choosing the wrong music everything kind of falls apart it can feel naked unpolished and well quite frankly awkward what you have to do is carefully curate the music for each video what's very important to perfect but very easy to get wrong is the feeling that you create with your choice of music but what is the point of good music good montages and good jump cuts if you don't have a good idea oh that's the hardest part where do you even get a good idea the answer is surprisingly obvious steel let's say there's a piece of content that you watch and the experience it gives you resonates it has a profound and memorable effect on you on what it is that you enjoy it's natural when you fall in love with a piece of content that you want to copy it so copy it what you experience in life what content you specifically enjoy what resonates with you on a creative level and influences you will mean that you will not create an exact copy since your voice and your personality is unique it will make it your own to prove my point most good ideas are two to three previous ideas that are stitched together every piece of new media exists because it's been influenced by something they've seen before you should be watching content looking for stuff to steal and stitch together for me i'm constantly watching youtube and looking for stories techniques and effects for me to steal this transition was inspired by the marvelous mrs maisel this scene was inspired by scott pilgrim i literally just copied the sound design from batman and you all loved it because the biggest thing you have to give is yourself no matter what you do you and your eunice will shine through it doesn't matter if it's been done before because you're the one who's doing it and you will make it unique we know what content ideas you're uh planning of borrowing i'll see you next time

  Top Comments:
  1. @Yustimm2 [57 likes]: oh ig i keep making this jump cut mistake... i should reedit my recent vid in movavi using ur method, thanks!
  2. @HillierSmith [38 likes]: I have an editing class! Sign up here:  https://hayden-hillier-smith.mykajabi.com/edit-like-an-artist
  3. @sarzie31 [1 likes]: W
  4. @hayhay9462: I’m gonna copy copy copy
  5. @StevenBucao-s6i: but how to get those music they used?
  6. @Qtrazaa-iq: Thanks bro❤ so much love❤️
  7. @ChrisProuse: Well said ❤
  8. @Untoldanimations: I know some YouTubers who do listen to their licensed music library as if it were Spotify and it’s weird as hell but I get why
  9. @thetabletopskirmisher: All 5 points are EXACTLY the same as what you'd do in traditional media as well 🤣🤣🤣
  10. @RohanGamer_all_skills: Hello Hiller, 💙

I hope you’re doing amazing! First of all, I just want to say how much I admire you. The way you edit, teach, and share your knowledge is truly inspiring. Every time I watch your work, it feels like I’m not just learning about editing, but also about creativity, storytelling, and discipline in life.

Honestly, I’m in love with your craft — the passion and effort you put into everything is something I deeply respect. I also want to be very honest with you: I’ve been dreaming about joining your course since the day I heard about it. I feel like it could change my entire journey as an editor. I’m literally dying to be a part of it because I know it has the potential to transform my skills and career.

But right now, I’m in a situation where I cannot afford it for at least another year. Still, my heart and mind are already enrolled — I think about it every single day, and I’m determined that one day, no matter what, I will join your course.

Until then, I just want to thank you for the free content, the value, and the motivation you constantly provide. You are shaping the next generation of editors, and I’m truly grateful to learn from you, even from a distance.

With love, respect, and huge admiration,
Rohan 💙
  11. @MrSzoSs: not necessarily everything is influenced by others, original ideas can just be very difficult to come up with. If you go deeper than that then pretty much anything has ever been influenced by everything since the beginning of time.
  12. @Cashframe_co: Great
  13. @AlanSebastianGeorge: This video is crazy amazing ❤ Genius
  14. @brads.3674: Your rules. Not everyone's.
  15. @NETOONS: Wow
  16. @Dylan_McKay07: No, you're crying... not me. Great video, great message in the end.
  17. @sobartakalage: your thumbnail is booring
  18. @bricbrac246: this is worth a sub 
. sorry not planning to give you one but you deserve it so much i cant really ignore the sub button
  19. @PurgatoryAdventures: i love this channel i accidentally found this channel and im happy i did its given me lots to think about that ive never thought about before in video editing
  20. @Yelavo: But it is also often better if you come up with your own idea if there are already hundreds of other "Copies". It will make your video stand out and make the viewer think. "Oh. Whats this? I have never seen this. Let's see what it is."

- Shorts Genius Shares Everything She Knows (Jenny Hoyos Interview): Kind: captions Language: en I don't ask if it'll go viral I can figure out how to make it viral that is an absurd thing to say that's Jenny Hoyos an 18-year-old YouTuber who is absolutely crushing shorts she's done over 600 million views in the past year alone averaging 10 million views per video how does she do it I have analyzed thousands of shorts I've analyzed all of Mr B shorts all of Ryan Tran's shorts and what I found was in this episode you'll learn how to make anything go viral I think you can make a video about anything it's just adding and how to create the perfect short every second counts on a short like every single second whatever you say you're going to do you end it right after you do it the difference is in short form content platforms short form content is not the same across platforms I noticed that YouTube likes and a hot take you might not be expecting retention doesn't matter as much as people think it does you said this kind of aside you said well I can make anything go viral like if the idea is good I can make I can make it go viral which is an absurd thing to say and I want to hear what that means to you how do you how do you make anything go viral it's just adding story and a Twist especially with shorts since like no one's actually having to click on your video I think you can make a video about anything you can make video about paint drawing and you can make make it entertaining if there's a story around it and if the viewer is invested what are your favorite ways to get people invested how do you how do you make a story that people care about I think my content is very personality based I'd say so for me making it personal makes them invested I'll give you an example I actually did this in a long form in the video I cooked for strangers to make money okay very Baseline why should they care well my kitchen is broken and I want to raise money for it by cooking and making money you know it's it's ironic like I'm my kitchen's broken so in order to fix it I have to cook to make money so I think that's what makes people invested having like some sort of personal why or goal and irony too is pretty funny I like that I like that irony jux to position Jenny's the hero of the story exactly what makes a good short when I think of good it's very subjective so there's no direct definition as to what makes a good short because everyone has different taste but I can say what makes a good short to me okay let's hear that to me a good short is one that has a strong hook as the way I like to explain it is if it could be used as a title in thumbnail on a long form and like it will still get clicks then it'll work for a short you know so the hook needs to be very visual you need to understand it without even listening to it and it needs to be so simple like so simply said like you said explain to a 5-year-old so I think that's one of the key things and then also just a story that just you know pushes you through and not only do you watch to the end but you rewatch it again so that's what makes a good short to me let's say that you are planning or want to create a new video how do you start thinking about hooks or how do you generate hooks it's it's very funny because I like to I like to see shorts like as like even though I don't do that many long forms I like to see shorts as if I'm making like a long form so like I will sketch like almost as if it's tied on thumbnails so like I have my iPad and I draw like what would I visually want it to look like what are different ways if I was to put it together what would that look like so when I'm making a hook I just like keep drawing and sketching or like even just imagining until something just clicks so the first thing is the visual easily the first thing is the visual and then I figure out how I'm going to accompany that Visual and what I'm saying I try to make it as concise as possible and I'll put it in a readability Checker and then make sure that it's actually like understandable to at least like fifth grade or under H what's what's the readability Checker that you use uh I don't I don't know I don't pay for it it's readability formulas. comom is the one I use and you want to be fifth grade or under fifth grade or under yeah have you have you played around with things that are uh older quote unquote than that and seeing that that's the level that it should be at or how did you arrive at fifth grade yeah so I have analyzed thousands of shorts as you may know so I've like scraped you know the scripts of a bunch of shorts and and I've put it in this readability Checker and I've noticed that the most popular shorts especially Mr Beast you know Mr Beast is one of the best shorts creators and his is like in first grade level so I just basically like after scraping everything that's when I realized like fifth grade and under is like about the range you want to be at yeah I think yeah that's a simply foot yeah how did you land on fifth grade was that the average of all of these I'm not going to lie the readability can sometimes be off but it was um it was just like at a range cuz I I believe like like a for example is like slightly higher I don't know the exact number in the top of my head but I I just noticed that like a good in between as fifth grade but I will say the problem with the readability is especially like with content like mine you can change the readability from fifth grade to like e8th grade by simply using the word business which is why I try to avoid things like that or if you use the word Finance or if you use like for example profit instead of saying profit I just explain the definition of profit every time I talk about it I did know this about you I did not know that you analyze thousands of shorts by scraping the titles and the transcripts can you tell me more about that yeah so it's so funny because like basically the way I do it is you know when you go on to YouTube and you open up a short it sends you like even on desktop it sends you to like this shorts page or whatever but if you change the url to like watch question mark V equals then the URL then it will send you to like the actual YouTube page and then you can just click transcript copy and paste that transcript and then I just check the readability but I also like check other things you know I just analyze why these shorts are working so interesting so interesting I I would love to hear anything else that comes to mind as you were looking at all this that started to help you pull together your own short strategy because I did not realize that you had done all this research and pulled all this together this gets me very very excited as the Creator Science Guy I am super excited about this this research yes so I've also like deeply analyzed all of my videos and I think that's where you learn the most everyone has different audiences so what works for Mr Beast might not work for me right so what I did is like I did my own little experiment like when I knew I wanted to get into shorts I told myself I was going to upload every day for as long as possible and I think I only got like a week or two in it didn't it I didn't I didn't get that far but the goal was essentially to upload as much as possible quantity is what makes quality when I was doing that quantity I would analyze my retention graph and this is just like one example I'll just pull out for you so there was one video after 5 days I got I think it was like 50,000 views in 5 days right which I on average I usually get like a million so I was not happy with the performance and I pulled up the retention graph and I noticed on the last second it was a huge dip it was 70% 1 second later it was 45% like a 25 % drop in 1 second and the retention was 83% so what I did was I went to YouTube Studio I trimmed off that 1 second YouTube removed this feature by the way YouTube please bring it back but just by removing that one second at the end it went from 83% to 88% and the video went flying and that that's why like every second counts on a short like every single second because when you think about it let's say you have a 30 second short right if you lose 1 second that's already 90 7% That's three percentages you know if you have lose two seconds that's 6% so when you think about it I'm sure it's like you're not just losing one second you're losing double or even triple because that one second accumulates to two or 3% of the video the takeaway here I believe is that you really want in a short high retention of course we want High retention and everything but I've heard some people talk about you really want people to sometimes Loop and watch even into a repeat of the thing is that true yes yes and I'll explain why the average scroll through rate which is basically like on YouTube shorts you can see what percentage who like what percentage of people viewed versus swiped away and I like to call it scroll through rate but the average scroll through rate is like 70% you want to get that as high as possible my personal scroll through rate is like 85% so my average scroll through rate is 85% but my average retention is 95 5% if only 85% of people are watching it how does the retention subtly get to 95% it's because they're rewatching it so to have that like 90 plus per retention which is like in my opinion the bare minimum like for a short uh blow up you need them to watch it again so 90% is your benchmark that's what you're looking for for retention for something that will have the the virality and reach that you're accustomed to at this point for the most part yes I will say it depends on the amount of Impressions because my videos average like 95% retention but we're talking like that's on 10 million views so that's like it's very difficult to do right so yeah okay so you mentioned that with the hooks you think about the visual nature of it are you talking about the first frame of the actual video yes I'm talking about the first frame I don't know how many shorts you've seen so I'll try and to explain it I I've seen more than one but less than you so let's let's assume on the yeah so I have this series where I remake fast food items for a dollar instead of like showing my face I show the location I show the front of the location because obviously like more people know the fast food location than they know me the easiest way to describe like the video just visually is by showing the fast food item in front of the location so usually it's so funny I would have the logo in the middle and then I'll put the food item here and and then right in the middle I'll put like $1 burrito $1 sandwich $1 Burger so then it's like you perfectly see it it's always perfectly aligned and it really helps for bability too because it's actually a playlist and I get a lot of views from people like just like watching it down and they they just know it's me every time they see that framing so interesting was this all trial and error or did you model this this style of of Framing and hook off of anyone in particular it's Ely like pry and error at first I started by I guess you can say stealing like stealing like an artist cuz that's how to me I I believe that's how you learn sure you obviously want to find your own style but I started by like copying other people's Hooks and then I was looking at like Which percentage is the highest so I it sounds so funny so like a a strategy a technique is like what would it sound like if this YouTuber made this video and then I would make a bunch of hooks depending on that so I'll have like a list of like the big 10 and then I'll just like you know have a bunch of different hooks pick which one's my favorite see the percentage and then assess what's the best hook then I made my own twist into it after a quick break Jenny walks me through her process for coming up with great ideas so stick around we'll be right back if you know me you know how much I believe in memberships my membership is the core of my business and I believe that earning a living directly from your audience is one of the most sustainable ways for for you to become a professional Creator as well so I want to tell you about today's sponsor uscreen uscreen is a beautiful all-in-one platform that helps content creators earn a living from their videos by unlocking predictable recurring Revenue you can host private live streams for your members build an OnDemand catalog of Premium video content and uscreen gives you a community Hub to interact with your members too they can access your community from their mobile phone so your membership is right there in their pocket with a uscreen account you get video hosting an outof the-box website full payment and subscription management and plenty of thirdparty Integrations too and new screen makes it easy to get set up you get access to powerful website themes that are fully brandable with no coding skills required uscreen is the platform for building a video membership site that is great for generating a sustainable income stream for professional creators to try you screen click the link in the description and let them know that Jay sent you what would you say is your proportion of like video ideas to videos you actually create oh gosh well I have like right now in a Google doc I have a list of a thousand ideas crazy and I'm only doing 10 crazy so so these are Depends these are a thousand ideas not a thousand hooks a thousand different video ideas that could each have multiple different hooks within them yes it's it's it's crazy yeah where do they come from how do you generate that many ideas okay there's a lot of ways so one way is I just watch YouTube and then see what I personally you know like want to recreate and like twist or it's like what video do I want to watch or um as funny as it sounds I also use ai ai has some pretty good ideas but the best ideas at least for me personally they come from just living it and then thinking this is a video idea so let me explain that so one of my most popular videos is me making a garden as funny as it sounds cuz that sounds like it would get no views yet it has like I think it has like 30 million views like so that's a ton there's so many ideas where something like this happened one day I was eating Ratatouille because it's like one of my favorite foods right and I'm like I can't believe like it costs $20 to cook and I'm like but can't I just make a garden and then have unlimited Ratatouille for like five bucks and I'm like oh my gosh that's a video idea so I'm like now I got to make a garden and then I'm going to grow vegetables to have infinite Ratatouille because it's my favorite food so like that's where the story came from or like another time my grandma it was so funny she got like like I think it was like laundry detergent in the mail or whatever like free laundry detergent and I'm like how'd you get free laundry detergent that's like 30 bucks and she was like oh I called the company and I complained to them I told them that they suck and they sent me free laundry detergent and I'm like that's a video I got to do that so it's like you know just things that I live and then I'm like that needs to be a video those are my best ideas so how do you go from a th000 ideas to narrow it down to 10 what is the deciding factor of which videos make the cut yeah so I would say I narrow it I narrow it down to like like let's say we have 100 because 100's like an easier number to work with so let's say we have 100 ideas I'll narrow it down to like 25 25 to 50 that's usually just based on like the first thing I ask myself is do I want to make it I don't ask if it'll go viral I can figure out how to make it viral if I really want to make it so first I tell myself do I actually want to make this is this actually logistically possible and then it's like is the hook good is the mechanism good are people going to rewatch this then that's when I look at like where's the virality aspect in this then I'll bring it down to 25 then from there I'll send it to um my video editor who's also like he's just like he's really involved in the channel so he's not just a video editor he's also like a strategist because you know he's he he knows a lot about YouTube and um I'll send it to him and he'll bring my 25 to like 10 and he'll basically he'll go in and tell me like even further if it actually seems viral if he thinks it's sharable but for him like he's really good at telling if if a concept is simple yet complex if that makes sense M mhm you mentioned a word a second ago you said is the mechanism good what do you you mean by mechanism if they're going to be pushed to the end so like a good example is Mr Beast the red circle like is it like last leave Circle wins $500,000 the mechanism is the circle is constantly closing so the viewer is watching till the end so if if it was just like the circle wasn't closing I don't know if anyone watch to the end they'll just skip to the end probably interesting what are some of the mechanisms that you've used I think this is the easiest one that anyone can apply it's basically saying there's three steps or there's three things we need to do because it's very easy to follow and you just showed the list of three so now the viewer knows that oh we're getting closer to the video like they actually have a good expectation which is probably one of the biggest things I think that's I think that's why my videos like go viral it's because people have a good expectation of what they're going to watch and what's actually going to be at the end so when it comes to expectations if you set expectations do you find that then the the next step is completely following through on those expectations or do you ever try to like subvert expectations for an element of surprise or something I try to follow those expectations but then have a twist for example I gave my mom a $5 Mother's Day gift the hook was my mom's Never Had A Mother's Day gift so I'm going to change that and buy her the best present with $5 it was it was the why making them car in the hook my mom's Never Had change that then the expectation is so I'm going to surprise her with a gift for $5 and on screen I'm showing me giving her the gift but you're going to see that till the end so it's like it's the the cold open and then we cut to the video so the expectation is by the end of the video you're going to see me give her a gift so then I follow through make the gift and then I surprise her now I gave them the expectation I closed the loop that I'm going to surprise her with this gift but the twist was she ended up dropping the gift it broke and then she's like you're the best daughter I've ever had I'm like I'm your only one video ends so it's like yeah I I gave that expectation that I'm going to gift her and then we just Twisted it at the end how long would you say on average your shorts are oh I know exactly the answer because I've done the analysis okay what's the answer it's it's exactly 34 seconds because my most popular videos are exactly that length so I try to make it exactly that length that was going to be my next question was to say do is that now your your benchmark for what you're looking for in a video 34 seconds yes so yes everyone's is different everyone got to analyze it like for their their own channel and I think I've seen well I was in uh I was in Pat Galler's accelerator and he showed some research that he had done to show like depending on your short length this is the bar for retention you should be shooting for so I'm guessing that 90% retention is also related to the average total length of your videos whereas if it shorter maybe you need retention to be higher to achieve the same virality exactly yes correct so for me for my personal Channel like I said like there's no specific number I think everyone just has to check out their analytics but for me I noticed if a short is less than 30 seconds it needs to it has to have over 100% retention or else it's not going to take off so that's why I like to make it slightly longer but too long is too long for my audience since I do have a very young audience if you know that you want your videos to be about 34 seconds I'm thinking if it's 34 seconds and you know that you want your last second retention to be really high it seems like the payoff is like literally the last second so now we got 34 33 seconds to work with you probably know how long your hook generally is so maybe that's you know 3 seconds or 5 seconds and you have this remainder of 28 to 30 seconds in the middle do you break that down into specific pieces of the mechanism or is that just kind of whatever happens in the edit yeah so it's usually whatever happens in the edit but what I do check is before I film the video I will do a rough script even if it's not even what happens in the video like I'll just roughly you know do it and I can just change it later and from there I'll have a sense of how long it is just from the word count but I don't necessarily force it I just let it free flow like you said in the edit but I do have a rough idea of the word count and my Hooks and foreshadow I always do that in every video I do a hook and then I foreshadow which is two lines and that is usually 3 seconds or less and foreshadow you're saying that's in that's in the voiceover because I know you mentioned like that the example of your your mom's gift when you see her grab the package that's foreshadowing in a way but that's completely visual you're saying you dedicate some spoken time to foreshadowing as well yes I always have spoken time to foreshadowing it like it doesn't matter what video idea it is like like like let me just pull up like a random idea like I'm going to the beach right and then it's like why would someone watch so that's the hook I'm going to the Beach and what's the foreshadow I'm going to the beach and I'm going to surprise someone with $100 at the end of the video it could literally be with anything it just needs to have some sort of expectation I want to keep going down this the structure Rabbit Hole a little bit more because I keep finding new layers like I didn't know foreshadowing is part of your structure so is there anything that comes after the hook and foreshadowing that is a structural part of every video yes there actually is so it will usually be hook which is really short then I'll foreshadow what's going to be at the end then I have to smoothly transition so I used to have like a lot of breaks cuz you want to give people time to breathe right because you don't want to be like I'm going to be doing this and this and this and this the video's over I didn't like they they're not going to understand anything so you want a pacing break without the pacing actually breaking let me explain what I mean by that this I did this in my recent video so it was like McDonald's banned this item hook so I'm gonna make it at home then convince them to put it back on the menu That's the foreshadow and then at first I wrote let's get started but that breaks pace so instead of saying let's get started I said so I cooked illegally that that just flows better so I I don't want to give like cuz I already gave like two crucial pieces of detail so if I give any more detail they're just going to forget about that like pracy recency if you I can get into that so it's like they're going to forget what I just said so we need a pacing break without the pacing actually breaking if that makes sense yeah totally okay let's keep going down this this Trail is there is there more structural pieces past the transition usually it's just like problem solution or but therefore storytelling okay tell me more about but therefore storytelling basically but there but therefore storytelling simply put is just lots of change in the story so a story stories can't be stories without change for example I went a walk then it started raining then I went back home it was much more boring than if it was like I went on a walk but it started raining therefore I started running back home and I I it was raining all over me but good thing I had a handy umbrella while I was on my way back therefore I got home like it's the exact same story but it just sounds so much more intriguing when you have like but and then so or but therefore I'm so glad that you're able to like whip up these examples on the Fly this is must be very stressful the the spots I'm putting you on but you're just like I got it yeah so if I'm thinking from an order of operation standpoint I'm I'm making some assumptions I'm realizing and I want to make sure I'm correct in them it sounds like you have ideas first then you narrow that down to a small number of ideas and ultimately a video that you say yes this idea my editor and I have decided is a good one uh you come up with versions of the hook and then it seems like you you start recording and after recording you start editing and then after editing comes the transcript for the voiceover did I get that right you were close you were close like you said ideas then I find that one idea then I'll write my hook then I'll write the last line so I always know the last line when I'm going to film then I'll go back and then after the hook I figure out how I'm going to foreshadow that I I will always have the hook for so I always have two lines so it'll be like hook foreshadow end um but in between it would be like it depends on the video sometimes it will be a rough script like we were saying so I can have that structure in mind or it will just be bullet points of things I want to touch on while I'm filming then I will film once I filmed I will revisit the script again revise it finalize it then it goes and edit how do you write the last line without knowing what comes out in the filming it's you'd like leave it in blank so it would be like for example if I'm surprising someone with a gift the last line would be then like it's so simple then I surprised my mom and and then blank so it's usually reaction just to have a general idea yes yeah exactly yes okay I was watching your videos this morning and I I was like really I I took note of the fact that they all end very abruptly but like not in a way where I'm like what happened it's it's like it's pleasing but it is abrupt and we already talked about how you you kind of learned this and you trimed it off but it is like and I surprised my mom and you know and then and then her reaction and then end you mentioned a moment ago that the age of your audience is typically a little bit younger how much do you think about who the audience is when you think of ideas you know because in my world to step back a second in my world a lot of times folks have like a very specific Avatar that they're creating for who's trying to achieve some sort of specific goal I don't think that's the same in more of the entertainment space so i' love to hear to what level of detail you think about an audience member in your mind yeah that's everything Avatar is everything so for me I will think of like specific people so I will think of like me when I was younger I'll think about like the these are my favorites to think about by the way my my my nieces are 10 years old 10 I have two nieces that are seven and 10 and they just moved to America last year so they barely understand English and that's that's who I want to speak to it's it's very tough because they might not be interested in the topic but if I can make them interested and especially if it makes sense to them as non-english speakers then it's probably really good so that's the way I see it it's not necessarily thinking of like their their dream their desires but more so how can you speak to them I just it just I don't know if that makes sense because it's like it's it's different it it makes sense it's interesting for me to hear because I just don't speak to folks on the more entertainment side of the Creator world as often so actually I'm just coming at it from Natural Curiosity to hear how you do think about it I would imagine at the level of views you're getting tens of Millions on these on these videos it's a broad spectrum of people who are looking at this so who you who do you choose as the core of yes people outside of this type of person maybe it's my nieces will watch this but I'm making it for this person in particular I didn't know if you had that specificity or not like I said I do and I don't so it's in the sense of like I it's mainly like my younger self which is like kind of weird because I can't actually my younger yourself can't actually watch it but that's like the way I think of it if that makes sense yeah for sure for sure can we talk a little bit about Instagram reals and Tik Tok and how you think about those because a lot of times people think short form vertical video it's same everywhere choose wherever you're leading and then just post it to all three and it's clear that your your YouTube is is much bigger than the other two platforms and those other platforms are much bigger than mine so that's not any judgment on you but I'm curious what you're hearing or what you're experiencing in terms of how this does or does not translate hey real quick before they respond I want to let you know that there are bonus Audio Only episodes of Creator science that air every Tuesday when we don't publish a video episodes like number 156 where I talk with my editor Connor about our first year on YouTube or number 37 with Oli abdal if that's interesting just search for Creator science wherever you listen to podcasts all right back to the show yeah so sh from content is not the same across platforms and I know this because I used to do very well on Tik Tok before I was doing well on YouTube In fact when I had like a thousand subscribers on YouTube I had like 70k on Tik Tok so I was doing much better and I was averaging like a million views per Tik Tok What was crazy is I remember at this at this point I was posting to all three platforms but Tik Tok was getting all the views YouTube shorts and Instagram reals were getting like none of it were you thinking about one of those platforms as like your lead platform at that time it was definitely Tik Tok so you're thinking I'm making this video for Tik Tok I'm also posting to reals and I'm also pointing posting shorts correct but it wasn't edited on the Tik Tok app like it would still be filmed you know like professionally and then edited it and then posting on Tik Tok the same video that would get 1 million views on Tik Tok would get 1,000 views on YouTube shorts and I was like okay let me switch a strategy CU I bought baned on Tik talk like for a short period of time I'm like let me focus on YouTube and then the opposite happened I started averaging 1 million views on YouTube and then a th000 on Tik Tok I'm like this is really strange like these platforms definitely won different content and what I found YouTube likes definitely a slower more mature you know it's a more mature audience so they want like a slower Pace more story so those would be like the 34 second tick uh 34 second shorts that I'm making right now Tik Tok on the other hand did not like did not like videos over 30 seconds it liked 10 to 20 second videos that were just like dense with information not that many jokes just like you know just just scrollable they're just trying to scroll as much as possible versus Instagram reals was also slightly more mature but because they have that mute feature a lot of those videos would be very Visual and would have like subtitles in every second and would have like a lot of sharability since it's very it's it's very easy to share on Instagram how do you think about long form now is it something that you aspire to do more of how does it play into the Jenny hoyo Universe yes the Jenny ho Universe sounds like the MCU but yeah I I really want to get into long form I want to become established there basically what I did to shorts is exactly what I'm doing to long form I have been studying long forms for the past year learning as much as I can analyzing everything and now it's just time to execute so the goal is to pull off what I did on shorts on long form and then just you know upload a uh upload a a good amount between them I'm never going to quit shorts it's just going to be a good balance between the two what is long form represent to you that it's a priority you know you're so good at shorts you're you're like at the top of the mountain there why is long form something that's calling to you you know I think I mean it's a lot of reasons I feel it's kind of tough saying it but I think that they simply put I don't see that much more growth for me in shorts like sure I can start averaging like a 100 million views but it's like the real growth and fun is going to come from learning long form CU it's all about the journey you know it's like um it sounds so bad to say but I feel like I've already achieved my goal for like for shorts you know and it's like I I want to you know challenge myself again I just don't feel like I'm challenging myself with shorts this is a guess in short yeah no it's valid I your your reasons are your reasons they're totally valid I was I was I was wondering if it had anything to do with like is a relationship to the audience different in long form I'm sure there's more money in long form and I was wondering if those were part of the decision or if it was just a you know time to climb a new Mountain type situation I will say as ironic as it sounds money is not the reason why like when I first like started my entrepreneurship journey I was like money is everything right but then when I I started YouTube I realized like it doesn't matter how much I'm making like I'm just doing this so money like it's crazy as funny as it sounds because my content is all about money I don't even care Oh much I'm thinking it's funny as it sounds it's weird how it works but yeah is yeah the yeah it's just I think I think there is a better relationship with the viewer I feel like it's just it's just more it's more it's more personal you know like you guys are spending more time together for sure I think it is like a time spent situation like I feel like we really build trust as a function of time spent and the more spent time you spend with somebody like the more of a relationship you build relationships are built on trust curious if you think that your shorts audience will transition into long form or if you're thinking about you know the audience themselves the same like are these long form videos also going to be for your 10-year-old nieces it's it's a different audience you know it's really funny I want to tell this story because I thought it was absolutely hilarious and it's just going to open up like because to me it was it was huge I had a little cousin uh visit my house it was the first time I ever met her because she was also from another country and she she's like seven years old she came to my house first thing she said I'm cousins with a famous YouTuber it was so funny then the second thing she said she was like telling me how like she loves my shorts and she was like you know what you should check out I was like I was on YouTube and I noticed like they have these like horizontal videos that are like shorts but just like long and I was like that's crazy that's crazy that type of thing breaks my mind it's like it's like the videos where it's like we ask listen to and it's like insert bandn from my childhood here and like this is bad exactly it was one of those moments where it realized it opened it it was like that those are really two different audiences cuz there's some people who probably don't even know long forms are a thing and vice versa some people that don't even know shorts or thing then there's the people that know both so I know I'm going to get you know I'm not going to get all of my audience I have had some audience transition but yeah that's where I'm at and you think that's a is that a YouTube thing or is that an audience preference thing I think it's an audience preference thing for sure yeah I think YouTube's doing like as funny as it sounds because I feel like a lot of shorts creators like oh I feel so bad saying this CU I'm not one of them but I'm calling them out like there's shorts creators who have like a million subscribers and then they don't even get like a thousand views on a long form and then they're like it's YouTube's fault yeah but like in reality it's like their fault you know like um I average like 10 million views on shorts and then long forms I'm averaging like 50k views you know so it's like I think they're doing a pretty good job at like transitioning them just obviously not everyone's going to transition all right last question which I love to ask people is there anything that you believe to be true and we can relate it to YouTube or shorts but you don't yet have data to support oh there's there's a couple I'm trying to think what I should I think I got a good one I'm going to say two okay because I'm there's two that are really good bonus I think sharability really matters but I haven't done enough like analysis on that yet but I'm sure I can do my own analysis it's it's very tough because there's a lot of factors to that that come into play because you know I could argue this video has a lot of shares that's why I blew up but then I could also just argue that the retention was high so do you really know I I don't know so that that's my Hench I think sharability really does help although I will say like one of my shorts it has like such high shares it has like what was it like the shares to view ratio it's 20% Which is extremely high that seems very high and the scroll through rate is like 92% which is insane and it's probably because the shares are are that high and then my second hunch is that retention doesn't matter as much as people think it does say more it's very interesting because I have a lot of friends like who will send me their retention graphs or like their data their analytics and there's people like within like a similar amount of impressions as me like their retention will be so much higher than mine like there's friends like they would have like a 40 second short that has like 100k views and over 100% retention and I'm like oh my gosh this video is going to get like 10 million views and like it's it's not even Niche either but then it never it never does that but then for me like yeah like for me what's crazy is like you know I I've had a short before where I had like 70% retention on the first 100K views which is like really bad like really really bad for shorts and it still got like 10 million views because it was like all returning viewers you know so it's like I just have a hunch that like you know like I don't know I don't know what it is what what how they're measuring it it's just viewer satisfaction it can't it can't just be retention you know [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @jay [265 likes]: Grow Your Podcast on YouTube Workshop: https://creatorscience.co/play
  2. @Fricking.Website: While I can't make anything go viral, I do know something about being at the right place at the right time.
  3. @DeliciosobyJess: Gracias YouTube y a todos mis seguidores! 🫶✨
  4. @itseasypeezyy: I'm new creater, this will be beneficial for me  ...INSHAA Allah
  5. @BelloHappyTime: The best thing about this girl is that she resembles my kids, she is so funny, I love her story about the free laundry detergent, that is something I would do and a great idea for a video, she is amazing really. She will get really far because I was always like that and I am not a millionaire but I live a pretty good life :) God Bless her
  6. @KluckNorris: I bet you can't make my youtube shorts go viral, I've been on youtube 11 years and have 60 subscribers... lol
  7. @Studio81000: i like this girl
  8. @MeroArt_youtube: Her passion shows insane knowledge. Brawo
  9. @TheCooMan: 13:54 not me watching as a landscape creator 😅
  10. @DigitalMediaGalaxy01: nice vid 💪💪
  11. @BibleStoriesforEveryone-t6s: Make my video go viral!
  12. @vid4ia583: She said nothing is so many words = whatever she said ONLY works for her. Very nebulous explainer.
  13. @chronaion: Channel growth is a journey through the labyrinth of time. Fascinating, unpredictable, and worth every second.
  14. @theboredthedorkthebrokethedog: I wonder why her shorts are not getting much views now.
  15. @Ranger4-1-7-1: Guys n girls ATTENTION!
Studies showin that
every Short u see, its rottening ur  Attention for reality!

This is a real dangerous matter for real intelligence!

But ppl make a huge mistake by thinking they would have a win through a short look, but cant imagine anymore who they would be without this damage...ok u can decide  personal to watch or not, but is it really like that? 
No! Because now 18y old girls takin advantage of it! Like usual😅

But in a proffesional way

So for the health of the hole society, its shrinkin short by short and who goes out with real eyes and life experience can observe the difference!

Of course its a cute girl, but dont underestimate cute girls, they know how to manipulate in a determined way!
  16. @RabiaSani-d6p: Thanks for sharing this, learned a lot.
  17. @SmileyRN06: This was a great interview. Great questions and she was very open! 🎉 thanks!
  18. @IRUNTHISPLACE: Is anybody else thinking “Make me go viral”
I ran across the UK/Scottish border for a video and got 8 views 😂
  19. @kidjet: She’s so cool
  20. @raakgu: She's misunderstanding the retention metric and the swipe away metric.

Swipe away means did the user swipe past without watching your Short.

Retention means out of only those people who began watching your Short, what percentage of the video length did they make it to before swiping away.

The retention can be greater than 100% if your average viewer watches your video into the loop of it starting over.

Not because it relates to swipe away metric in any way.